 id : 2 ISBN : 0060973129  | name : Decision in Normandy  |  description : Here, for the first time in paperback, is an outstanding military history that offers a dramatic new perspective on the Allied campaign that began with the invasion of the D-Day beaches of Normandy. Nationa advertising in Military History.
 id : 3 ISBN : 0374157065  | name : Flu  |  description : Describes the great flu epidemic of 1918, an outbreak that killed some forty million people worldwide, and discusses the efforts of scientists and public health officials to understand and prevent another lethal pandemic
 id : 4 ISBN : 0393045218  | name : The Mummies of Ürümchi  |  description : A look at the incredibly well-preserved ancient mummies found in Western China describes their clothing and appearance, attempts to reconstruct their culture, and speculates about how Caucasians could have found their way to the feet of the Himalayan mountains.
 id : 5 ISBN : 0399135782  | name : The Kitchen God's Wife  |  description : A Chinese immigrant who is convinced she is dying threatens to celebrate the Chinese New Year by unburdening herself of everybody's hidden truths, thus prompting a series of comic misunderstandings
 id : 6 ISBN : 0425176428  | name : What If?  |  description : Essays by respected military historians, including Stephen Ambrose, David McCullough, James McPherson, and John Keegan, consider the consequences if history had turned out differently, such as if the weather on D-Day had been worse or if Washington had not escaped from Long Island. Reprint.
 id : 8 ISBN : 0679425608  | name : Under the Black Flag  |  description : An authoritative, revisionist history of the golden age of piracy draws on original archive material and records to provide a realistic study of pirates and their lives that refutes many of the colorful myths about the era. 35,000 first printing. Tour.
 id : 9 ISBN : 074322678X  | name : Where You'll Find Me  |  description : Now back in print, Ann Beattie's finest short story collection, reissued to accompany the publication of her latest novel, "The Doctor's House." Most of the characters in "Where You'll Find Me" grew up in the 1960s and 1970s, are in their twenties and thirties and embody a curious, yet familiar, fusion of hope and despair. In finely crafted narratives, Beattie writes of women nursing broken hearts, men looking for love, and married couples struggling to stay together.
 id : 10 ISBN : 0771074670  | name : Nights Below Station Street  |  description : Another story based in the fictional rural town in Miramichi.
 id : 11 ISBN : 080652121X  | name : Hitler's Secret Bankers  |  description : Based on newly declassified documents and archival research, Hitler's Secret Bankers reveals the full, hitherto unknown extent of Swiss economic collaboration with the Nazis during World War II. In this updated edition, readers discover how and why the Swiss finally buckled and agreed to pay $1.25 billion in compensation for the funds deposited by Holocaust victims in Swiss banks. In addition to the dispute over dormant accounts, Swiss banks provided to the Nazi war machine the foreign currency that paid for vital war materiel such as chrome and aluminum. The author also explains how the exposure of the myth of Swiss neutrality, in collaboration with the Nazis, triggered investigations into the role of the British regarding Holocaust victims and the part played by Germany and its failure to compensate the survivors of slave labor, as well as the upheaval in the art world, which failed to restore stolen paintings to their rightful owners.
 id : 12 ISBN : 0887841740  | name : The Middle Stories  |  description : Part Dorothy Parker, part Jose Saramago, with shades of George Orwell, Sheila Heti has arrived on Canada's literary scene a fully formed artist. Balancing wisdom and innocence, joy and foreboding, each story in The Middle Stories leads us to surprising places. A frog doles out sage advice to a plumber infatuated with a princess, a boy falls hopelessly in love with a monkey, and a man with a hat keeps apocalyptic thoughts at bay by resolving to follow a plan that he admits he won't stick to. Globe and Mail critic Russell Smith has described Heti's stories as cryptic fairy tales without morals at the end, but really the morals are in the quality of the telling and in the details disclosed along the way. Look where you weren't going to look, think what you wouldn't have thought, Heti seems to say, and meaning itself gains more meaning and more dimensions. Heti's stories are not what you expect, but why did you expect that anyway?"
 id : 14 ISBN : 1558746218  | name : A Second Chicken Soup for the Woman's Soul  |  description : A collection of inspirational true stories about love, marriage, friendship, overcoming obstacles, and achieving life dreams
 id : 16 ISBN : 1575663937  | name : More Cunning Than Man  |  description : This eye-opening, well-researched examination of mankind's oldest competitor is filled with weirdly fascinating information about the history of the rat and the way it consistently outsmarts man. Illustrations.
 id : 17 ISBN : 1881320189  | name : Goodbye to the Buttermilk Sky  |  description : A beautifully narrated novel of time and place, "Goodbye to the Buttermilk Sky" re-creates a southern summer when the depression and the boll weevil turned hopes to dust. With the extraordinary talent to make the reader see the Ball canning jars on the kitchen table, hear the clicks on the party line, and feel the bittersweet moments of 20-year-old Callie Tatum's first experiences with adult desire, Oliver portrays a young wife's increasingly dangerous infidelity with cinematic precision and palpable suspense.
 id : 18 ISBN : 0440234743  | name : The Testament  |  description : A suicidal billionaire, a burnt-out Washington litigator, and a woman who has forsaken technology to work in the wilds of Brazil are all brought together by an astounding mystery of the testament
 id : 19 ISBN : 0452264464  | name : Beloved  |  description : Staring unflinchingly into the abyss of slavery, this novel transforms history into a story as powerful as Exodus and as intimate as a lullaby. Sethe, its protagonist, was born a slave and escaped to Ohio, but eighteen years later she is still not free. She has too many memories of Sweet Home, the beautiful farm where so many hideous things happened. And Sethe's new home is haunted by the ghost of her baby, who died nameless and whose tombstone is engraved with a single word: Beloved.
 id : 20 ISBN : 0609804618  | name : Our Dumb Century  |  description : The staff of The Onion presents a satirical collection of mock headlines and news stories, including an account of the Pentagon's development of an A-bomb-resistant desk for schoolchildren
 id : 21 ISBN : 1841721522  | name : New Vegetarian  |  description : In New Vegetarian Celia Brooks Brown presents an innovative approach to vegetarian cooking. There's practical advice on how to choose and prepare the major vegetarian ingredients, followed by 50 original, stylish recipes, all photographed by Philip Webb.
 id : 22 ISBN : 1879384493  | name : If I'd Known Then What I Know Now  |  description : Provides advice on ways to succeed in business, finance, careers, dating, marriage, school, and getting along with others.
 id : 23 ISBN : 0061076031  | name : Mary-Kate & Ashley Switching Goals  |  description : Problems arise when identical twins Emma and Sam switch places in order to solve each other's problems, and the girls worry that things will only get worse if the truth about their plan is revealed.
 id : 24 ISBN : 0439095026  | name : Tell Me This Isn't Happening!  |  description : As explained by the kids themselves, this book offers a collection of true stories that deal with moments of embarrassment and awkwardness while providing tips and advice on how to handle such difficult situations when they arise. Original.
 id : 25 ISBN : 0689821166  | name : Flood  |  description : As the waters of the Mississippi River rise with each and every moment, Molly and Garrett risk their lives to save their collection of nickles and pennies as it is their only hope of getting out of their poverty-stricken world. Original.
 id : 26 ISBN : 0971880107  | name : Wild Animus  |  description : Wild animus is a search for the primordial, a test of human foundations and a journey to the breaking point.
 id : 27 ISBN : 0345402871  | name : Airframe  |  description : A fatal mid-air collision involving a commercial airliner prompts a frantic, desperate investigation into the causes of the accident, in a thriller exploring the issue of safety and security in the aircraft industry
 id : 28 ISBN : 0345417623  | name : Timeline  |  description : Using a quantum time machine, a group of young historians is sent back to the year 1357 to rescue their trapped project leader.
 id : 29 ISBN : 0684823802  | name : Out of the Silent Planet  |  description : Dr. Ransom is abducted to the eerie red planet, Malacandra, where his escape and flight endanger both his life and his chances of ever returning to Earth
 id : 30 ISBN : 0375759778  | name : Prague  |  description : A novel of startling scope and ambition, Prague depicts an intentionally lost Lost Generation as it follows five American expats who come to Budapest in the early 1990s to seek their fortune. They harbor the vague suspicion that their counterparts in Prague have it better, but still they hope to find adventure, inspiration, a gold rush, or history in the making.
 id : 31 ISBN : 0425163091  | name : Chocolate Jesus  |  description : When Sydney Corbett comes up with the idea of making candy figures of Jesus, it's just a business opportunity for him and the people at Bea's Candies, but it is blasphemy for the Reverend Willie Domingo and the Church of the Returning Vegetarian Christ, w
 id : 33 ISBN : 3442353866  | name : Der Fluch der Kaiserin  |  description : Im China des Jahres 671 gelingt Richter Di die Flucht vor der skrupellosen Kaiserin Wu in die Hafenstadt Kanton. Doch auch dort ist er nicht sicher.
 id : 34 ISBN : 3442410665  | name : Sturmzeit  |  description : Die Erlebnisse der schönen Felicia, Tochter eines ostpreussischen Gutsbesitzers, in den Jahren 1914 - 1930.
 id : 36 ISBN : 0375406328  | name : Lying Awake  |  description : Sister John of the Cross, an elderly nun, experiences a series of dazzling visions, but she is confronted with a difficult choice between her spiritual gifts and curing the powerful headaches that accompany her visions.
 id : 37 ISBN : 0446310786  | name : To Kill a Mockingbird  |  description : The unforgettable novel of a childhood in a sleepy Southern town and the crisis of conscience that rocked it, To Kill A Mockingbird became both an instant bestseller and a critical success when it was first published in 1960. It went on to win the Pulitzer Prize in 1961 and was later made into an Academy Award-winning film, also a classic. Compassionate, dramatic, and deeply moving, To Kill A Mockingbird takes readers to the roots of human behavior - to innocence and experience, kindness and cruelty, love and hatred, humor and pathos. Now with over 18 million copies in print and translated into forty languages, this regional story by a young Alabama woman claims universal appeal. Harper Lee always considered her book to be a simple love story. Today it is regarded as a masterpiece of American literature.
 id : 39 ISBN : 0060168013  | name : Pigs in Heaven  |  description : When Turtle witnesses a freak accident at the Hoover Dam, her mother responds and a man's life is saved, but their lives are changed by the incident. By the author of Animal Dreams. 100,000 first printing. $125,000 ad/promo. Tour.
 id : 40 ISBN : 038078243X  | name : Miss Zukas and the Raven's Dance  |  description : An Invitation To Murder A most unusual death has landed Helma Zukas right in the middle of another murder scene. Stanley Plummer has been cataloging a collection of Native American books for Bellehaven's new Cultural Center when his body was found in the Center's ladies room -- stabbed through his heart, and clutching a Barbie doll. Miss Zukas is asked by the library to finish the cataloging. Now she's been asked by the victim -- in a letter dated the day he died -- to get to the bottom of the mystery. Unable to resist the urge to dig into the facts, Helma becomes convinced there's something hidden in the Center that the murderer wants -- and it may be worth killing another cataloger to keep it buried. . .
 id : 41 ISBN : 055321215X  | name : Pride and Prejudice  |  description : "It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune must be in want of a wife." So begins Pride and Prejudice, Jane Austen's perfect comedy of manners--one of the most popular novels of all time--that features splendidly civilized sparring between the proud Mr. Darcy and the prejudiced Elizabeth Bennet as they play out their spirited courtship in a series of eighteenth-century drawing-room intrigues. "Pride and Prejudice seems as vital today as ever," writes Anna Quindlen in her introduction to this Modern Library edition. "It is a pure joy to read." Eudora Welty agrees: "The gaiety is unextinguished, the irony has kept its bite, the reasoning is still sweet, the sparkle undiminished. [It is] irresistible and as nearly flawless as any fiction could be." This volume is the companion to the BBC television series, a lavish production aired on the Arts and Entertainment Network.
 id : 42 ISBN : 067176537X  | name : Therapeutic Touch  |  description : Whether it be to relieve a headache, calm a muscle spasm, soothe a crying baby, or alleviate your own abdominal cramps. The Therapeutic Touch shows you how you can use your hands to help or to heal someone who is sick. By explaining what happens during the four different stages of therapeutic touching. Dr. Krieger shows you how to detect when a person is sick, pinpoint where the pain is, and stimulate the recuperative powers of the sick person. With accurate descriptions of the changes that take place in body temperature, levels of consciousness, and physiology during this intense interaction, this book helps you interpret your healing experience and get the most meaning from it. The Therapeutic Touch recaptures a simple, ancient mode of healing and shows how you can now become on integral part of your own or someone else's healing process.
 id : 43 ISBN : 0061099686  | name : Downtown  |  description : The year is 1966, a time of innocence, possibility, and freedom. And for Atlanta, the country, and one woman making her way in a changing world, nothing will be the same . . . After an airless childhood in Savannah, Smoky O'Donnell arrives in Atlanta, dazzled and chastened by this hectic young city on the rise. Her new job as a writer with the city's Downtown magazine introduces her to many unforgettable people and propels her into the center of momentous events that will irrevocably alter her heart, her career, and her world.
 id : 44 ISBN : 0553582909  | name : Icebound  |  description : A secret Arctic experiment turns into a frozen nightmare when a team of scientists, stranded on a drifting iceberg with a massive explosive charge, battles the elements for survival, only to discover that one of them is a murderer. Reissue.
 id : 45 ISBN : 0671888587  | name : I'll Be Seeing You  |  description : A young news reporter on assignment at a large metropolitan hospital is horrified when she sees that a young Jane Doe whom paramedics have failed to save has a face identical to her own
 id : 46 ISBN : 0553582747  | name : From the Corner of His Eye  |  description : Koontz looks heavenward for inspiration in his newest suspense thriller, which is chock-full of signs, portents, angels, and one somewhat second-rate devil, a murky and undercharacterized guy named Junior Cain who throws his beloved wife off a fire tower on an Oregon mountain and spends the rest of the novel waiting for the retribution that will surely come. But not before a series of tragedies ensues that convince Junior that someone or something named Bartholomew is out to exact vengeance for that crime and the series of other murders that follow. --- Amazon.
 id : 47 ISBN : 0425182908  | name : Isle of Dogs  |  description : Patricia Cornwell’s novels of big-city police have taken this classic genre to a new level. Now, with this #1 New York Times bestselling novel, she outdoes herself, with a wry tale of life and turmoil behind the blue wall. Chaos breaks loose when the governor of Virginia orders that speed traps be painted on all streets and highways, and warns that speeders will be caught by monitoring aircraft flying overhead. But the eccentric island of Tangier, fourteen miles off the coast of Virginia in Chesapeake Bay, responds by declaring war on its own state. Judy Hammer, newly installed as the superintendent of the Virginia State Police, and Andy Brazil, a state trooper and Hammer’s right hand and confidant, find themselves at their wits’ end as they try to protect the public from the politicians—and vice versa—in this pitch-perfect, darkly comic romp.
 id : 48 ISBN : 042518630X  | name : Purity in Death  |  description : Lieutenant Eve Dallas must take down a group of terrorists who use a computer virus to kill in this thriller in the #1 New York Times bestselling In Death series. Louie Cogburn had spent three days holed up in his apartment, staring at his computer screen. His pounding headache was unbearable—like spikes drilling into his brain. And it was getting worse. Finally, when someone knocked at his door, Louie picked up a baseball bat, opened the door, and started swinging… The first cop on the scene fired his stunner twice and Louie died instantly. Detective Eve Dallas has taken over the investigation, but there’s nothing to explain the man’s sudden rage or death. The only clue is a bizarre message left on his computer screen: Absolute Purity Achieved. And when a second man dies under nearly identical circumstances, Dallas starts racking her brain for answers and for courage to face the impossible…that this might be a computer virus able to spread from machine to man…
 id : 49 ISBN : 0440223571  | name : This Year it Will be Different and Other Stories  |  description : Presents an anthology of Christmas stories reflecting on the various ways in which the holidays serve as a catalyst to promote change, growth, and new beginnings
 id : 50 ISBN : 0812523873  | name : Proxies  |  description : Carli D'Auber, who has invented a new form of communication that enables people to transfer their consciousness thousands of miles away, finds herself hunted by a conspiracy that wants to use her invention for their own purposes. Reprint. LJ. K.
 id : 51 ISBN : 0842342702  | name : Left Behind  |  description : The first book in the author's successful "last days" series follows a 747 pilot as he tries to recover from the effects of "The Rapture." Reprint.
 id : 52 ISBN : 0440225701  | name : The Street Lawyer  |  description : After a violent encounter with a homeless man, talented corporate lawyer Michael finds himself out in the streets, lucky to be alive, and holding a top-secret file belonging to his former employers
 id : 53 ISBN : 0060914068  | name : Love, Medicine, & Miracles  |  description : Explores the link between mind and body, and shows how to become a survivor.
 id : 54 ISBN : 0156047624  | name : All the King's Men  |  description : As relevant today as it was 50 years ago, "All the King's Men" is a classic novel about American politics. Set in the 1930s, this Pulitzer Prize-winning novel traces the rise and fall of demagogue Willie Stark, a fictional character based on the real-life Huey Long of Louisiana.
 id : 56 ISBN : 0380715899  | name : A Soldier of the Great War  |  description : Encountering a younger man on a road in Italy, seventy-something professor Alessandro Guiliani recounts his experiences, spinning a tale of love, loss, tragedy, madmen, dwarves, and mafiosi. Reprint.
 id : 57 ISBN : 0553280333  | name : Getting Well Again  |  description : Based on the Simontons' experience with hundreds of patients at their world-famous Cancer Counseling and Research Center, Getting Well Again introduces the scientific basis for the "will to live." In this revolutionary book the Simontons profile the typical "cancer personality": how an individual's reactions to stress and other emotional factors can contribute to the onset and progress of cancer -- and how positive expectations, self-awareness, and self-care can contribute to survival. This book offers the same self-help techniques the Simonton's patients have used to successfully to reinforce usual medical treatment -- techniques for learning positive attitudes, relaxation, visualization, goal setting, managing pain, exercise, and building an emotional support system.
 id : 60 ISBN : 0671623249  | name : Lonesome Dove  |  description : A love story and an epic of the frontier, Lonesome Dove is the grandest novel ever written about the last, defiant wilderness of America. Richly authentic, beautifully written, Lonesome Dove is a book to make readers laugh, weep, dream and remember. Now a blockbuster television event. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 61 ISBN : 0679810307  | name : Shabanu  |  description : Shabanu, a young nomad of the Cholistan Desert, must submit to the marriage her father arranges for her, or go against centuries of tradition by defying him.
 id : 62 ISBN : 0679865691  | name : Haveli  |  description : Having relented to the ways of her people in Pakistan and married the rich older man to whom she was pledged against her will, Shabanu is now the victim of his family's blood feud and the malice of his other wives
 id : 63 ISBN : 2070423204  | name : Lieux dits  |  description : Boire un chocolat chaud ou un vin de Tokay à Prague en compagnie de Mozart et Da Ponte, séjourner à Weimar avec Bach et Goethe, s'envoler pour le Japon, atterrir à Bombay, flâner sur l'île Saint-Louis, créer un jardin " de curé ", admirer les cerfs-volants à Dieppe... Autant de promenades, d'escapades, de voyages ou de récréations auxquels nous invite Michel Tournier avec une gourmandise, une poésie et un talent jamais démentis.
 id : 64 ISBN : 0345260317  | name : The Dragons of Eden  |  description : Dr. Carl Sagan Takes Us on a Great Reading Adventure, Offering his Vivid and Startling Insight Into the Brain of Man and Beast, the Origin of Human Intelligence, the Function of our Most Haunting Legends -- and Their Amazing Links to Recent Discoveries. Book jacket.
 id : 67 ISBN : 0804106304  | name : The Joy Luck Club  |  description : Encompassing two generations and a rich blend of Chinese and American history, the story of four struggling, strong women also reveals their daughters' memories and feelings
 id : 68 ISBN : 1853262404  | name : Heart of Darkness and Other Stories  |  description : Generally regarded as the pre-eminent work of Conrad's shorter fiction, 'Heart of Darkness' is a chilling tale of horror which, as the author intended, is capable of many interpretations.
 id : 69 ISBN : 0312970242  | name : Deepak Chopra's The Angel is Near  |  description : American physician Michael Aulden stands at the center of an epic global confrontation of the body, mind, and soul, as humankind must choose between the forces of good and evil, with the fate of the entire world at stake. Original.
 id : 70 ISBN : 1853260053  | name : Tess of the D'Urbervilles  |  description : The story of a simple country girl whose family's pretentions lead to her destruction
 id : 72 ISBN : 0060938412  | name : The Accidental Virgin  |  description : From: Venus, Goddess of Love, 120 Main, Mt. Olympus To: Stacy Temple, lapsed temptress Stacy, Stacy, Stacy. You were so promising at the beginning: Sexy, smart, personable and funny. Great on dates and really great afterward-if you know what I mean. But this is a sad state of affairs; or, in your case, non-affairs! It's been nearly an entire year and you haven't had your way with even ONE eligible male. You've been working so hard concocting sexy lingerie for Thongs.com -- and really, Stacy, if that little pink velvet bustier didn't put you in the mood, I don't know what to say! -- that you haven't even tried to be coaxed out of your own thong.com! Are you listening, Stacy? Seven days to find the perfect man -- or else! Happy hunting!
 id : 73 ISBN : 0140067477  | name : The Tao of Pooh  |  description : An expert in Chinese philosophy explains facets of Taoism using Milne's famous character and explores the world of Winnie-the-Pooh through Tao, characterizing Pooh as a simple bear who subscribes to the principles of successful living
 id : 74 ISBN : 0345465083  | name : Seabiscuit  |  description : Retraces the journey of Seabiscuit, a horse with crooked legs and a pathetic tail that made racing history in 1938, thanks to the efforts of a trainer, owner, and jockey who transformed a bottom-level racehorse into a legend.
 id : 75 ISBN : 0451625889  | name : The Prince  |  description : Notes, a 2-page map, an index, and an altogether remarkable Introduction by David Wootton, make this edition an ideal encounter with Machiavelli for any student of history and political theory.
 id : 76 ISBN : 1558531025  | name : Life's Little Instruction Book  |  description : A collection of advice on how to live a happy and rewarding life.
 id : 77 ISBN : 0441783589  | name : Starship Troopers  |  description : In a futuristic military adventure a recruit goes through the roughest boot camp in the universe and into battle with the Terran Mobile Infantry in what historians would come to call the First Interstellar War
 id : 78 ISBN : 0394895894  | name : The Ruby in the Smoke  |  description : In nineteenth-century London, sixteen-year-old Sally, a recent orphan, becomes involved in a deadly search for a mysterious ruby.
 id : 79 ISBN : 1569871213  | name : Black Beauty  |  description : A horse in nineteenth-century England recounts his experiences with both good and bad masters.
 id : 80 ISBN : 0375410538  | name : Anil's Ghost  |  description : A forensic pathologist returns to Sri Lanka--after 15 years abroad--to assist in identifying victims of the country's civil war
 id : 84 ISBN : 0743403843  | name : Decipher  |  description : There is a signal emanating from deep within the ice of Antarctica. Atlantis has awoken. Ancient monuments all over the world - from the Pyramids of Giza, to Mexico, to the ancient sites of China - are also awakening, reacting to a brewing crisis not of this earth, connecting to each other in some kind of ancient global network. A small group of scientists is assembled to attempt to unravel the mystery. What they discover will change the world. Imagine that 12,000 years ago it really did rain for 40 days and 40 nights. That storms reigned supreme. Imagine that survivors of human civilization really were forced to take to boats or hide out in caves on mountaintops. Then consider that these same myths from around the world predict this kind of devastation will occur time and again. What could cause such a catastrophe? What occurs in nature with such frightening and predictable regularity? A pulsar. But this is not just any pulsar - the ordinary type that pulses once a second, a minute, or even a week. This pulses once every 12,000 years and sends out a gravity wave of such ferocity it beggars belief. Not only that, it's closer than anybody has ever imagined. For it lives in our own backyard. It is the Sun.
 id : 85 ISBN : 0060930365  | name : My First Cousin Once Removed  |  description : The art of being truly funny is an undervalued one in these angst-ridden times, but it is an ability that acclaimed novelist Sarah Payne Stuart has in abundance. Her talents have never been on more glorious display than in My First Cousin Once Removed, a memoir--at once hilarious, personal and sad--of her extraordinary Boston Brahmin family, whose most famous member is the legendary poet Robert Lowell, the author's first cousin (once removed).
 id : 86 ISBN : 0060177586  | name : Standing Firm  |  description : The former vice president and conservative spokesman offers a personal account of his controversial years in the White House, from helping prosecute the war against Iraq to starting the "Murphy Brown" debate over family values. 300,000 first printing. $250,000 ad/promo.
 id : 87 ISBN : 0071416331  | name : Team Bush  |  description : LEADERSHIP STRATEGIES BEHIND ONE OF THE MOST POPULAR PRESIDENTS IN HISTORY How the Commander-in-Chief commands George W. Bush has surprised even his harshest critics with his leadership talents and discipline. As this countrys first MBA president, Bush formed his unique leadership style managing businesses, not government offices. Team Bush is the first book to explore these unique methods and tactics he has employed to become one of the nations most popular commanders in chief in recent history. From "hiring" the most diverse and effective cabinets in history, to dealing with the crisis and war sparked by the events of September 11th, this compelling leadership book takes readers into the mind and methods of Americas 43rd president, and shows managers how these methods can be used to boost productivity in their own organizations. This fast-paced book pulls no punches as it showcases President Bushs successes and strengths while detailing his mistakes and weaknesses. Focusing on the actual events and outcomes of Bushs first two years in office, it discusses: The strategy behind Bushs coup in the mid-term election Lessons learned from his managing of the September 11th crisis How Bush recognizes and learns from his very public mistakes
 id : 88 ISBN : 0375509038  | name : The Right Man  |  description : An account of the first year of George W. Bush's presidency explores key events, including his controversial election, the September 11th terrorist attack and its aftermath, and their long-term implications for the United States.
 id : 89 ISBN : 0553062042  | name : The Daybreakers  |  description : Tyrel and Orrin Sackett travel from Tennessee to Santa Fe.
 id : 90 ISBN : 0316769487  | name : The Catcher in the Rye  |  description : The "brilliant, funny, meaningful novel" (The New Yorker) that established J. D. Salinger as a leading voice in American literature--and that has instilled in millions of readers around the world a lifelong love of books. "If you really want to hear about it, the first thing you'll probably want to know is where I was born, and what my lousy childhood was like, and how my parents were occupied and all before they had me, and all that David Copperfield kind of crap, but I don't feel like going into it, if you want to know the truth." The hero-narrator of The Catcher in the Rye is an ancient child of sixteen, a native New Yorker named Holden Caufield. Through circumstances that tend to preclude adult, secondhand description, he leaves his prep school in Pennsylvania and goes underground in New York City for three days.
 id : 93 ISBN : 8445071777  | name : El retorno del rey  |  description : Los ejércitos del Señor Oscuro van extendiendo cada vez más su maléfica sombra por la Tierra Media. Hombres, elfos y enanos unen sus fuerzas para presentar batalla contra Sauron y sus huestes. Ajenos a estos preparativos, Frodo y Sam se internan cada vez másen el país de Mordor en su heroico viaje para destruir el Anillo de Poder en las Grietas del Destino.
 id : 94 ISBN : 0679429220  | name : Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil  |  description : Shots rang out in Savannah's grandest mansion in the misty,early morning hours of May 2, 1981. Was it murder or self-defense? For nearly a decade, the shooting and its aftermath reverberated throughout this hauntingly beautiful city of moss-hung oaks and shaded squares. John Berendt's sharply observed, suspenseful, and witty narrative reads like a thoroughly engrossing novel, and yet it is a work of nonfiction. Berendt skillfully interweaves a hugely entertaining first-person account of life in this isolated remnant of the Old South with the unpredictable twists and turns of a landmark murder case. It is a spellbinding story peopled by a gallery of remarkable characters: the well-bred society ladies of the Married Woman's Card Club; the turbulent young redneck gigolo; the hapless recluse who owns a bottle of poison so powerful it could kill every man, woman, and child in Savannah; the aging and profane Southern belle who is the "soul of pampered self-absorption"; the uproariously funny black drag queen; the acerbic and arrogant antiques dealer; the sweet-talking, piano-playing con artist; young blacks dancing the minuet at the black debutante ball; and Minerva, the voodoo priestess who works her magic in the graveyard at midnight. These and other Savannahians act as a Greek chorus, with Berendt revealing the alliances, hostilities, and intrigues that thrive in a town where everyone knows everyone else. Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil: A Savannah Story is a sublime and seductive reading experience. Brilliantly conceived and masterfully written, this enormously engaging portrait of a most beguiling Southern city is certain to become a modern classic.
 id : 95 ISBN : 0671867156  | name : Pretend You Don't See Her  |  description : Placed in the federal witness protection program after seeing a murder, Manhattan real-estate agent Lacey Farrell nevertheless must solve the case before she becomes the next victim
 id : 96 ISBN : 0312252617  | name : Fast Women  |  description : Following her divorce, Nell Dysart takes a job working for a detective agency and finds herself knee deep in embezzlement, bribery, blackmail, arson, adultery, murder, and passion with her boss, Gabe McKenna. 75,000 first printing.
 id : 97 ISBN : 0312261594  | name : Female Intelligence  |  description : When a renowned marriage specialist is publically humiliated by her own straying husband, she fights back by trying to soften the man who made the cover of Fortune magazine "America's Toughest Bosses" issue. 65,000 first printing.
 id : 98 ISBN : 0316748641  | name : Pasquale's Nose  |  description : Hailed for its quirkiness and charm, this book tells the story of a New York City lawyer who runs away to a small Etruscan village with his wife and baby and discovers a community of eccentrics who make them feel right at home.
 id : 99 ISBN : 0316973742  | name : The Gospel of Judas  |  description : A priest experiencing a crisis of faith -- and the married woman to whom he is attracted. A scroll newly discovered near Jerusalem that, if authentic, could open Christianity to a complete reinterpretation. A tragic love affair unfolding in Fascist-dominated Rome during World War II. These are the elements of a magnificent literary entertainment -- a novel that resonates with tales of love and betrayal as it deals profoundly with questions of faith and what it means to believe. -- At once a love story, a thriller, and a rich novel of ideas.
 id : 101 ISBN : 0446677450  | name : Rich Dad, Poor Dad  |  description : Argues that a good education and a secure job are not guarantees for financial success, and describes six guidelines for making money work for you.
 id : 102 ISBN : 0451166892  | name : The Pillars of the Earth  |  description : Nominated as one of America’s best-loved novels by PBS’s The Great American Read #1 New York Times Bestseller Oprah's Book Club Selection The “monumental masterpiece” (Booklist) that changed the course of Ken Follett’s already phenomenal career. Look out for the prequel, The Evening and the Morning, coming from Viking in September 2020. “Follett is a master,” extolled the Washington Post on the release of The Pillars of the Earth. A departure for the bestselling thriller writer, the historical epic stunned readers and critics alike with its ambitious scope and gripping humanity. Today, it stands as a testament to Follett’s unassailable command of the written word and to his universal appeal. The Pillars of the Earth tells the story of Philip, prior of Kingsbridge, a devout and resourceful monk driven to build the greatest Gothic cathedral the world has known . . . of Tom, the mason who becomes his architect—a man divided in his soul . . . of the beautiful, elusive Lady Aliena, haunted by a secret shame . . . and of a struggle between good and evil that will turn church against state and brother against brother. A spellbinding epic tale of ambition, anarchy, and absolute power set against the sprawling medieval canvas of twelfth-century England, this is Ken Follett’s historical masterpiece.
 id : 103 ISBN : 0553347594  | name : McDonald's  |  description : Perfect for fans of The Founder, this is the real-life story of the world’s premier entrepreneurial success. The growth of McDonald’s worldwide continues to astonish. In tough financial times, McDonald’s proved that ingenuity, trial and error, and gut instinct were the keys to building a service business the entire world has come to admire. McDonald’s has been a trendsetter in advertising, focusing on different demographics as well as the physically disabled. McDonald’s created McJobs, a program that employs both mentally challenged adults and senior citizens. And because its franchisees have their fingers on the pulse of the marketplace, McDonald’s has evolved successfully with the health food revolution, launching dozens of new products and moving toward environmentally safe packaging and recyclable goods. Inspiring, informative, and filled with behind-the-scenes stories, this remarkable saga offers an irresistible look inside a great American business success.
 id : 104 ISBN : 0671621009  | name : Creating Wealth  |  description : Discusses principles for creating wealth includes: a wealthy mindset, an automatic pilot principle, and a win/win philosophy principle.
 id : 113 ISBN : 0446608653  | name : The Alibi  |  description : In this suspenseful Southern thriller and #1 New York Times bestseller, an ambitious prosecutor investigates a high-stakes case after Charleston's most powerful real estate magnate is murdered. The sensational murder of powerful tycoon Lute Pettijohn has rocked Charleston. Prosecutor Hammond Cross sees his chance to become the city's next district attorney . . . but only if he can put a killer behind bars. Hammond's investigation turns up more than one person who wants Pettijohn dead. But when the prime suspect turns out to be a mysterious woman who holds a secret that could shatter Hammond's ambitions, he faces a moral dilemma and a haunting question: Was he set up to be the perfect alibi?
 id : 114 ISBN : 0446612545  | name : The Beach House  |  description : Jack Mullen is a driven student of the law. His brother Peter is a servant of the rich, parking the cars of the Hamptons' elite-and perhaps satisfying their more intimate needs as well. Then Peter's body is found on the beach. Jack knows the drowning was no accident, but someone's unlimited power and money have bought the cops, the judges, the system. Now Jack is learning a lesson in justice he never got in law school ... and his astonishing plan to beat the billionaires will have you reeling-and cheering-to the very last page.
 id : 115 ISBN : 0446612618  | name : A Kiss Remembered  |  description : After leaving her disatrous marriage behind, Shelley Browning goes back to college to get her degree and comes face-to-face with an unforgettable man from her past. Grant Chapman had briefly taught her in high school ten years earlier. There teacher and student had shared a single, scorching, unplanned kiss that still haunts Shelley's dreams. Now, as irresistable as ever, Grant has just returned to teaching after a stint as a congressional aide in Washington...and sees no imporopriety in asking Shelley out. Isn't this what she secretly longs for? Never has Shelley felt more confused about what she really wants or what is best for them both. But a stunning accusation is about to change all that and force Shelley Browning to either take some dangerous risks -- or spend the rest of her life regretting what could have been.
 id : 116 ISBN : 0451208080  | name : The Short Forever  |  description : Stone Barrington gets caught up in a matter of international intrigue in this explosive thriller in the #1 New York Times bestselling series. In London to locate the niece of his enigmatic client, Stone Barrington soon finds himself out of his territory and out of his depth. Baffled as he is by the behavior of his quarry, Stone’s life is further complicated by two—possibly three—murders and the affectionate attentions of two former lovers. And when the intelligence services of three countries become involved, he can only hang on for the wild ride...
 id : 126 ISBN : 0671042858  | name : The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon  |  description : The acclaimed #1 New York Times and undisputed King of Horror Stephen King offers a frightening suspense novel about a young girl who becomes lost in the woods as night falls. On a six-mile hike on the Maine-New Hampshire branch of the Appalachian Trail, nine-year-old Trisha McFarland quickly tires of the constant bickering between her older brother, Pete, and her recently divorced mother. But when she wanders off by herself, and then tries to catch up by attempting a shortcut, she becomes lost in a wilderness maze full of peril and terror. As night falls, Trisha has only her ingenuity as a defense against the elements, and only her courage and faith to withstand her mounting fears. For solace she tunes her Walkman to broadcasts of Boston Red Sox baseball games and follows the gritty performances of her hero, relief pitcher Tom Gordon. And when her radio’s reception begins to fade, Trisha imagines that Tom Gordon is with her—protecting her from an all-too-real enemy who has left a trail of slaughtered animals and mangled trees in the dense, dark woods…
 id : 127 ISBN : 0743249992  | name : Bringing Down the House  |  description : Recounts the story of how a notorious gang of MIT blackjack savants devised and received backing for a system for winning at the world's most sophisticated casinos, an endeavor that earned them more than three million dollars. Reprint. 100,000 first printing.
 id : 129 ISBN : 0425184226  | name : The Sum of All Fears  |  description : Peace may finally be at hand in the Middle East - as Deputy Director of the CIA Jack Ryan lays the groundwork for a peace plan that could end centuries of conflict. But ruthless terrorists have a final, desperate card to play; they have their hands on a nuclear weapon and have placed it on American soil in the midst of an escalation in tension with the Soviet Union. The terrorists hope to rekindle cold war animosity and prevent reconciliation between Israelis and Palestinians. With one terrible act, distrust mounts, forces collide, and the floundering U.S. president seems unable to cope with the crisis. With the world on the verge of nuclear disaster, Ryan must frantically seek a solution - before the chiefs of state lose control of themselves and the world.
 id : 130 ISBN : 0375500766  | name : Care Packages  |  description : The actress-wife of Christopher Reeve shares dozens of the inspirational letters that her husband received following his paralyzing accident, and describes how they have given the family strength
 id : 131 ISBN : 9724119378  | name : O Deus das pequenas coisas  |  description : The story of an Indian family during the 1969 Communist disturbances in Kerala province. It is told through the eyes of a boy and his sister who are the children of a rich rubber planter. Politics, family drama, illicit love. A debut in fiction.
 id : 132 ISBN : 0451205197  | name : Lady in Green and Minor Indiscretions  |  description : Escaping an arranged marriage, Annalise Avery takes employment at Lord Gardiner's townhouse and, disguised as his housekeeper, vows to end the lord's lascivious ways in Lady in Green, while in Minor Indiscretions, Melody Ashton is stunned to be accused of blackmail by the rakish Lord Coe, who then offers to make her his mistress. Original.
 id : 134 ISBN : 0060976845  | name : Little Altars Everywhere  |  description : Don't miss Little Altars Everywhere, the New York Times bestselling companion novel that introduces the Ya-Yas and is also a basis for the film.
 id : 135 ISBN : 0061099325  | name : Coyote Waits  |  description : Jim Chee is torn between his role as the prosecution's star witness against the man charged with killing his best friend and his own investigation of the crime. Reprint
 id : 136 ISBN : 0671004573  | name : Before I Say Good-Bye  |  description : A young woman probing into the mysterious circumstances of her husband's death receives a message from a medium claiming to be his channel in Mary Higgins Clark's #1 bestselling thriller, Before I Say Goodbye. When Nell MacDermott learns that her husband, architect Adam Cauliff, and three of his business associates have died in an explosion of his new cabin cruiser, she is not only devastated but wracked with guilt. The last time she saw Adam, they had a bitter quarrel over her plan to run for the congressional seat long held by her grandfather; she had told him not to come home. As the investigation into the boat's explosion proceeds, Nell learns that it was not an accident but a bomb. Despite her skepticism, Nell is swayed by her great-aunt Gert, a believer in psychic powers, to see a medium claiming to be Adam's channel. While trying to unravel the threads of Adam's past and his violent end, Nell consults the medium, who transmits messages to her with instructions from Adam. The story reaches a powerful climax in Nell's final encounter with the medium, in which she learns the truth about the explosion -- truth she can't be allowed to live and tell.
 id : 137 ISBN : 0446601640  | name : Slow Waltz in Cedar Bend  |  description : Restless loner and motorcycle rider Michael Tillman is unable to resist his powerful feelings for Jellie Braden, a free spirit trapped in a passionless marriage. By the author of The Bridges of Madison County. Reprint.
 id : 139 ISBN : 038572179X  | name : Atonement  |  description : NATIONAL BESTSELLER • A symphonic novel of love and war, childhood and class, guilt and forgiveness that provides all the satisfaction of a brilliant narrative and the provocation we have come to expect from the acclaimed Booker Prize–winning, internationally bestselling author. On a hot summer day in 1935, thirteen-year-old Briony Tallis witnesses a moment’s flirtation between her older sister, Cecilia, and Robbie Turner, the son of a servant and Cecilia’s childhood friend. But Briony’s incomplete grasp of adult motives—together with her precocious literary gifts—brings about a crime that will change all their lives. As it follows that crime’s repercussions through the chaos and carnage of World War II and into the close of the twentieth century, Atonement engages the reader on every conceivable level, with an ease and authority that mark it as a genuine masterpiece. Don’t miss Ian McEwan’s new novel, Lessons, coming in September!
 id : 140 ISBN : 0393020371  | name : Next  |  description : Examines the impact of the Internet on the way people live, work, and think, and offers a forecast about the implications of this revolution on human society.
 id : 141 ISBN : 1900850303  | name : The Angelic Darkness  |  description : With The Angelic Darkness, Zimler returns with a haunting story of eroticism and redemption, a novel whose hypnotic combination of the ordinary with the fantastic, the mundane with the mythological, evokes the power of John Fowles's The Magus.
 id : 142 ISBN : 1903019699  | name : The Soulbane Stratagem  |  description : For American student Cade Bryson, the opportunity to study in Oxford was a dream come true. But a chance discovery on a snowy winter evening changes everything. Sinister forces await Cade in ancient college buildings and in Oxford's hidden lanes.
 id : 143 ISBN : 0345425294  | name : Gangster  |  description : Love. Violence. Destiny. These powerful themes ricochet through Lorenzo Carcaterra’s new novel like bullets from a machine gun. In Gangster, he surpasses even his bestselling Sleepers to create a brutal and brilliant American saga of murder, forgiveness, and redemption. Born in the midst of tragedy and violence and raised in the shadow of a shocking secret, young Angelo Vestieri chooses to flee both his past and his father to seek a second family—the criminals who preside over early 20th century New York. In his bloody rise from soldier to mob boss, he encounters ever more barbaric betrayals—in friendship, in his brutal business, in love—yet simultaneously comes to understand the meaning of loyalty, the virtue of relationships, and gains a perspective on the lonely, if powerful, life he has chosen. As the years pass, as enemies are made and defeated, as wars are fought and won, the old don meets an abandoned boy who needs a parent as much as protection. By taking Gabe under his wing and teaching him everything he knows, Angelo Vestieri will learn, in the winter of his life, which is greater: his love for the boy he cherishes, or his need to be a gangster and to live by the savage rules he helped create. A sweeping panoramic with riveting characters, a unique understanding of the underworld philosophy, and a relentless pace, Gangster travels through the time of godfathers and goodfellas to our own world of suburban Sopranos. But this is more than just an authentic chronicle of crime. Setting a new standard for this acclaimed author, Gangster is a compassionate portrait of one man's fight against his fate—and an unforgettable epic of a family, a city, a century.
 id : 144 ISBN : 0451410319  | name : Hush  |  description : Sixteen years after her own son fell victim to a serial killer, criminal profiler Ivy Dunlap is called in by the Chicago police to help them find the Madonna Murderer, an unknown killer who has returned to stalk the city, and Ivy must journey into the innermost depths of her own fears to find him before it is too late. Original.
 id : 145 ISBN : 0553583468  | name : Whisper of Evil  |  description : As a series of grisly murders terrorizes the small, backwoods town of Silence, Nell Gallagher, a young woman with special psychic gifts, holds the power to unravel the mystery, uncover the dark secrets that could destroy the town, and find a killer before it is too late. Original.
 id : 147 ISBN : 8476409419  | name : Estudios sobre el amor  |  description : El amor como imperativo de exelencia es un movimiento de fidelidad a sí mismo y a las cosas. Es lo que para Ortega significa la definición platónica del amor como un "deseo de engendrar belleza", la aspiración al ser en plenitud, al ser en forma. Eso es lo que constituye el ideal de cada cosa, y no es exclusivamente nuestro.
 id : 148 ISBN : 0380778556  | name : Rebecca  |  description : "Last Night I Dreamt I Went To Manderley Again." So the second Mrs. Maxim de Winter remembered the chilling events that led her down the turning drive past ther beeches, white and naked, to the isolated gray stone manse on the windswept Cornish coast. With a husband she barely knew, the young bride arrived at this immense estate, only to be inexorably drawn into the life of the first Mrs. de Winter, the beautiful Rebecca, dead but never forgotten...her suite of rooms never touched, her clothes ready to be worn, her servant -- the sinister Mrs. Danvers -- still loyal. And as an eerie presentiment of evil tightened around her heart, the second Mrs. de Winter began her search for the real fate of Rebecca...for the secrets of Manderley.
 id : 149 ISBN : 0451525221  | name : The Scarlet Letter  |  description : Set in the harsh Puritan community of 17th century Massachusetts, this tale of an adulterous entanglement resulting in an illegitimate birth engendered the first true heroine of American fiction.
 id : 150 ISBN : 0002740230  | name : Keep It Simple  |  description : Here is a guide to make life simpler, easier and more enjoyable. Two basic rules are offered: quietness and simplicity. They invite us to reject the quick fix, to stop talking so much, advance by retreat and live more profoundly. Practical ideas include the use of the TV, purging your wardrobe and booting out clutter. It contains tips and hints for a more manageable life.
 id : 152 ISBN : 0440949424  | name : Locked in Time  |  description : When Nore Robbins visits her new stepmother, brother, and sister in Louisiana, she is unnerved by the feeling of evil and eerie threats that pervades the plantation. Reissue.
 id : 153 ISBN : 0505524996  | name : Contact  |  description : An airline officer on a trans-Atlantic flight finds her ship hijacked by aliens and a member of her crew the only one she can trust—and eventually love.
 id : 154 ISBN : 0140252800  | name : The Brimstone Wedding  |  description : Jenny's marriage is loveless, and she is having an affair. She works at an old people's home, where she is especially fond of Stella, a woman dying of cancer - whose own secrets parallel Jenny's - with the difference that she may have been involved in murdering her lover's husband.
 id : 155 ISBN : 0451452755  | name : The Catswold Portal  |  description : Eager to discover her lost past, Sarah, spirited away as a child from the grips of the evil Siddonie, begins a journey of self-discovery that takes her from the Hell Pit through the Catswold Portal and beyond
 id : 156 ISBN : 0812575482  | name : Through Wolf's Eyes  |  description : Firekeeper only vaguely remembers a time when she didn't live with her "family," a pack of "royal wolves"-bigger, stronger, and smarter than normal wolves. Now her pack leaders are sending her back to live among the humans, as they promised her mother years ago. Some of the humans think she may be the lost heir to their throne. This could be good-and it could be very, very dangerous. In the months to come, learning to behave like a human will turn out to be more complicated than she'd ever imagined. But though human ways might be stranger than anything found in the forest, the infighting in the human's pack is nothing Firekeeper hasn't seen before. That, she understands just fine. She's not your standard-issue princess-and this is not your standard-issue fairy tale.
 id : 157 ISBN : 044651747X  | name : Puerto Vallarta Squeeze  |  description : The author of the blockbuster The Bridges of Madison County blends passion and adventure in the story of an American novelist in Mexico and his young lover, who take a trip with a killer.
 id : 158 ISBN : 0060801263  | name : A Tree Grows in Brooklyn  |  description : A poignant story of childhood and family relationships.
 id : 159 ISBN : 0061030147  | name : Cybill Disobedience  |  description : In a candid, no-holds-barred memoir, the former supermodel-turned-actress chronicles her thirty-year Hollywood career, from her turbulent childhood and modeling success to her film and television stardom, detailing her romantic flings, motherhood, and personal relationships along the way. Reprint.
 id : 160 ISBN : 0140250964  | name : Snow Angels  |  description : Weaves together two stories in the account of how fifteen-year-old Arthur Parkinson's family fell apart and the life and death of Annie Marchand, a young woman Arthur adored as a child
 id : 161 ISBN : 0446527165  | name : Wish You Well  |  description : Following a family tragedy, siblings Lou and Oz must leave New York and adjust to life in the Virginia mountains--but just as the farm begins to feel like home, they'll have to defend it from a dark threat in this New York Times bestselling coming-of-age story. Precocious twelve-year-old Louisa Mae Cardinal lives in the hectic New York City of 1940 with her family. Then tragedy strikes--and Lou and her younger brother, Oz, must go with their invalid mother to live on their great-grandmother's farm in the Virginia mountains. Suddenly Lou finds herself growing up in a new landscape, making her first true friend, and experiencing adventures tragic, comic, and audacious. When a dark, destructive force encroaches on her new home, her struggle will play out in a crowded Virginia courtroom...and determine the future of two children, an entire town, and the mountains they love.
 id : 162 ISBN : 0671461494  | name : The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy  |  description : After Earth is demolished to make way for a new hyperspatial expressway, Arthur Dent begins to hitch-hike through space.
 id : 163 ISBN : 0385337639  | name : Crow Lake  |  description : Crow Lake is that rare find, a first novel so quietly assured, so emotionally pitch perfect, you know from the opening page that this is the real thing—a literary experience in which to lose yourself, by an author of immense talent. Here is a gorgeous, slow-burning story set in the rural “badlands” of northern Ontario, where heartbreak and hardship are mirrored in the landscape. For the farming Pye family, life is a Greek tragedy where the sins of the fathers are visited on the sons, and terrible events occur—offstage. Centerstage are the Morrisons, whose tragedy looks more immediate if less brutal, but is, in reality, insidious and divisive. Orphaned young, Kate Morrison was her older brother Matt’s protegee, her fascination for pond life fed by his passionate interest in the natural world. Now a zoologist, she can identify organisms under a microscope but seems blind to the state of her own emotional life. And she thinks she’s outgrown her siblings—Luke, Matt, and Bo—who were once her entire world. In this universal drama of family love and misunderstandings, of resentments harbored and driven underground, Lawson ratchets up the tension with heartbreaking humor and consummate control, continually overturning one’s expectations right to the very end. Tragic, funny, unforgettable, Crow Lake is a quiet tour de force that will catapult Mary Lawson to the forefront of fiction writers today.
 id : 164 ISBN : 039575514X  | name : My Ántonia  |  description : The reminiscences of a New York lawyer, Jim Burden, about his boyhood in Nebraska, particularly a young Bohemian girl named Antonia Shimerda, are set against the backdrop of the American assimilation of immigrants. Reader's Guide available. Reissue.
 id : 165 ISBN : 0451206673  | name : Pen Pals  |  description : When Jennifer agrees to take the rap for her boss, who has been wreaking havoc on the SEC, she finds herself in Jennings Correctional Facility for Women where she encounters a fiesty group of smart, tough women who change her life.
 id : 166 ISBN : 0330332775  | name : Bridget Jones's Diary  |  description : Bridget Jones's Diary was first published in 1996 and applauded by critics from Salman Rushdie to Jilly Cooper. A number one best-seller, Helen Fielding's book has sold over fifteen million copies worldwide and has been turned into an Academy Award-nominated film starring Renee Zellweger, Colin Firth and Hugh Grant. Bridget Jones's Diary is followed by Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason and Bridget Jones: Mad About the Boy. Bridget Jones is everyone's favourite spinster. In Bridget Jones's Diary she documents her struggles through the social minefield of her 30s and tries to weigh up the eternal question: Daniel Cleaver of Mark Darcy? She is supported through the whole process by four indispensable friends, Shazzer, Jude, Tom and a bottle of chardonnay. A dazzling urban satire of modern relationships? An ironic, tragic insight into the demise of the nuclear family? Or the confused ramblings of a pissed thirty-something?
 id : 167 ISBN : 0486284735  | name : Pride and Prejudice  |  description : In early nineteenth-century England, a spirited young woman copes with the suit of a snobbish gentleman, as well as the romantic entanglements of her four sisters.
 id : 168 ISBN : 0671021745  | name : Eye on Crime  |  description : Hours after participating in a hypnosis demonstration, Callie and Iola go missing and turn up arrested for no apparent reason, and the Hardys, investigating a local robbery, must outmaneuver corrupt police. Original.
 id : 169 ISBN : 0671047612  | name : Skin & Bones  |  description : The HARDY BOYS® SKIN & BONES SELLS EVERYTHING FROM ANACONDA SKINS TO OSTRICH SKELETONS -- BUT SOMEONE' S TRYING TO TRASH THE BUSINESS! Cody Chang's San Francisco store could be considered creepy -- Skin & Bones sells animal skulls, fish skeletons, reptile skins, and more. Business is booming, but when Frank and Joe visit the shop, Cody tells them he's been the victim of a string of burglaries, computer thefts, and threatening messages. The Hardys immediately pinpoint a suspect -- a criminal who was once caught in a sting by Cody's father, a policeman. Now there's danger everywhere for Frank and Joe -- from a cable car accident to the dense redwood forests of Muir Woods to the foggy, ice-cold waters off Alcatraz. The brothers are running hard and thinking fast -- up against a smart, desperate enemy ready to skin them alive! SKIN & BONES
 id : 170 ISBN : 0671504282  | name : Law of the Jungle  |  description : Frank and Joe are bound for the dangerous jungles of Borneo. Following a cryptic map sent to them by their father, the boys make a terrifying discovery--international killers have injected Fenton Hardy with a fatal dose of anthax-B, and they only have seven days to find the cure.
 id : 171 ISBN : 0399138684  | name : The Cat who Came to Breakfast  |  description : When a cabin cruiser mysteriously explodes in the marina of Breakfast Island, newspaper reporter Jim Qwilleran and his feline companions investigate shady happenings at the hot vacation spot. 125,000 first printing.
 id : 172 ISBN : 0785263292  | name : If Singleness Is a Gift, What's the Return Policy?  |  description : Invites readers to view single life as an opportunity to take advantage of unique possibilities and to discover their God-ordained purpose, offering advice on how to avoid putting one's life on hold while waiting for a mate and live each day to the fullest. Original.
 id : 173 ISBN : 0830714014  | name : Always Daddy's Girl  |  description : Explains how the relationship with fathers has an impact upon daughters throughout life.
 id : 174 ISBN : 0345354931  | name : Night Mare  |  description : The danger to Xanth was so great that only a night mare could offer hope! The Nextwave of barbarian warriors was invading Xanth from the north, ravaging and destroying as they advanced. But Mare Imbrium had her own problems. Ever since she had gained the half soul, the night mare had begun to mishandle her job of delivering bad dreams. Now the night Stallion dismissed her, exiling her to the day world with a message for King Trent: Beware the Horseman! She had no idea what that meant. But that was the way with prophetic warnings—nobody could understand them until it was too late. Then she met the Horseman. And she discovered that one who would right a night mare was a master of a bit and spur, and not a man to surrender her. For the night mare, it all began to be a horrible nightmare!
 id : 179 ISBN : 3257208626  | name : Fahrenheit 451[vierhunderteinundfünfzig]  |  description : 'Fahrenheit 451' ist die Temperatur, bei der "Bücherpapier Feuer fängt und verbrennt". In Ray Bradburys Zukunftsvision ist die Feuerwehr nicht mehr mit Wasserspritzen ausgerüstet, sondern mit Flammenwerfern, die genau diesen Hitzegrad erzeugen, um die letzten Zeugnisse individualistischen Denkens - die Bücher - zu vernichten. Da -beginnt der Feuerwehrmann Guy Montag, sich Fragen zu stellen... Die beängstigende Geschichte von einer Welt, in der das Bücherlesen mit Gefängnis und Tod bestraft wird, ist ein zeitloses Plädoyer für das freie Denken.
 id : 187 ISBN : 3257233051  | name : Veronika beschliesst zu sterben  |  description : Die Geschichte einer unglücklichen jungen Frau, die sterben will und erst angesichts des Todes entdeckt, wie schön das Leben sein kann, wenn man darum kämpft und etwas riskiert. Ein wunderbares Buch über die Prise 'Verrücktheit', die es braucht, um den eigenen Lebenstraum Wirklichkeit werden zu lassen, und eine große Liebeserklärung an das Glück in jedem von uns.
 id : 190 ISBN : 3423241489  | name : Ist mein Hintern wirklich so dick?  |  description : Jacqueline er en dygtig 35-årig kvinde, som passer sit job som konferenceplanlægger i London med stor succes. Men i sin dagbog afslører hun galgenhumoristisk sit rædselsfulde mindreværdskompleks og sin absolut skæve selvopfattelse
 id : 193 ISBN : 3462021095  | name : Schwarzer Tee mit drei Stück Zucker  |  description : Eine junge Türkin, die hochschwanger in einem dt. Krankenhaus liegt, erinnert sich an ihre frühe Kindheit in Anatolien und an ihre Jugend in Westdeutschland.
 id : 194 ISBN : 3492045642  | name : Querschüsse  |  description : Bissig und schonungslos nimmt der Dokumentarfilmer und Schriftsteller alles aufs Korn, was den äStupid white menä heilig ist - die höchsten Regierungsämter, die Moral der amerikanischen Gesellschaft und vor allem die Grosskonzerne.
 id : 195 ISBN : 3498020862  | name : Die Korrekturen  |  description : Im Mittelpunkt steht die Familie Lambert. Enid Lambert sehnt sich nach einem letzten Weihnachtsfest mit ihren erwachsenen Kindern und ihrem an Parkinson erkrankten Mann bei sich in St. Jude. Doch die Kinder tun sich schwer, ihr diesen Wunsch zu gewähren.
 id : 198 ISBN : 3518111000  | name : Ulysses  |  description : Mit den Mitteln moderner Tiefenpsycholgie gestaltete Erlebnisse, Handlungen, Gespräche, Gedanken und Träume eines Durchschnittsmenschen während eines Tages in Dublin. SW: Psychologischer Roman.
 id : 201 ISBN : 3596292646  | name : Das Buch der lächerlichen Liebe  |  description : Die im 'Buch der lächerlichen Liebe' versammelten Erzählungen sind noch in den sechziger Jahren in Prag entstanden. In seinen Erzählungen spannt Kundera die komischsten Paare zusammen, die schließlich in grotesken Situationen die Absurdität unserer Beziehungen erkennen müssen.
 id : 202 ISBN : 0060977493  | name : The God of Small Things  |  description : The story of the tragic decline of an Indian family whose members suffer the terrible consequences of forbidden love, The God of Small Things is set in the state of Kerala, on the southernmost tip of India. Armed only with the invincible innocence of children, the twins Rahel and Esthappen fashion a childhood for themselves in the shade of the wreck that is their family -- their lonely, lovely mother, Ammu (who loves by night the man her children love by day), their blind grandmother, Mammachi (who plays Handel on her violin), their beloved uncle Chacko (Rhodes scholar, pickle baron, radical Marxist, bottom-pincher), their enemy, Baby Kochamma (ex-nun and incumbent grandaunt), and the ghost of an imperial entomologist's moth (with unusually dense dorsal tufts). When their English cousin and her mother arrive on a Christmas visit, the twins learn that Things Can Change in a Day. That lives can twist into new, ugly shapes, even cease forever. The brilliantly plotted story uncoils with an agonizing sense of foreboding and inevitability. Yet nothing prepares you for what lies at the heart of it.
 id : 203 ISBN : 0312872682  | name : The James Dean Affair  |  description : Spring/Summer 2000
 id : 205 ISBN : 0316693006  | name : Four Blind Mice  |  description : Alex Cross is plunged into a case where military codes of honor conceal dark currents of revenge and ambition, and the men controlling the moves have the best weapons and training the world can offer.
 id : 206 ISBN : 0345311396  | name : Private Screening  |  description : "Thrilling.... PRIVATE SCREENING succeeds on all counts. It's a footrace of a read, daring you to put it down." ATLANTA JOURNAL & CONSTITUTION The nation is stunned silent when presidential hopeful James Kilcannon is shot dead in front of his rock-star girlfriend Stacy Tarrant. Fiercely independent attorney Tony Lord dares to defend the shooter, but the already bizarre plot takes another twist. As America watches, a mysterious and ruthless figure, known only as Phoenix, takes to the airwaves-- and takes the wife of a wealthy newspaper mogul and Stacy's manager as his hostages. Phoenix mounts a televised trial of his own--in which Stacy Tarrant and Tony Lord are helpless defendents, millions of viewers are jurors, and--unless his chilling demands are met--Pheonix is the unstoppable executioner....
 id : 207 ISBN : 0345378490  | name : Congo  |  description : Armed with the latest gifts of advanced technology, a California scientist, a ruthless corporation agent, and a mercenary hunter face the dangers of the Congo jungle in search of the diamonds of the lost city of Zinj
 id : 208 ISBN : 0345404793  | name : Protect and Defend  |  description : On a cold day in January President Kerry Kilcannon takes the oath of office-- and within days makes his first, most important move: appointing a new Chief Justice of the Supreme Court. Kilcannon's choice is a female judge with a brilliant record. And a secret. While the Senate spars over Caroline Masters' nomination, an inflammatory abortion rights case is making its way toward the judge--and will explode into the headlines. Suddenly, the most divisive issue in America turns the President's nomination into all-out war. And from Judge Masters to a conservative, war-hero senator facing a crisis of conscience and a fifteen-year-old girl battling for her future, no one will be safe. Protect and Defend takes us on a riveting journey between what is legal, what is right . . . and the price of finally knowing the difference.
 id : 209 ISBN : 0345433173  | name : The Tall Pine Polka  |  description : When a Hollywood movie crew shows up in Tall Pine, Minnesota, two friends find their relationship tested as one of them lands a major part in the film and both fall for the same man. Tour.
 id : 210 ISBN : 0375400117  | name : Memoirs of a Geisha  |  description : "Captivating, minutely imagined . . . a novel that refuses to stay shut" ("Newsweek"), "Memoirs of a Geisha" is now released in a movie tie-in edition.
 id : 211 ISBN : 0375705856  | name : Plainsong  |  description : National Book Award Finalist A heartstrong story of family and romance, tribulation and tenacity, set on the High Plains east of Denver. In the small town of Holt, Colorado, a high school teacher is confronted with raising his two boys alone after their mother retreats first to the bedroom, then altogether. A teenage girl—her father long since disappeared, her mother unwilling to have her in the house—is pregnant, alone herself, with nowhere to go. And out in the country, two brothers, elderly bachelors, work the family homestead, the only world they've ever known. From these unsettled lives emerges a vision of life, and of the town and landscape that bind them together—their fates somehow overcoming the powerful circumstances of place and station, their confusion, curiosity, dignity and humor intact and resonant. As the milieu widens to embrace fully four generations, Kent Haruf displays an emotional and aesthetic authority to rival the past masters of a classic American tradition.
 id : 212 ISBN : 0380717018  | name : Body of Evidence  |  description : Pop-up paper sculptures for each letter celebrate the Christmas season.
 id : 213 ISBN : 0380718332  | name : All That Remains  |  description : Dr. Kay Scarpetta is up against a serial killer who targets young lovers. Four couples have disappeared, only to turn up dead months afterward...Now a fifth pair is missing, and the mother of the girl is a powerhouse recently named by the president to head his war on drugs.
 id : 214 ISBN : 0380754509  | name : The Case of the Lost Lookalike  |  description : While spending part of the summer at picturesque Magic Lake, twelve-year-old Flee Jay and her competitive bright younger sister become involved with a hermit, vandalism, and a forty-year-old mystery concerning a kidnapped child.
 id : 215 ISBN : 038076654X  | name : Petals on the River  |  description : The fiery and outspoken adopted daughter of one of England's most formidable women, Shemaine O'Hearn has made powerful enemies. And now her adversaries have found a way to remove the hot-blooded beauty from her life of privilege: by falsely convicting Shemaine of thievery and sending her in shackles to America, where she is to be sold in indentured servitude to the highest bidder. In a bustling port city in the colony of Virginia, she becomes the servant of Gage Thornton-a shipbuilder with a young child in need of a nanny. And despite whispered rumors condemning the handsome widower for the untimely death of his wife, Shemaine cannot ignore her desire for this caring, generous and enigmatic stranger who silently aches with his growing need for her-even as grave peril reaches out from across a vast ocean to threaten their flowering love. A proud and spirited woman whose life was stolen from her. . .A man of secrets accused of a terrible crime. . .In a place of new beginnings their destinies are joined--in a gloriously romantic new work from the incomparable storyteller. In an era of treacherous uncertainties, Shemaine O'Hearn--the fiery and outspoken daughter of one of England's most successful businessmen--has made powerful enemies. And those who wish her ill have found a way to remove the hot-blooded beauty from her life of privilege--falsely convicting her of thievery and forcing her in shackles aboard a crowded slave ship bound for America, where she is to be sold in indentured servitude to the highest bidder. In a bustling port city in the colony of Virginia, Shemaine becomes the servant of Gage Thorton--a shipbuilder with a young child in need of a nanny. In a rustic cabin in the woods, far from the whispered rumors that cruelly condemn the handsome widower for the untimely death of his wife, Shemaine cannot ignore her desire for this caring, generous and enigmatic man who silently aches with his growing need for her--even as a grave peril reaches out from across a vast ocean to invade their new life and threaten their flowering love.
 id : 217 ISBN : 0385316895  | name : Legacy of Silence  |  description : Two sisters separated by adoption and a romantic betrayal emigrate to America from Berlin after their parents fall victim to the Nazis
 id : 218 ISBN : 0385497466  | name : The Brethren  |  description : #1 NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER • They call themselves the Brethren: three disgraced former judges doing time in a Florida federal prison. One was sent up for tax evasion. Another, for skimming bingo profits. The third for a career-ending drunken joyride. Meeting daily in the prison law library, taking exercise walks in their boxer shorts, these judges-turned-felons can reminisce about old court cases, dispense a little jailhouse justice, and contemplate where their lives went wrong. Or they can use their time in prison to get very rich—very fast. And so they sit, sprawled in the prison library, furiously writing letters, fine-tuning a wickedly brilliant extortion scam—while events outside their prison walls begin to erupt. A bizarre presidential election is holding the nation in its grips, and a powerful government figure is pulling some very hidden strings. For the Brethren, the timing couldn’t be better. Because they’ve just found the perfect victim.
 id : 219 ISBN : 0385508042  | name : The King of Torts  |  description : The author of such best-selling legal thrillers as The Summons and The Brethren presents his latest novel of courtroom and legal suspense. 2,500,000 first printing. $2,500,000 ad/promo.
 id : 220 ISBN : 0385509456  | name : The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-time  |  description : Despite his overwhelming fear of interacting with people, Christopher, a mathematically-gifted, autistic fifteen-year-old boy, decides to investigate the murder of a neighbor's dog and uncovers secret information about his mother.
 id : 221 ISBN : 0385511612  | name : Bleachers  |  description : #1 NEW YORK TIMES BEST SELLER • High school all-American Neely Crenshaw was probably the best quarterback ever to play for the legendary Messina Spartans. Fifteen years have gone by since those glory days, and Neely has come home to Messina to bury Coach Eddie Rake, the man who molded the Spartans into an unbeatable football dynasty. Now, as Coach Rake’s “boys” sit in the bleachers waiting for the dimming field lights to signal his passing, they replay the old games, relive the old glories, and try to decide once and for all whether they love Eddie Rake – or hate him. For Neely Crenshaw, a man who must finally forgive his coach – and himself – before he can get on with his life, the stakes are especially high.
 id : 222 ISBN : 0385730586  | name : The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants  |  description : During their first summer apart, four teenage girls, best friends since earliest childhood, stay in touch through a shared pair of secondhand jeans that magically adapts to each of their figures and affects their attitudes to their different summer experiences.
 id : 223 ISBN : 0425164403  | name : Only Love  |  description : Matthew Hiller finds himself caught in the middle among his Hippocratic oath, his past, and a potential future with a beautiful but terminally ill woman married to another man
 id : 224 ISBN : 0440234964  | name : All or Nothing  |  description : With the flair for sizzling romantic suspense that has made her books international bestsellers, Elizabeth Adler, whose work has been hailed by critics as "mesmerizing" Internet Bookwatch, "exhilarating" Publishers Weekly, and "sensuous" Kirkus Reviews, is at the top of her form with her latest novel, All or Nothing. Lithe, leggy attorney and law professor Marla Cwitowitz is dying for some excitement in her life--that is, other than being the girlfriend of Al Giraud, private detective, sexy soul mate, and all-around best friend. So when she sees the potential for a crime-solving spree, she jumps at the chance to moonlight as a detective. According to the evening news, local real estate agent Laurie Martin is missing and presumed dead. Marla and Al happened to have seen her dining with an attractive man several days before her disappearance. The man is Steve Mallard, loyal husband, doting father, and prime suspect. But Marla senses that something is not quite right. And her intuition has never let her down. Believing that there's more to the story than meets the eye, she takes matters into her own hands, vowing to get to the bottom of what's beginning to look like a very complex case. Al wants Marla to stay out of the way, fearing for her safety. He knows what's involved in detective work, and he's not sure she can hold her own as an investigator. But she won't be warned off this case. Their relationship has never been more fraught with complications--or sexual sizzle. With little warning or preparation, the two find themselves crisscrossing the United States in frantic pursuit of a remorseless criminal in an effort to prove Mallard's innocence. Finally Marla's found the excitement she's been looking for. With her, it's always been all or nothing.
 id : 228 ISBN : 0449911004  | name : Patty Jane's House of Curl  |  description : Patty Jane Dobbin should have known better than to marry a man as gorgeous as Thor Rolvaag, but she was too smitten to think twice. Yet nine months into their marriage, with a baby on the way, Thor is gone. It’s a good thing Patty Jane has her irrepressible sister, Harriet, to rely on. For it’s been said that a fine haircut can cure any number of ills, and before long the Minnesota sisters have opened a neighborhood beauty parlor complete with live harp music and an endless supply of delicious Norwegian baked goods. It’s a wonderful, warmhearted place where you can count on good friends, lots of laughter, tears, and comfort when you need it—and the unmistakable scent of somebody getting a permanent wave. . . .
 id : 230 ISBN : 0451186648  | name : Silent Snow  |  description : Twin Cities investigative reporter Rick Beanblossom's family becomes the target of a terrifying copycat crime on the anniversary of the 1932 Lindberg kidnapping. Reprint.
 id : 231 ISBN : 0452282152  | name : Girl with a Pearl Earring  |  description : A poor seventeenth-century servant girl knows her place in the household of the painter Johannes Vermeer, but when he begins to paint her, nasty whispers and rumors circulate throughout the town. Reissue. (A Lions Gate Films production, releasing November 2003, starring Colin Firth & Scarlett Johannson) (Historical Fiction)
 id : 233 ISBN : 0553580388  | name : The Patient  |  description : Blackmailed by a master assassin to agree to perform life-saving surgery on the killer, famous neurosurgeon Jesse Copeland struggles with the choice between saving a terrorist's life or the lives of those he threatens. Reprint.
 id : 234 ISBN : 0590598848  | name : Demona's Revenge  |  description : A vengeful Gargoyle tries to destroy the clan's only human friend, Elisa, a night-shift detective for the New York Police Department. 8-page color insert.
 id : 235 ISBN : 0590629719  | name : Clifford's Sports Day  |  description : Clifford's enthusiasm knows no limits when Emily Elizabeth takes her big red dog to Sports Day.
 id : 237 ISBN : 0671027387  | name : Deception Point  |  description : A shocking scientific discovery. A conspiracy of staggering brilliance. A thriller unlike any you've ever read.... When a NASA satellite discovers an astonishingly rare object buried deep in the Arctic ice, the floundering space agency proclaims a much-needed victory -- a victory with profound implications for NASA policy and the impending presidential election. To verify the authenticity of the find, the White House calls upon the skills of intelligence analyst Rachel Sexton. Accompanied by a team of experts, including the charismatic scholar Michael Tolland, Rachel travels to the Arctic and uncovers the unthinkable: evidence of scientific trickery -- a bold deception that threatens to plunge the world into controversy. But before she can warn the President, Rachel and Michael are ambushed by a deadly team of assassins. Fleeing for their lives across a desolate and lethal landscape, their only hope for survival is to discover who is behind this masterful plot. The truth, they will learn, is the most shocking deception of all.
 id : 238 ISBN : 0684848783  | name : Tis  |  description : The #1 New York Times bestselling sequel to the beloved Pulitzer Prize-winning classic memoir, Angela’s Ashes, about McCourt’s coming of age as an immigrant in America. Frank McCourt's glorious childhood memoir, Angela's Ashes, has been loved and celebrated by readers everywhere for its spirit, its wit and its profound humanity. A tale of redemption, in which storytelling itself is the source of salvation, it won the National Book Critics Circle Award, the Los Angeles Times Book Award and the Pulitzer Prize. Rarely has a book so swiftly found its place on the literary landscape. And now we have 'Tis, the story of Frank's American journey from impoverished immigrant to brilliant teacher and raconteur. Frank lands in New York at age nineteen, in the company of a priest he meets on the boat. He gets a job at the Biltmore Hotel, where he immediately encounters the vivid hierarchies of this "classless country," and then is drafted into the army and is sent to Germany to train dogs and type reports. It is Frank's incomparable voice -- his uncanny humor and his astonishing ear for dialogue -- that renders these experiences spellbinding. When Frank returns to America in 1953, he works on the docks, always resisting what everyone tells him, that men and women who have dreamed and toiled for years to get to America should "stick to their own kind" once they arrive. Somehow, Frank knows that he should be getting an education, and though he left school at fourteen, he talks his way into New York University. There, he falls in love with the quintessential Yankee, long-legged and blonde, and tries to live his dream. But it is not until he starts to teach -- and to write -- that Frank finds his place in the world. The same vulnerable but invincible spirit that captured the hearts of readers in Angela's Ashes comes of age. As Malcolm Jones said in his Newsweek review of Angela's Ashes, "It is only the best storyteller who can so beguile his readers that he leaves them wanting more when he is done...and McCourt proves himself one of the very best." Frank McCourt's 'Tis is one of the most eagerly awaited books of our time, and it is a masterpiece.
 id : 240 ISBN : 0786863986  | name : A Monk Swimming  |  description : The author offers a memoir of life in New York City during the freewheeling 1960s, detailing his quest for fame and fortune, family life, battle with alcoholism, and reunion with his long-estranged father
 id : 243 ISBN : 140003180X  | name : The Kalahari Typing School for Men  |  description : Fans around the world adore the bestselling No. 1 Ladies’ Detective Agency series and its proprietor, Precious Ramotswe, Botswana’s premier lady detective. In this charming series, Mma Ramotswe—with help from her loyal associate, Grace Makutsi—navigates her cases and her personal life with wisdom, good humor, and the occasional cup of tea. Mma Precious Ramotswe is content. Her business is well established with many satisfied customers, and in her mid-thirties (“the finest age to be”) she has a house, two adopted children, a fine fiancé. But, as always, there are troubles. Mr. J.L.B. Matekoni has not set the date for their marriage. Her able assistant, Mma Makutsi, wants a husband. And worse, a rival detective agency has opened in town—an agency that does not have the gentle approach to business that Mma Ramotswe’s does. But, of course, Precious will manage these things, as she always does, with her uncanny insight and her good heart.
 id : 246 ISBN : 0151008116  | name : Life of Pi  |  description : Possessing encyclopedia-like intelligence, unusual zookeeper's son Pi Patel sets sail for America, but when the ship sinks, he escapes on a life boat and is lost at sea with a dwindling number of animals until only he and a hungry Bengal tiger remain. 40,000 first printing.
 id : 248 ISBN : 0525947647  | name : Lies (and the Lying Liars who Tell Them)  |  description : Offers a whimsical critique of the Right, exposing their deceptive practices, challenging conceptions about the media's liberal bias, and identifying inconsistencies in the Bush administration.
 id : 249 ISBN : 0804111359  | name : The Secret History  |  description : Richard Papen, a relatively impoverished student at a New England college, falls in with an exclusive clique of rich, worldly Greek scholars and soon learns the dreadful secret that keeps them together. Reissue.
 id : 252 ISBN : 0316782505  | name : The Weight of Water  |  description : While investigating a century-old crime of passion on an island off New Hampshire, Jean becomes fixated on the case and begins to project this knowledge on her own marriage, believing that her husband is unfaithful, causing unrealized and dangerous emotions to surface. Reprint.
 id : 253 ISBN : 006102063X  | name : Moving Pictures  |  description : Discworld's pesky alchemists are up to their old tricks again. This time, they've discovered how to get gold from silver -- the silver screen that is. Hearing the siren call of Holy Wood is one Victor Tugelbend, a would-be wizard turned extra. He can't sing, he can't dance, but he can handle a sword (sort of), and now he wants to be a star. So does Theda Withel, an ambitious ingénue from a little town (where else?) you've probably never heard of. But the click click of moving pictures isn't just stirring up dreams inside Discworld. Holy Wood's magic is drifting out into the boundaries of the universes, where raw realities, the could-have-beens, the might-bes, the never-weres, the wild ideas are beginning to ferment into a really stinky brew. It's up to Victor and Gaspode the Wonder Dog (a star if ever one was born!) to rein in the chaos and bring order back to a starstruck Discworld. And they're definitely not ready for their close-up!
 id : 254 ISBN : 0060013117  | name : Night Watch  |  description : This morning, Commander Vimes of the City Watch had it all. He was a Duke. He was rich. He was respected. He had a silver cigar case. He was about to become a father. This morning he thought longingly about the good old days. Tonight, he's in them. Flung back in time by a mysterious accident, Sam Vimes has to start all over again. He must get a new name and a job, and there's only one job he's good at: cop in the Watch. He must track down a brutal murderer. He must find his younger self and teach him everything he knows. He must whip the cowardly, despised Night Watch into a crack fighting force -- fast. Because Sam Vimes knows what's going to happen. He remembers it. He was there. It's part of history. And you can't change history . . . But Sam is going to. He has no choice. Otherwise, a bloody revolution will start, and good men will die. Sam saw their names on old headstones just this morning -- but tonight they're young men who think they have a future. And rather than let them die, Sam will do anything -- turn traitor, burn buildings, take over a revolt, anything -- to snatch them from the jaws of history. He will do it even if victory will mean giving up the only future he knows. For if he succeeds, he's got no wife, no child, no riches, no fame -- all that will simply vanish. But if he doesn't try, he wouldn't be Sam Vimes. And so the battle is on. He knows how it's going to end; after all, he was there. His name is on one of those headstones. But that's just a minor detail . . .
 id : 255 ISBN : 0060199563  | name : Thief of Time  |  description : It was only a matter of time before Terry Pratchett would win the minds and hearts of America. Already a worldwide sensation and Great Britain's indisputable number one author, this intellectually audacious and effortlessly hilarious writer sold more hardcover books in the United Kingdom during the previous decade than any other living novelist. His novels have reigned supreme on English bestseller lists since before the Iron Lady left Downing Street, and though some things have changed since then, Pratchett, thankfully, continues to pen insightfully irreverent tales set in a world a lot like our own -- only different. Celebrated as one of the keenest practitioners of satire and parody at work today -- alongside Kurt Vonnegut, Douglas Adams, and Carl Hiaasen -- Terry Pratchett commands a loyal and ever-increasing number of readers and appreciative critics from coast to coast in our own country. As he skewers all aspects of modern life -- and especially our sacred cows -- Pratchett makes us laugh and challenges us to think. And he's at his sharpest, most uproarious best in Thief of Time. Everybody wants more time, which is why on Discworld its management is entrusted to the experts: the venerable Monks of History, who store it and pump it from where it's wasted, like underwater (after all, how much time does a codfish really need?) to places like cities, where harried citizens are forever lamenting, "Oh where does the time go?" And while everyone always talks about slowing down, one clever soul is about to stop. Stop time, that is. For good. Going against everything known (and the nine tenths of everything that remains unknown), a young horologist has been commissioned to build the world's first truly accurate clock. It falls to History Monk Lu-Tze and his apprentice Lobsang Ludd to find the timepiece and stop it before it starts. For if the Perfect Clock starts ticking, Time -- as we know it -- will stop. And then the trouble will really begin. A superb send-up of science and philosophy, religion and death (after all, isn't that where time stops, for most of us, anyway?), and a host of other timely topics, Thief of Time provides the perfect opportunity to kick back and unwind. So don't put off till tomorrow what you could do today. Read Thief of Time. Right this minute. Because tomorrow may not come. (You'll have to read the book to find out why. This is a Terry Pratchett novel, after all.) Tick ...
 id : 256 ISBN : 006052779X  | name : Charlotte's Web Book and Charm  |  description : Some Pig These are the words in Charlotte's web, high in the barn. Her spiderweb tells of her feelings for a little pig named Wilbur, as well as the feelings of a little girl named Fern ... who loves Wilbur, too. Their love has been shared by millions of readers.
 id : 257 ISBN : 0060563079  | name : Peter Pan: The Original Story  |  description : The adventures of the three Darling children in Never-Never Land with Peter Pan, the boy who would not grow up.
 id : 260 ISBN : 0061050474  | name : Jingo  |  description : Something new has come up between the Discworld's ancient rival cites of Ankh-Morpork and Al-Khali. Literally It's up island, rising out of Discworld's sea, uninhabited and claimed by both cities. Under International Law this situation clearly falls under the ancient doctrine of Acquiris Quodcumque Rapis ("You Get What You Grab"). And everyone wants to grab. Besides, the Al-Khalians may have invented algebra, astronomy and alcohol, but hey don't have a word for lawyer, and how can you talk to people like that? Since there's no basis for negotiation, it's down to the long-suffering Commander Vimes of the City Watch to deal with a crime as awful that there's no law against it. It's called war. Ankh-Morpork has been at peace for a century, and so has Al-Khali. But now there are people on both sides who think it's time to give was a chance, and will happily help it on its way with a few murders... Modern war needs modern weapons. Unfortunately, Ankh-Morpork got rich making and selling them to Al-Khali. But it's just possible that salvation lies in the hands of the great inventive genius Leonard of Quirm, whose sketchbooks are filled with devices for killing people, flying through the air, and weighing cheese. Maybe it's in his boat tat travels under water--Leonard calls it a "Going Under-The-Water-Safely Device", or "metal sinking fish thing" for short. (Just because he's an inventor doesn't mean he's good at naming stuff.) But this is carrying something else--a device that so powerful that it can finish any war. But don't be alarmed. It's fantasy. It all happens on Discworld, where greed and ignorance influence human behavior, politicians pursue was for selfish ends, and perfectly ordinary people occasionally act like raving idiots. A world, in short, totally unlike our own.
 id : 261 ISBN : 0061052515  | name : Maskerade  |  description : It's true, there's a ghost in the Opera House of Ankh Morpork. Sardonic, flamboyant and, well, ghostly, it wears a bone-white Mask and terrorizes the entire company, including the immortal Enrico Basilica, who eats continuously even when he's singing. Mostly spaghetti with tomato sauce. What better way to flush out a ghost than with a witch? Or even two! And Granny Weatherwax and Nanny Ogg happen to be in Discworld's capital city trying to recruit a third (since three witches make a coven, and two make only an argument). Enter the Opera's newest diva, the alarmingly fetching Perdita X. Nitt, who has such an astonishing range that she can sing harmony with herself, and is so agreeably large that she hangs out with the elephants in the cellar. They say that inside every fat women there's a thin woman struggling to get out (or at least dying for chocolate). In Perdita's case, the thin woman is more ambitious, since she would also dearly love to be a witch. Beginning to get the picture? One would hope so. For this isn't cheese. It's opera, which runs on a Catastrophe Curve. And to further complicate matters, there is a backstage cat named Greebo who occasionally becomes a person just because it's so easy. Not to mention Granny Weatherwax's old friend, Death, whose scythe arm is sore from so much use. And who has been known to don a Mask...
 id : 262 ISBN : 0061052523  | name : Interesting Times  |  description : Murder and mayhem in Discworld! The funniest writer in fantasy strikes again with a witty and rollicking tale of golems, invisible killers and hapless security officers.
 id : 263 ISBN : 0064472264  | name : On the Bright Side, I'm Now the Girlfriend of a Sex God  |  description : Georgia Nicolson has started dating the Sex God (aka Robbie). So life should be perfect . . . except in Georgia's life, nothing is ever perfect. Her cat, Angus (the size of a small Labrador), is terrorizing the neighborhood. Her sister, Libby (who is slightly mad), hides her pooey knickers at the bottom of Georgia's bed. Then the Sex God breaks it off because she's too young. It's time for a plan. It's time for a Red Herring. It's time for Georgia to become a "heartless boy magnet!"
 id : 264 ISBN : 0140620664  | name : Mansfield Park  |  description : Begun in 1811 at the height of Jane Austen's writing powers and published in 1814, Mansfield Park marks a conscious break from the tone of her first three novels, Northanger Abbey, Sense and Sensibility, and Pride and Prejudice, the last of which Austen came to see as "rather too light." Fanny Price is unlike any of Austen's previous heroines, a girl from a poor family brought up in a splendid country house and possessed of a vast reserve of moral fortitude and imperturbability. She is very different from Elizabeth Bennet, but is the product of the same inspired imagination.
 id : 266 ISBN : 0312156960  | name : The Winter King  |  description : It takes a remarkable writer to make an old story as fresh and compelling as the first time we heard it. With The Winter King, the first volume of his magnificent Warlord Chronicles, Bernard Cornwell finally turns to the story he was born to write: the mythic saga of King Arthur. The tale begins in Dark Age Britain, a land where Arthur has been banished and Merlin has disappeared, where a child-king sits unprotected on the throne, where religion vies with magic for the souls of the people. It is to this desperate land that Arthur returns, a man at once utterly human and truly heroic: a man of honor, loyalty, and amazing valor; a man who loves Guinevere more passionately than he should; a man whose life is at once tragic and triumphant. As Arthur fights to keep a flicker of civilization alive in a barbaric world, Bernard Cornwell makes a familiar tale into a legend all over again.
 id : 267 ISBN : 0312890044  | name : Moonheart  |  description : When Sara and Jamie discovered the seemingly ordinary artifacts, they sensed the pull of a dim and distant place. A world of mists and forests, of ancient magics, mythical beings, ageless bards...and restless evil. Now, with their friends and enemies alike--Blue, the biker; Keiran, the folk musician; the Inspector from the RCMP; and the mysterious Tom Hengyr--Sara and Jamie are drawn into this enchanted land through the portals of Tamson House, that sprawling downtown edifice that straddles two worlds. Sweeping from ancient Wales to the streets of Ottawa today, Moonheart will entrance you with its tale of this world and the other one at the very edge of sight...and the unforgettable people caught up in the affairs of both. A tale of music, and motorcycles, and fey folk beyond the shadows of the moon. A tale of true magic; the tale of Moonheart.
 id : 268 ISBN : 034543191X  | name : The King of Elfland's Daughter  |  description : “No amount of mere description can convey more than a fraction of Lord Dunsany's pervasive charm.”—H.P. Lovecraft With an introduction by Neil Gaiman The poetic style and sweeping grandeur of The King of Elfland's Daughter has made it one of the most beloved fantasy novels of our time, a masterpiece that influenced some of the greatest contemporary fantasists. The heartbreaking story of a marriage between a mortal man and an elf princess is a masterful tapestry of the fairy tale following the “happily ever after.” Praise for The King of Elfland's Daughter “We find that he has but tranfigured with beauty the common sights of the world.”—William Butler Yeats “I shall indeed be happy if this volume contributes to the rediscovery of one of the greatest writers of this century.”—Arthur C. Clarke “Del Rey is to be thanked for bringing these works back into print. No one can understand modern fantasy without understanding its roots, and Lord Dunsany's work is immediately significant as well as enjoyable even today.”—Katharine Kerr “A fantasy novel in a class with the Tolkien books.”—L. Sprague de Camp
 id : 269 ISBN : 0373836023  | name : Powder And Patch  |  description : When Cleone Charteris returns from finishing school, she is determined to find a sophisticated, aristocratic husband, but her childhood friend, Philip Jettan, has other plans for the lovely lady as he launches an amorous campaign to win her hand in marriage. Reprint.
 id : 271 ISBN : 0375801677  | name : The Iron Giant  |  description : The fearsome iron giant becomes a hero when he challenges a huge space monster.
 id : 272 ISBN : 0375814248  | name : James and the Giant Peach  |  description : A young boy escapes from two wicked aunts and embarks on a series of adventures with six giant insects he meets inside a giant peach.
 id : 273 ISBN : 0375823352  | name : His Dark Materials: The Amber Spyglass (Book 3)  |  description : HIS DARK MATERIALS IS NOW AN HBO ORIGINAL SERIES STARRING DAFNE KEEN, RUTH WILSON, ANDREW SCOTT, AND LIN-MANUEL MIRANDA! The unforgettable His Dark Materials trilogy that began with The Golden Compass and continued with The Subtle Knife, reaches its astonishing conclusion in The Amber Spyglass. These modern fantasy classics have been hailed by Entertainment Weekly as an "All-Time Greatest Novel" and Newsweek as a "Top 100 Book of All Time" Throughout the worlds, the forces of both heaven and hell are mustering to take part in Lord Asriel's audacious rebellion. Each player in this epic drama has a role to play—and a sacrifice to make. Witches, angels, spies, assassins, tempters, and pretenders, no one will remain unscathed. Lyra and Will have the most dangerous task of all. They must journey to a gray-lit world where no living soul has ever gone and from which there is no escape. As war rages and Dust drains from the sky, the fate of the living—and the dead—comes to depend on Lyra and Will. On the choices they make in love, and for love, forevermore. A #1 New York Times Bestseller Winner of the Whitbread Award Winner of the British Book Award (Children's) Published in 40 Countries "Masterful.... This title confirms Pullman's inclusion in the company of C.S. Lewis and Tolkien." —Smithsonian Magazine "Pullman has created the last great fantasy masterpiece of the twentieth century. An astounding achievement." —The Cincinnati Enquirer "War, politics, magic, science, individual lives and cosmic destinies are all here . . . shaped and assembled into a narrative of tremendous pace by a man with a generous, precise intelligence. I am completely enchanted." —The New York Times Book Review "Breathtaking adventure . . . a terrific story, eloquently told." —The Boston Globe Don't miss Philip Pullman's epic new trilogy set in the world of His Dark Materials! ** THE BOOK OF DUST ** La Belle Sauvage The Secret Commonwealth
 id : 276 ISBN : 0380730448  | name : Adrian Mole Diaries  |  description : Shares the observations of Adrian Mole, a thirteen-year-old budding intellectual beset with worries about his complexion, his untried sexuality, and his parents's unsteady marriage
 id : 277 ISBN : 0380973839  | name : The Martian Chronicles  |  description : Man, was a a distant shore, and the men spread upon it in wave... Each wave different, and each wave stronger. The Martian Chronicles Ray Bradbury is a storyteller without peer, a poet of the possible, and, indisputably, one of America's most beloved authors. In a much celebrated literary career that has spanned six decades, he has produced an astonishing body of work: unforgettable novels, including Fahrenheit 451 and Something Wicked This Way Comes; essays, theatrical works, screenplays and teleplays; The Illustrated Mein, Dandelion Wine, The October Country, and numerous other superb short story collections. But of all the dazzling stars in the vast Bradbury universe, none shines more luminous than these masterful chronicles of Earth's settlement of the fourth world from the sun. Bradbury's Mars is a place of hope, dreams and metaphor-of crystal pillars and fossil seas-where a fine dust settles on the great, empty cities of a silently destroyed civilization. It is here the invaders have come to despoil and commercialize, to grow and to learn -first a trickle, then a torrent, rushing from a world with no future toward a promise of tomorrow. The Earthman conquers Mars ... and then is conquered by it, lulled by dangerous lies of comfort and familiarity, and enchanted by the lingering glamour of an ancient, mysterious native race. Ray Bradbury's The Martian Chronicles is a classic work of twentieth-century literature whose extraordinary power and imagination remain undimmed by time's passage. In connected, chronological stories, a true grandmaster once again enthralls, delights and challenges us with his vision and his heart-starkly and stunningly exposing in brilliant spacelight our strength, our weakness, our folly, and our poignant humanity on a strange and breathtaking world where humanity does not belong.
 id : 278 ISBN : 0385327773  | name : The Great God Pan  |  description : The author of The Magic Circle offers a romantic and mythological tale about the good-spirited goat and god Pan and his intense love for a human, Princess Iphigenia.
 id : 279 ISBN : 0394586239  | name : Possession  |  description : In 1986 two young English scholars stumble upon a remarkable discovery: a hitherto unsuspected relationship between the Browningesque 19th century poet Randolph Henry Ash, and his contemporary Christabel LaMotte. Their research reveals uncanny parallels with their own lives and culminates in the exhumation of a poet's corpse.
 id : 280 ISBN : 0439510112  | name : Born Confused  |  description : Seventeen-year-old Dimple, whose family is from India, discovers that she is not Indian enough for the Indians and not American enough for the Americans, as she sees her hypnotically beautiful, manipulative best friend taking possession of both her heritage and the boy she likes. Reprint.
 id : 281 ISBN : 0440241413  | name : Confessions of a Shopaholic  |  description : Financial journalist Rebecca Bloomwood seeks solace from the boredom and pressures in life with her shopping, a solution that brings her close to financial disaster, until she encounters a story that will change her life.
 id : 282 ISBN : 0451409256  | name : Making Minty Malone  |  description : After her fiance leaves her at the altar, radio reporter Minty Malone cuts loose and begins a life-changing adventure instead.
 id : 283 ISBN : 0451523415  | name : Little Women  |  description : Jo, Beth, Meg, Amy and their mother endure the hardships of poverty while the girls' father is away fighting in the Civil War
 id : 284 ISBN : 0451526279  | name : Emma (Signet Classic)  |  description : Beschrijving van leven en karakter van een jong, intelligent en zelfbewust meisje uit de gegoede middenstand in Engeland omstreeks 1800.
 id : 285 ISBN : 0451526341  | name : Animal Farm  |  description : 75th Anniversary Edition—Includes a New Introduction by Téa Obreht George Orwell's timeless and timely allegorical novel—a scathing satire on a downtrodden society’s blind march towards totalitarianism. “All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.” A farm is taken over by its overworked, mistreated animals. With flaming idealism and stirring slogans, they set out to create a paradise of progress, justice, and equality. Thus the stage is set for one of the most telling satiric fables ever penned—a razor-edged fairy tale for grown-ups that records the evolution from revolution against tyranny to a totalitarianism just as terrible. When Animal Farm was first published, Stalinist Russia was seen as its target. Today it is devastatingly clear that wherever and whenever freedom is attacked, under whatever banner, the cutting clarity and savage comedy of George Orwell’s masterpiece have a meaning and message still ferociously fresh.
 id : 286 ISBN : 0486415864  | name : Great Expectations  |  description : Dickens' account of the rises and relapses of an orphan whose expectations and ambitions are greatly shaped and transformed by a mysterious benefactor.
 id : 287 ISBN : 0553280589  | name : Eva Luna  |  description : A servant woman relates the tale of her life and of the landowners, emigres, urchins, guerrilla leaders, entertainers, eccentrics, and refugees who instruct and transform her
 id : 288 ISBN : 0571197639  | name : The Poisonwood Bible  |  description : Congo, Democratic Republic - history 1960.
 id : 289 ISBN : 0670035262  | name : The Green Man  |  description : A collection of stories and poems by a variety of authors relating to the Green Man and other myths of the forest.
 id : 290 ISBN : 0679423079  | name : Nicholas Nickleby  |  description : Charles Dickens had an understanding of mid-Victorian society second to none, and genius and energy massive enough to make the absurdities and terrors of that society come alive on the page. Nicholas Nickleby, with its episodes of chicanery in finance and education, and the dramatic intensity with which it tells the story of its openhearted young protagonist and its frightening villain, the magnificently rendered Ralph Nickleby, represents Dickens at his clear-eyed, indignant, and mesmerizing best. When Nicholas Nickleby is left penniless by the death of his father, he appeals to his Uncle Ralph to help him and his mother and sister. But Ralph conceives a violent hatred of the young man, and his schemes of persecution haunt Nicholas through a series of picaresque adventures, including a job as a tutor at a horrific school for unwanted boys run by the cruel Wackford Squeers and a stint as a member of the eccentric Crummles family theater troupe. Without shying away from the grimmer aspects of the world Nicholas encounters on his path to eventual happiness, the story remains one of Dickens’s most high-spirited and exuberant. This edition reprints the original Everyman preface by G. K. Chesterton and includes thirty-nine illustrations by Phiz.
 id : 291 ISBN : 0679751343  | name : Angels & Insects  |  description : In these two “astonishing” novellas (The New Yorker), the Booker Prize-winning author of Possession returns to the landscape of Victorian England, where science and spiritualism are popular manias, and domestic decorum coexists with brutality and perversion. "At once quirky and deep, brimming with generosity, imagination, and intelligence." —The New Yorker "delicate and confidently ironic.... Byatt perfectly blends laughter and sympathy [with] extraordinary sensuality" —San Francisco Examiner
 id : 292 ISBN : 0684833395  | name : Catch-22  |  description : Classic Edition of this well known work with an introduction by the author, Joseph Heller.
 id : 295 ISBN : 0749748028  | name : The Folk of the Faraway Tree  |  description : Jo, Bessie and Fanny have a visit from snooty friend Connie. Connie won't believe in the Faraway Tree and the magical people who live there - Moon-face, Silky the fairy and Saucepan Man. There's only one way to prove her wrong - together the children climb the tree, and visit some of the lands at the top of it, like the Land of Secrets and the Land of Treats. And after a few adventures, Connie learns to be a nicer person altogether
 id : 296 ISBN : 0963094424  | name : Angels & Visitations  |  description : A miscellany of fiction, humour, non-fiction, poetry, and artwork, Angels & visitations journeys from science fiction and fantasy shorts to detective stories and meticulously-researched literary works.
 id : 299 ISBN : 1563898586  | name : The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen  |  description : The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen, a group composed of heroes from late nineteenth-century literature, faces a threat from an unknown world which has descended upon London.
 id : 300 ISBN : 156971620X  | name : Harlequin Valentine  |  description : Dark Horse Manga and Harlequin Books are delighted to present a shining new line of books that marry two of the most successful phenomenon to hit bookstores - bestselling Harlequin romance fiction and female-friendly Japanese manga!
 id : 301 ISBN : 1592571301  | name : Alpha Teach Yourself American Sign Language in 24 Hours  |  description : Written by a native signer, this book teaches the basics of American Sign Language through photographs, grouping signs by subjects, and includes nonmanual signals, a history of the language, and an introduction to deaf culture.
 id : 302 ISBN : 0374270325  | name : A Man in Full  |  description : The Bonfire of the Vanities defined an era--and established Tom Wolfe as our prime fictional chronicler of America at its most outrageous and alive. With A Man in Full, the time the setting is Atlanta, Georgia--a racially mixed late-century boomtown full of fresh wealth, avid speculators, and worldly-wise politicians. Big men. Big money. Big games. Big libidos. Big trouble. The protagonist is Charles Croker, once a college football star, now a late-middle-aged Atlanta real-estate entrepreneur turned conglomerate king, whose expansionist ambitions and outsize ego have at last hit up against reality. Charlie has a 28,000-acre quail-shooting plantation, a young and demanding second wife--and a half-empty office tower with a staggering load of debt. When star running back Fareek Fanon--the pride of one of Atlanta's grimmest slums--is accused of raping an Atlanta blueblood's daughter, the city's delicate racial balance is shattered overnight. Networks of illegal Asian immigrants crisscrossing the continent, daily life behind bars, shady real-estate syndicates, cast-off first wives of the corporate elite, the racially charged politics of college sports--Wolfe shows us the disparate worlds of contemporary America with all the verve, wit, and insight that have made him our most phenomenal, most admired contemporary novelist. A Man in Full is a 1998 National Book Award Finalist for Fiction.
 id : 304 ISBN : 0440235502  | name : October Sky  |  description : The true story, originally published as Rocket Boys, that inspired the Universal Pictures film. It was 1957, the year Sputnik raced across the Appalachian sky, and the small town of Coalwood, West Virginia, was slowly dying. Faced with an uncertain future, Homer Hickam nurtured a dream: to send rockets into outer space. The introspective son of the mine’s superintendent and a mother determined to get him out of Coalwood forever, Homer fell in with a group of misfits who learned not only how to turn scraps of metal into sophisticated rockets but how to sustain their hope in a town that swallowed its men alive. As the boys began to light up the tarry skies with their flaming projectiles and dreams of glory, Coalwood, and the Hickams, would never be the same.
 id : 305 ISBN : 044023722X  | name : A Painted House  |  description : Racial tension, a forbidden love affair, and murder are seen through the eyes of a seven-year-old boy in a 1950s Southern cotton-farming community.
 id : 306 ISBN : 1573225487  | name : The Romance Reader  |  description : Widely applauded when it was published last year, Pearl Abraham's debut novel The Romance Reader possesses that quality that distinguishes all great fiction—a fresh look at the universal truths that bind us together. Like Chaim Potok, who revealed the Orthodox Jewish world from a young man's perspective in The Chosen, Abraham explores new ground, offering readers a tender story of a young Hasidic woman facing the challenges of growing up and the demands of her religion. Rachel Benjamin is the daughter of a quixotic rabbi who dreams of building a synagogue in the secluded upstate New York bungalow colony where his family now lives. As the rabbi's eldest daughter, Rachel is expected to set an example for her five siblings and for the other girls in the community: she must wear thick opaque tights with seams; she is forbidden to wear a bathing suit in public; and she can never read books in English. But like all young adults, Rachel bristles at the stringent rules set by her family and her religion, rebelling in ways that become increasingly apparent. Whether sneaking sheer nylons in and out of the house or applying for an illicit library card that will allow her access to the romance novels that she loves, Rachel is determined to do things her way. Dreaming of a life that mirrors that of the heroines in her favorite novels, Rachel craves the independence she will never have as a Hasidic woman in an arranged marriage. And yet, as her impending marriage draws inevitably nearer, the pulls of family and faith weigh against the frightening and unknown world beyond her own. This coming-of-age tale is both unusual and familiar—an intriguing, heartfelt look at the power of family and religion in the Hasidic community and the universal desire to leave the nest.
 id : 308 ISBN : 0060977477  | name : The Perfect Storm  |  description : The number-one New York Times best-seller recounts the dramatic story of the fishing boat, Andrea Gail, which was lost in the North Atlantic during an extraordinarily violent storm. Reprint. National ad/promo. Tour. NYT.
 id : 309 ISBN : 0345391691  | name : The Battle for God  |  description : In the late twentieth century, fundamentalism has emerged as one of the most powerful forces at work in the world, contesting the dominance of modern secular values and threatening peace and harmony around the globe. Yet it remains incomprehensible to a large number of people. In The Battle for God, Karen Armstrong brilliantly and sympathetically shows us how and why fundamentalist groups came into existence and what they yearn to accomplish. We see the West in the sixteenth century beginning to create an entirely new kind of civilization, which brought in its wake change in every aspect of life -- often painful and violent, even if liberating. Armstrong argues that one of the things that changed most was religion. People could no longer think about or experience the divine in the same way; they had to develop new forms of faith to fit their new circumstances. Armstrong characterizes fundamentalism as one of these new ways of being religious that have emerged in every major faith tradition. Focusing on Protestant fundamentalism in the United States, Jewish fundamentalism in Israel, and Muslim fundamentalism in Egypt and Iran, she examines the ways in which these movements, while not monolithic, have each sprung from a dread of modernity -- often in response to assault (sometimes unwitting, sometimes intentional) by the mainstream society. Armstrong sees fundamentalist groups as complex, innovative, and modern -- rather than as throwbacks to the past -- but contends that they have failed in religious terms. Maintaining that fundamentalism often exists in symbiotic relationship with an aggressive modernity, each impelling the other on to greater excess, she suggests compassion as a way to defuse what is now an intensifying conflict. BONUS: This edition contains an excerpt from Karen Armstrong's Twelve Steps to a Compassionate Life.
 id : 310 ISBN : 0520011171  | name : Sappho  |  description : These hundred poems and fragments constitute virtually all of Sappho that survives and effectively bring to life the woman whom the Greeks consider to be their greatest lyric poet. Mary Barnard's translations are lean, incisive, direct--the best ever published. She has rendered the beloved poet's verses, long the bane of translators, more authentically than anyone else in English.
 id : 311 ISBN : 0553278746  | name : The Postman  |  description : In the aftermath of a war that has devastated the nation, a traveling storyteller borrows the jacket of a long-dead postal worker and is transformed unwittingly into a symbol of hope for America's future.
 id : 312 ISBN : 0670856045  | name : The Tortilla Curtain  |  description : The lives of two very different couples--wealthy Los Angeles liberals Delaney and Kyra Mossbacher, and Candido and America Rincon, a pair of Mexican illegals--suddenly collide, in a story that unfolds from the shifting viewpoints of the various characters. 100,000 first printing. $100,000 ad/promo. Tour.
 id : 313 ISBN : 0872200760  | name : Symposium  |  description : Among the most powerful and moving of Plato's dialogues, the Symposium is one of the greatest literary works on the nature of love in Western thought.
 id : 314 ISBN : 0937858994  | name : The What's Happening to My Body? Book for Boys  |  description : Discusses the changes that take place in a boy's body during puberty, including information on the body's changing size and shape, the growth spurt, reproductive organs, pubic hair, beards, pimples, voice changes, wet dreams, and puberty in girls.
 id : 315 ISBN : 0671649949  | name : The Object of My Affection  |  description : This is the gently comic story of two insecure young people who share a Brooklyn apartment: a gay man and a pregnant woman who are both on the brink of financial and emotional disaster.
 id : 317 ISBN : 0064470113  | name : Taking the Ferry Home  |  description : Two sixteen-year-old girls from different social classes spend the summer together on a resort island and experience a test of their friendship when family loyalties, romance, and drug dependence interfere.
 id : 318 ISBN : 0553571486  | name : Angel of Hope  |  description : Heather returns from her missionary trip to Africa, dissapointed to find her selfish family unchanged, and a second trip back, with the whole family this time, might be just what everyone needs. Original.
 id : 319 ISBN : 0972044205  | name : The Breach  |  description : The Breach is the fictional account of General Manuel Fernadez Castrillioin, Aid-de-Camp for Santa Anna as the Mexican President and his army marches on Texas and the Alamo in the Spring of 1836. It has been hailed as one of the best books ever written on the Alamo and is required reading for any Mexican reinactment participant. This book is unique in the fact it is the only book that tells the entire story of the Alamo from the Mexican point of view
 id : 320 ISBN : 0312963009  | name : Neanderthal  |  description : Not since Jurassic Park has a novel so enthralled readers everywhere. Now, enter the world of Neanderthal... The expedition of the century...uncovers the find of the millennium...Neanderthal. In the remote mountains of central Asia, an eminent Harvard archeologist discovers something extraordinary. He sends a cryptic message to two colleagues. But then, he disappears. Matt Mattison and Susan Arnot-- once lovers, now academic rivals-- are going where few humans have ever walked, looking for a relic band of creatures that have existed for over 40,000 years, that possess powers man can only imagine, and that are about to change the face of civilization forever.
 id : 322 ISBN : 0345435869  | name : The Rivan Codex  |  description : Join David and Leigh Eddings on a fascinating behind-the-scenes tour of the extensive background materials they compiled before beginning the masterpiece of epic fantasy unforgettably set down in The Belgariad and The Malloreon and their two companion volumes, Belgarath the Sorcerer and Polgara the Sorceress. Our tour stretches from the wealthy Empire of Tolnedra to the remote Isle of the Winds, from the mysterious mountains of Ulgoland to the forbidding reaches of darkest Mallorea. Along the way, you will meet old friends and enemies alike. Rare volumes will be opened to your eyes. Sacred holy books in which you may read the secrets of the Gods themselves and of their prophets. Scholarly histories of the rise and fall of empires from the Imperial Library at Tol Honeth. The profound mysteries of the Malloreon Gospels. THE RIVAN CODEX will enrich your understanding of all that has gone before . . . and whet your appetite for more spectacular adventures from this talented team.
 id : 323 ISBN : 0380728729  | name : Babyhood  |  description : The author, a new father, discusses the intricacies of welcoming a new member of the family, from the nerve-racking drive to the delivery room to the art of hypnotizing your newborn to sleep
 id : 325 ISBN : 0449912302  | name : Dave Barry in Cyberspace  |  description : "RELENTLESSLY FUNNY . . . BARRY SHINES." --People A self-professed computer geek who actually does Windows 95, bestselling humorist Dave Barry takes us on a hilarious hard drive via the information superhighway--and into the very heart of cyberspace, asking the provocative question: If God had wanted us to be concise, why give us so many fonts? Inside you'll find juicy bytes on How to Buy and Set Up a Computer; Step One: Get Valium Nerdstock in the Desert; Or: Bill Gates Is Elvis Software: Making Your Computer Come Alive So It Can Attack You Word Processing: How to Press an Enormous Number of Keys Without Ever Actually Writing Anything Selected Web Sites, including Cursing in Swedish, Deformed Frog Pictures, and The Toilets of Melbourne, Australia And much, much more! "VERY FUNNY . . . After a day spent staring at a computer monitor, think of the book as a kind of screen saver for your brain." --New York Times Book Review
 id : 328 ISBN : 0812541642  | name : Waiting  |  description : After waiting 35,000 years for their chance to rule, an alternative species of human beings is ready to take over the planet. Reprint.
 id : 329 ISBN : 0312988699  | name : Nowhere to Run  |  description : Annabelle Murphy, a medical producer for a highly rated television news program, finds her station reducing into pandemonium when an employee dies from the latest sensationalized illness, an event with suspicious causes. By the author of Do You Promise Not to Tell? Reprint.
 id : 331 ISBN : 8483007010  | name : El gust amarg de la cervesa  |  description : Des de la finestra de casa seva, en Ramon -un jove paraplègic que viu sol- segueix dia a dia la vida dels veïns que viuen al bloc del davant: una estudiant de bon veure, una àvia d'hàbits rutinaris, una parella amb un fill adolescent... El que en Ramon no
 id : 333 ISBN : 0385313748  | name : All Our Yesterdays  |  description : From the author of the best-selling Spenser novels, an epic family saga of fathers, sons, lovers, and heroes spans the twentieth century and portrays two families struggling with a legacy of violence, obsession, and deceit. (General Fiction).
 id : 334 ISBN : 1575843366  | name : What Shall I Be?  |  description : Barbie demonstrates what different occupations involve, from teacher and ballerina, to doctor and business executive.
 id : 335 ISBN : 0684193957  | name : All That Remains  |  description : When a fifth couple falls prey to a serial killer with a penchant for murdering young lovers parked in their cars, Chief Medical Examiner Kay Scarpetta examines the evidence. By the author of Body of Evidence. 150,000 first printing. $150,000 ad/promo.
 id : 336 ISBN : 0345371984  | name : Last Chance to See  |  description : New York Times bestselling author Douglas Adams and zoologist Mark Carwardine take off around the world in search of exotic, endangered creatures. Join them as they encounter the animal kingdom in its stunning beauty, astonishing variety, and imminent peril: the giant Komodo dragon of Indonesia, the helpless but loveable Kakapo of New Zealand, the blind river dolphins of China, the white rhinos of Zaire, the rare birds of Mauritius island in the Indian Ocean. Hilarious and poignant—as only Douglas Adams can be—Last Chance to See is an entertaining and arresting odyssey through the Earth’s magnificent wildlife galaxy. Praise for Last Chance to See “Lively, sharply satirical, brilliantly written . . . shows how human care can undo what human carelessness has wrought.”—The Atlantic “These authors don’t hesitate to present the alarming facts: More than 1,000 species of animals (and plants) become extinct every year. . . . Perhaps Adams and Carwardine, with their witty science, will help prevent such misadventures in the future.”—Boston Sunday Herald “Very funny and moving . . . The glimpses of rare fauna seem to have enlarged [Adams’s] thinking, enlivened his world; and so might the animals do for us all, if we were to help them live.”—The Washington Post Book World “[Adams] invites us to enter into a conspiracy of laughter and caring.”—Los Angeles Times “Amusing . . . thought-provoking . . . Its details on the heroic efforts being made to save these animals are inspirational.”—The New York Times Book Review
 id : 338 ISBN : 1573228737  | name : Affinity  |  description : “Gothic tale, psychological study, puzzle narrative…This is gripping, astute fiction that feeds the mind and senses.”—The Seattle Times An upper-class woman recovering from a suicide attempt, Margaret Prior has begun visiting the women’s ward of Millbank prison, Victorian London’s grimmest jail, as part of her rehabilitative charity work. Amongst Millbank’s murderers and common thieves, Margaret finds herself increasingly fascinated by on apparently innocent inmate, the enigmatic spiritualist Selina Dawes. Selina was imprisoned after a séance she was conducting went horribly awry, leaving an elderly matron dead and a young woman deeply disturbed. Although initially skeptical of Selina’s gifts, Margaret is soon drawn into a twilight world of ghosts and shadows, unruly spirits and unseemly passions, until she is at last driven to concoct a desperate plot to secure Selina’s freedom, and her own. As in her noteworthy deput, Tipping the Velvet, Sarah Waters brilliantly evokes the sights and smells of a moody and beguiling nineteenth-century London, and proves herself yet again a storyteller, in the words of the New York Times Book Review, of "startling power."
 id : 339 ISBN : 9681500555  | name : Diario de Ana Frank  |  description : Spanish translation of "Achterhuis". The diary of Anne Frank, a Jewish girl who chronicled her day-to-day life as she hid in an attic in Nazi-occupied Holland for two years.
 id : 340 ISBN : 0380711109  | name : Desert Notes  |  description : Here, for the first time in one volume, are two of Lopez's masterpieces, "River Notes and "Desert Notes. From the thundering power of the river's swift current, to the stillness of clear freshwater pools; to desert springs, birds and wind, and rattlesnakes . . . and the terrible intrusion of man, Lopez allows us to share moments of intense personal experience as man tries to come to terms with the Earth's landscape, and with his own existence.
 id : 342 ISBN : 0425120279  | name : The Hunt for Red October  |  description : Gripping military thriller about the chase after a top-secret Russian missile submarine. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 343 ISBN : 067153484X  | name : The Music Box  |  description : Left with only a music box by which to remember her murdered parents, an orphaned Gabrielle Denning is taken in by Lady Nevon and falls in love with Nevon's nephew, with whom she must solve a mystery or lose her newfound happiness. Original.
 id : 344 ISBN : 0380728273  | name : Liberty Falling  |  description : Park ranger Anna Pigeon, in New York to visit her desperately ill sister, becomes drawn into an investigation of a series of strange murders in Statue of Liberty Park
 id : 345 ISBN : 8433914545  | name : El palacio de la luna  |  description : Marco Stanley Fogg est a las puertas de la edad adulta cuando los astronautas ponen el pie en la luna. Hijo de padre desconocido, fue educado por el excntrico to Vctor, que tocaba el clarinete en orquestas de mala muerte. En los albores de la era lunar, muerto su to, Marco va cayendo progresivamente en la indigencia, la soledad y una suerte de tranquila locura de matices dostoievskianos, hasta que la bella Kitty Wu lo rescata. Marco empieza entonces a trabajar para un viejo pintor paraltico y escribe su biografa, que ste quiere legar a su hijo, al que no lleg a conocer. Tras un largo periplo que lo lleva hasta el Oeste y bajo el influjo de la omnipresente luna, Marco descubrir los misterios de origen y la identidad de su progenitor.Un magnfico retrato del alma secreta del hombre urbano (El Pas).Una de las novelas ms completas, elegantes, refinadas e inteligentes de los ltimos aos (Sergio Vila-San-Juan, La Vanguardia).Tiene la magia exacta de los mitos que nos valen para vivir... Pertenece al club de las novelas que desearamos no terminar de leer nunca (Justo Navarro).
 id : 348 ISBN : 0771076002  | name : Remembering Peter Gzowski  |  description : A celebration of Peter Gzowski's life and of the enormous role he played in Canadian life. It collects tributes from friends and colleagues, and from grieving strangers who had been touched by him in one of the roles that provide us with the chapters in this book: as a writer in newspapers, magazines, or books; as a radio broadcaster; on camera; as a lover of Canada; and as a father, relative, or trusted friend. 2002.
 id : 350 ISBN : 1559703237  | name : Trying to Save Piggy Sneed  |  description : A collection of one dozen short works includes the title piece, a loving portrait of the author's grandmother, and additional stories, including "The Pension Grillparzer" and "Dinner at the White House"
 id : 354 ISBN : 0060188731  | name : Bel Canto  |  description : Somewhere in South America, at the home of the country's vice president, a lavish birthday party is being held in honor of Mr. Hosokawa, a powerful Japanese businessman. Roxanne Coss, opera's most revered soprano, has mesmerized the international guests with her singing. It is a perfect evening—until a band of gun-wielding terrorists breaks in through the air-conditioning vents and takes the entire party hostage. But what begins as a panicked, life-threatening scenario slowly evolves into something quite different, as terrorists and hostages forge unexpected bonds and people from different countries and continents become compatriots. Without the demands of the world to shape their days, life on the inside becomes more beautiful than anything they had known before. At once riveting and impassioned, the narrative becomes a moving exploration of how people communicate when music is the only common language. Friendship, compassion, and the chance for great love lead the characters to forget the real danger that has been set in motion and cannot be stopped. Ann Patchett has written a novel that is as lyrical and profound as it is unforgettable. Bel Canto engenders in the reader the very passion for art and the language of music that its characters discover. As a reader, you find yourself fervently wanting this captivity to continue forever, even though you know that real life waits on the other side of the garden wall. A virtuoso performance by one of our best and most important writers, Bel Canto is a novel to be cherished.
 id : 355 ISBN : 0140374248  | name : James and the Giant Peach  |  description : From the bestselling author of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory and The BFG! Roald Dahl was a champion of the underdog and all things little—in this case, an orphaned boy oppressed by two nasty, self-centered aunts. How James escapes his miserable life with the horrible aunts and becomes a hero is a Dahlicious fantasy of the highest order. You will never forget resourceful little James and his new family of magically overgrown insects—a ladybug, a spider, a grasshopper, a glowworm, a silkworm, and the chronic complainer, a centipede with a hundred gorgeous shoes. Their adventures aboard a luscious peach as large as a house take them across the Atlantic Ocean, through waters infested with peach-eating sharks and skies inhabited by malevolent Cloudmen, to a ticker-tape parade in New York City. This happily ever after contemporary fairy tale is a twentieth-century classic that every child deserves to know. And Lane Smith's endearingly funny illustrations are a perfect match for the text. "All the gruesome imagery of old-fashioned fairy tales and a good measure of their breathtaking delight." —Kirkus Reviews "A stunning book, to be cherished for its story, a superb fantasy." —The Chicago Tribune "The most original fantasy that has been published in a long time...[it] may well become a classic." —San Francisco Chronicle
 id : 356 ISBN : 0142001740  | name : The Secret Life of Bees  |  description : The multi-million bestselling novel about a young girl's journey towards healing and the transforming power of love, from the award-winning author of The Invention of Wings and The Book of Longings Set in South Carolina in 1964, The Secret Life of Bees tells the story of Lily Owens, whose life has been shaped around the blurred memory of the afternoon her mother was killed. When Lily's fierce-hearted Black "stand-in mother," Rosaleen, insults three of the deepest racists in town, Lily decides to spring them both free. They escape to Tiburon, South Carolina—a town that holds the secret to her mother's past. Taken in by an eccentric trio of Black beekeeping sisters, Lily is introduced to their mesmerizing world of bees and honey, and the Black Madonna. This is a remarkable novel about divine female power, a story that women will share and pass on to their daughters for years to come.
 id : 358 ISBN : 0312995423  | name : Digital Fortress  |  description : A former National Security Agency programmer threatens to release a mathematical formula that will allow organized crime and terrorism to skyrocket, unless the code-breaking computer that is used to keep them in check but that violates civil rights is not exposed to the public. Reissue.
 id : 359 ISBN : 0380704587  | name : Ladies of Missalonghi  |  description : Sometimes fairy toles can come true-even for plain,shy spinsters like Missy Wright. Neither as pretty as cousin Alicianor as domineering as mother Drusilla, she seems doomed to aquiet life of near poverty at Missalonghi, her family's pitifullysmall homestead in Australia's Blue Mountains. But It's a brandnew century-the twentieth-a time for new thoughts and boldnew actions. And Missy Wright is about to set every self-righteous tongue in the town of Byron wagging. Because she hasjust set her sights on a mysterious, mistrusted and unsuspectingstranger ... who just might be Prince-Charming in disguise.
 id : 360 ISBN : 0380815923  | name : Blackberry Wine  |  description : As a boy, writer Jay Mackintosh spent three golden summers in the ramshackle home of "Jackapple Joe" Cox. A lonely child, he found solace in Old Joe's simple wisdom and folk charms. The magic was lost, however, when Joe disappeared without warning one fall. Years later, Jay's life is stalled with regret and ennui. His bestselling novel, Jackapple Joe, was published ten years earlier and he has written nothing since. Impulsively, he decides to leave his urban life in London and, sight unseen, purchases a farmhouse in the remote French village of Lansquenet. There, in that strange and yet strangely familiar place, Jay hopes to re-create the magic of those golden childhood summers. And while the spirit of Joe is calling to him, it is actually a similarly haunted, reclusive woman who will ultimately help Jay find himself again.
 id : 363 ISBN : 038542471X  | name : The Client  |  description : #1 NEW YORK TIMES BEST SELLER • In a weedy lot on the outskirts of Memphis, two boys watch a shiny Lincoln pull up to the curb.... Eleven-year-old Mark Sway and his younger brother were sharing a forbidden cigarette when a chance encounter with a suicidal lawyer left Mark knowing a bloody and explosive secret: the whereabouts of the most sought-after dead body in America. Now Mark is caught between a legal system gone mad and a mob killer desperate to cover up his crime. And his only ally is a woman named Reggie Love, who has been a lawyer for all of four years. Prosecutors are willing to break all the rules to make Mark talk. The mob will stop at nothing to keep him quiet. And Reggie will do anything to protect her client—even take a last, desperate gamble that could win Mark his freedom... or cost them both their lives.
 id : 364 ISBN : 0425098109  | name : Thieves of Light  |  description : A suburban teenager is taken by spacecraft to help fight in a war against an evil force.
 id : 367 ISBN : 0449207544  | name : Proof  |  description : When a typically perfect party at wine merchant Tony Beach's is brutally crashed, he finds himself caught in the terrifying midst of a mystery that begins with sham scotch and counterfeit claret and escalates to hijacking and murder....
 id : 369 ISBN : 0517577402  | name : Mostly Harmless  |  description : Raised on a planet at the remote edge of the universe, the daughter of Arthur Dent sets out on a transgalactic quest to find the planet of her ancestors
 id : 370 ISBN : 0590450875  | name : I Spy  |  description : Rhyming verses ask readers to find hidden objects in the photographs.
 id : 374 ISBN : 0684180200  | name : The New Shoe  |  description : Detective Inspector Napoleon Bonaparte investigates the murder of an unidentified man discovered entombed in the wall of an Australian lighthouse
 id : 375 ISBN : 0743411269  | name : An Accidental Woman  |  description : Barbara Delinsky brings back Poppy Blake, from her stunning New York Times bestseller Lake News, in this deeply moving novel of life's second chances and the accidents of fate that can set us free.... Lake Henry, New Hampshire, is buzzing over the annual maple syrup harvestŠas well as the shocking revelation that longtime resident Heather Malone has been led away by the FBI, which claims the devoted stepmother and businesswoman fled the scene of a fatal accident in California years before. Poppy Blake, her best friend, is determined to prove Heather's innocence, while facing past mistakes of her own: she has never overcome her guilt from the snowmobile accident that killed her partner and left her paralyzed. Playing an unlikely role in both women's lives is investigative journalist Griffin Hughes, whose attraction to Poppy keeps him coming back to Lake Henry, even though he is secretly responsible for drawing the law closer to Heather. To redeem himself, Griffin sets out to solve the mystery surrounding Heather and becomes the key to freeing Poppy from her own regrets and showing her a rich new future.
 id : 376 ISBN : 0743470389  | name : The Snow Garden  |  description : When the death of a respected professor's wife reveals an illicit relationship between a student and his teacher, Atherton University becomes the scene of ever escalating intrigue, speculation, dark desires, fear, and violence. By the author of A Density of Souls. Reprint.
 id : 377 ISBN : 076218857X  | name : The Doorbell Rang  |  description : Nero Wolfe comes up against the FBI when a wealthy woman engages him to investigate the reasons for the Bureau's interest in her.
 id : 378 ISBN : 0767905938  | name : A Year by the Sea  |  description : The basis for the major motion picture of the same name. An entrancing memoir of how one woman's journey of self-discovery gave her the courage to persevere in re-creating her life. Life is a work in progress, as ever-changing as a sandy shoreline along the beach. During the years Joan Anderson was a loving wife and supportive mother, she had slowly and unconsciously replaced her own dreams with the needs of her family. With her sons grown, however, she realized that the family no longer centered on the home she provided, and her relationship with her husband had become stagnant. Like many women in her situation, Joan realized that she had neglected to nurture herself and, worse, to envision fulfilling goals for her future. As her husband received a wonderful job opportunity out-of-state, it seemed that the best part of her own life was finished. Shocking both of them, she refused to follow him to his new job and decided to retreat to a family cottage on Cape Cod. At first casting about for direction, Joan soon began to take pleasure in her surroundings and call on resources she didn't realize she had. Over the course of a year, she gradually discovered that her life as an "unfinished woman" was full of possibilities. Out of that magical, difficult, transformative year came A Year by the Sea, a record of her experiences and a treasury of wisdom for readers.
 id : 380 ISBN : 0801096677  | name : Victorious Christians You Should Know  |  description : Short biographies of Christian men and women which will encourage us to give our all to Christ.
 id : 381 ISBN : 0849953014  | name : Book of Hebrews  |  description : Hebrews was written for Jewish believers torn between their new faith and their old routines and rituals. Lucado explains that Christianity, God's New Covenant is better in every way than the Old Covenant. With scripture reading, inspirational readings, questions to answer, space for journaling, and a prayer, it's like studying the Bible with Max Lucado.
 id : 382 ISBN : 0891091963  | name : Inside Out  |  description : If you want a more vital union with God, a richer relationship with others, and a deeper sense of personal wholeness, let Larry Crabb help you look inside yourself. Discover how God works real, liberating change when you live from the inside out.
 id : 383 ISBN : 0915811537  | name : Son-rise  |  description : Continues the chronicle of Raun Kaufman's triumph over autism, achieved with the help of his parents' unconditional love, and presents other cases of inspiring victories by special children
 id : 390 ISBN : 0451154916  | name : The Crystal Handbook  |  description : First published in the US in 1987, this A-Z guide to the 'psychic energies' of more than 100 crystals, gems, minerals and stones, provides information such as choosing a crystal or gemstone to suit your emotional and physical needs, the healing properties of crystals, cleansing a crystal, crystal gazing, birthstones and zodiac affinities.
 id : 391 ISBN : 0785815147  | name : Simple Wicca  |  description : This is the perfect primer for the curious beginner of Wicca.
 id : 392 ISBN : 0875421288  | name : The Complete Book of Incense, Oils & Brews  |  description : The book explains how to make your own incenses, oils, ointments, inks, tinctures, herb baths, bath salts, brews, ritual soaps and powders.
 id : 394 ISBN : 156718796X  | name : Astral Travel for Beginners  |  description : The exercises in this book are carefully graded to take readers step-by-step through an actual out-of-body experience.
 id : 395 ISBN : 1862047626  | name : Runes  |  description : The runes are the ancient script of the Norse world. These simple, angular letters cut in stone, wood and metal can lead us into the distant past, revealing knowledge and insights as applicable today as they were 2000 years ago. This book shows how to make your own set of runes, explains the meaning of the individual runes, and shows how to use them for healing and divination.
 id : 397 ISBN : 0198320264  | name : Julius Caesar  |  description : The Oxford School Shakespeare is a well-established series which helps students understand and enjoy Shakespeare's plays. As well as the complete and unabridged text, each play in this series has an extensive range of students' notes. These include detailed and clear explanations of difficult words and passages, a synopsis of the plot, summaries of individual scenes, and notes on the main characters. Also included is a wide range of questions and activities for work in class, together with the historical background to Shakespeare's England, a brief biography of Shakespeare, and a complete list of his plays. For this new edition, the text of the play, the notes, and the introductory matter have all been revised so as to make them clearer and more accessible. In addition, the entire text of the book has been redesigned and reset to make it easier to read. The illustrations have been completely redrawn, photographs of recent stage production have been included and thereis a new, attractive cover design. Roma Gill, the series editor, has taught Shakespeare at all levels. She has acted in and directed Shakespeare's plays, and has lectured on Shakespeare all over the world.
 id : 398 ISBN : 0373196989  | name : Santa Brought a Son  |  description : Santa Brought A Son by Melissa McClone released on Nov 24, 2003 is available now for purchase.
 id : 399 ISBN : 0373245580  | name : Marry Me... Again  |  description : Marry Me...Again by Cheryl St.John released on Jul 25, 2003 is available now for purchase.
 id : 400 ISBN : 0451527747  | name : Alice's Adventures in Wonderland ; &, Through the Looking-glass  |  description : A little girl falls down a rabbit hole and discovers a world of nonsensical and amusing characters.
 id : 401 ISBN : 0671867113  | name : Moonlight Becomes You  |  description : From Queen of Suspense Mary Higgins Clark, a thriller “that grabs you with the first paragraph and never lets go” (USA TODAY) about a woman desperate to uncover the truth behind her beloved stepmother’s death. At a party in Manhattan, Maggie Holloway—one of the fashion world’s most successful photographers—is thrilled to be reunited with her beloved stepmother. A widow now, Nuala Moore is equally delighted to see her long-lost stepdaughter, and she invites Maggie to spend a few weeks at her home in Newport, Rhode Island. But when Maggie arrives, she finds Nuala murdered, apparently by a burglar. Heartbroken, Maggie is stunned to learn she had inherited Nuala’s stunning Victorian home...and horrified when she begins to suspect that Nuala’s death was not random, but part of a diabolical plot conceived by a twisted mind. When Nuala’s dear old friend, Greta Shipley, dies suddenly of supposedly natural causes, Maggie is convinced that there is a link between these two and other recent deaths among the older women of Newport. What she doesn’t realize is that she has now become a target for the killer as well, and that each clue she uncovers brings her closer to an unimaginable fate.
 id : 402 ISBN : 0812504208  | name : The Adventures of Tom Sawyer  |  description : This edition of Mark Twain's The Adventures of Tom Sawyer includes a Biographical Note, Preface, and Afterword by Keith Neilson. Tor Classics are affordably-priced editions designed to attract the young reader. Original dynamic cover art enthusiastically represents the excitement of each story. Appropriate "reader friendly" type sizes have been chosen for each title—offering clear, accurate, and readable text. All editions are complete and unabridged, and feature Introductions and Afterwords.
 id : 405 ISBN : 006101351X  | name : The Perfect Storm  |  description : October 1991. It was "the perfect storm"--a tempest that may happen only once in a century--a nor'easter created by so rare a combination of factors that it could not possibly have been worse. Creating waves ten stories high and winds of 120 miles an hour, the storm whipped the sea to inconceivable levels few people on Earth have ever witnessed. Few, except the six-man crew of the Andrea Gail, a commercial fishing boat tragically headed towards its hellish center.
 id : 406 ISBN : 0140104682  | name : Heroes of Their Own Lives  |  description : Looks at the history of child abuse, child neglect, wife-beating, and incest, tells the stories of victims, and offers a fresh perspective on contemporary family violence
 id : 408 ISBN : 0316666343  | name : The Lovely Bones  |  description : The spirit of fourteen-year-old Susie Salmon describes her murder, her surprise at her new home in heaven, and her witness to her family's grief, efforts to find the killer, and attempts to come to terms with what has happened. A first novel. Reprint. 50,000 first printing.
 id : 409 ISBN : 039456894X  | name : Impossible Vacation  |  description : Racked with guilt over his mother's suicide, Brewster North wanders aimlessly, from New York's East Village to the Bhagwan Rahneesh's sex commune in India, to Provincetown, to Santa Cruz.
 id : 410 ISBN : 0440224675  | name : Hannibal  |  description : #1 NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER • “Is it as good as Red Dragon and Silence of the Lambs? No . . . this one is better.”—Stephen King, The New York Times Book Review You remember Hannibal Lecter: gentleman, genius, cannibal. Seven years have passed since Dr. Lecter escaped from custody. And for seven years he’s been at large, free to savor the scents, the essences, of an unguarded world. But intruders have entered Dr. Lecter’s world, piercing his new identity, sensing the evil that surrounds him. For the multimillionaire Hannibal left maimed, for a corrupt Italian policeman, and for FBI agent Clarice Starling, who once stood before Lecter and who has never been the same, the final hunt for Hannibal Lecter has begun. All of them, in their separate ways, want to find Dr. Lecter. And all three will get their wish. But only one will live long enough to savor the reward. . . . Praise for Hannibal “Interested in getting the hell scared out of you? Buy this book on a Friday . . . lock all doors and windows. And by Monday , you might just be able to sleep without a night-light.”—Newsday “Strap yourself in for one heck of a ride. . . . It’ll scare your socks off.”—Denver Post “A stunner . . . writing in language as bright and precise as a surgeon’s scalpel, Harris has created a world as mysterious as Hannibal’s memory palace and as disturbing as a Goya painting. This is one book you don’t want to read alone at night.”—The Atlanta Journal-Constitution “Relentless . . . endlessly terrifying . . . 486 fast-paced pages, in which every respite is but a prelude to further furious action . . . Hannibal begins with a murderous paroxysm that leaves the reader breathless. . . . Hannibal speaks to the imagination, to the feelings, to the passions, to exalted senses and to debased ones. Harris’s voice will be heard for a while.”—Los Angeles Times “A pleasurable sense of dread.”—The Wall Street Journal “Enormously satisfying . . . a smashing good time, turning the pages for thrills, chills, horror and finally, a bracing, deliciously wicked slap in the face . . . perhaps the very best the thriller/horror genre is capable of producing.”—San Diego Union-Tribune
 id : 411 ISBN : 0449002632  | name : London  |  description : “A TOUR DE FORCE . . . London tracks the history of the English capital from the days of the Celts until the present time. . . . Breathtaking.”—The Orlando Sentinel A master of epic historical fiction, Edward Rutherford gives us a sweeping novel of London, a glorious pageant spanning two thousand years. He brings this vibrant city's long and noble history alive through his saga of ever-shifting fortunes, fates, and intrigues of a half-dozen families, from the age of Julius Caesar to the twentieth century. Generation after generation, these families embody the passion, struggle, wealth, and verve of the greatest city in the Old World. Praise for London “Remarkable . . . The invasion by Julius Caesar’s legions in 54 B.C. . . . The rise of chivalry and the Crusades . . . The building of the Globe theatre . . . and the coming of the Industrial Revolution. . . . What a delightful way to get the feel of London and of English history. . . . We witness first-hand the lust of Henry VIII. We overhear Geoffrey Chaucer deciding to write The Canterbury Tales. . . . Each episode is a punchy tale made up of bite-size chunks ending in tiny cliffhangers.”—The New York Times “Hold-your-breath suspense, buccaneering adventure, and passionate tales of love and war.”—The Times (London) “Fascinating . . . A sprawling epic.”—San Francisco Chronicle
 id : 412 ISBN : 0449213773  | name : Life Before Man  |  description : An exploration of contemporary concerns--love, exploitation, survival, sex roles, personal power--centers on the inner lives and relationships of an attractive, independent woman, her ineffectual husband, and his passive, easily manipulated lover
 id : 413 ISBN : 0452279690  | name : Cavedweller  |  description : From the author of the "flawless" (The New York Times Book Review) classic Bastard Out of Carolina comes Cavedweller, once again demonstrating Allison's umatched strengths as a storyteller. Reading "like a thematic sequel" (The New Yorker) to her first novel, Cavedweller tackles questions of forgiveness, mother-daughter bonds, and the strength of the human spirit. When Delia Byrd packs up her old Datsun and her daughter Cissy and gets on the Santa Monica Freeway heading south and east, she is leaving everything she has known for ten years: the tinsel glitter of the rock 'n' roll world; her dreams of singing and songwriting; and a life lived on credit cards and whiskey with a man who made promises he couldn't keep. Delia Byrd is going back to Cayro, Georgia, to reclaim her life--and the two daughters she left behind...Told in the incantatory voice of one of America's most eloquent storytellers, Cavedweller is a sweeping novel of the human spirit, the lost and hidden recesses of the heart, and the place where violence and redemption intersect.
 id : 414 ISBN : 0553569058  | name : The Robber Bride  |  description : Remembering their painful experiences of the past in which they were each manipulated and betrayed by the same woman, Roz, Charis, and Tony are relieved at Zenia's funeral, and are shocked when Zenia turns up alive and well. Reprint.
 id : 415 ISBN : 0679427430  | name : Wouldn't Take Nothing for My Journey Now  |  description : A collection of inspirational messages presents the author's insights into such topics as friendship, grace, spirit, family, and healing
 id : 417 ISBN : 0802114369  | name : Ohitika Woman  |  description : Confronting the contrasts, agonies, and triumphs of her life, a Sioux activist relates her story, detailing the powerful history of her people as it mixes with her own troubled life
 id : 418 ISBN : 0803233019  | name : Black Elk Speaks  |  description : A Sioux holy man recalls his life and visions up to the time of the slaughter at Wounded Knee
 id : 419 ISBN : 0819154946  | name : The Community in America  |  description : To find more information about Rowman and Littlefield titles, please visit www.rowmanlittlefield.com.
 id : 421 ISBN : 0940322978  | name : Mawrdew Czgowchwz  |  description : Diva Mawrdew Czgowchwz (pronounced "Mardu Gorgeous") bursts like the most brilliant of comets onto the international opera scene, only to confront the deadly malice and black magic of her rivals. Outrageous and uproarious, flamboyant and serious as only the most perfect frivolity can be, James McCourt's entrancing send-up of the world of opera has been a cult classic for more than a quarter-century. This comic tribute to the love of art is a triumph of art and love by a contemporary American master.
 id : 422 ISBN : 1573225126  | name : Prozac Nation  |  description : A memoir of sex, drugs, and depression indicts an overmedicated America as it chronicles the fortunes of a Harvard educated child of divorce who lived in the fast lane as a music critic, always fighting her chronic depression
 id : 424 ISBN : 1878424319  | name : The Four Agreements  |  description : In The Four Agreements, bestselling author don Miguel Ruiz reveals the source of self-limiting beliefs that rob us of joy and create needless suffering. Based on ancient Toltec wisdom, The Four Agreements offer a powerful code of conduct that can rapidly transform our lives to a new experience of freedom, true happiness, and love. • A New York Times bestseller for over a decade • Translated into 48 languages worldwide “This book by don Miguel Ruiz, simple yet so powerful, has made a tremendous difference in how I think and act in every encounter.” — Oprah Winfrey “Don Miguel Ruiz’s book is a roadmap to enlightenment and freedom.” — Deepak Chopra, Author, The Seven Spiritual Laws of Success “An inspiring book with many great lessons.” — Wayne Dyer, Author, Real Magic “In the tradition of Castaneda, Ruiz distills essential Toltec wisdom, expressing with clarity and impeccability what it means for men and women to live as peaceful warriors in the modern world.” — Dan Millman, Author, Way of the Peaceful Warrior
 id : 439 ISBN : 8478800336  | name : Cómo ser una mujer y no morir en el intento  |  description : Si eres mujer, esposa, madre o hija, no dejes de leer este libro divertido y mordaz que cuenta la historia de Carmen, una mujer independiente que lucha por ser ella misma a pesar de las innumerables trampas que le tiende su propia condición femenina: hijos que reclaman atención, maridos que desaparecen, perros que hay que pasear, jefes incompetentes que es preciso aguantar, ligues inesperados que hay que quitarse de encima, endemoniadas instrucciones de cremas de belleza que hay que descifrar... En fin, la permanente carrera de obstáculos que cualquier mujer tiene que salvar sin morir en el intento.
 id : 440 ISBN : 8478884963  | name : Una Casa en Irlanda  |  description : Een Ierse en een Amerikaanse, beiden met hun eigen verdriet, besluiten tijdens een zomer van huis te ruilen om te proberen tot rust te komen in een andere omgeving.
 id : 444 ISBN : 1853260622  | name : War and Peace  |  description : This epic novel is centred on Napoleon's war with Russia. It expresses Tolstoy's view that history is an inexorable process which man cannot influence. Three of the characters, Natasha Rostov, artless and delightful ; Prince Andrew Bolkonsky, world-weary ; and Pierre Bezukhov, idealistic; illustrate Tolstoy's philosophy.
 id : 446 ISBN : 0060804157  | name : He  |  description : What does it really mean to be a man? What are some of the landmarks along the road to mature masculinity? And what of the feminine components of a man's personality? Robert A. Johnson explores these questions in this new edition of He, updated to reflect his thinking on these subjects. Book jacket.
 id : 447 ISBN : 8466601090  | name : Las dos muertes de Gardel  |  description : Ni era frances, ni su muerte se debio a un accidente, ni su madre fue una planchadora ejemplar. Como iran mostrando Losada y Romeu, el viejo periodista y el scritor que impulsan esta novela, la vida de Carlos Gardel fue mucho mas sordida de lo que ha pretendido la edulacorada version oficial. Su autentico padre, para empezar, era un coronel uruguayo que en el fondo de su origen se ocultabauna historia espeluznante de violacion, estupro e incesto.Gardel, o mejor dicho, el Gardel que creemos conocer, no es mas que una invencion: primero el propio cantor para forjarse una identidad de la que carecia como hijo ilegitimo, y luego de quienes se hicieron con su cuantioso legado mediante la minuciosa manipulacion postuma.Manejando con toda soltura una rigurosa base documental y alternando de manera apasionante la investigacion y la pura narracion, Horacio Vazquez-Rial reconstruye en Las dos muertes de Gardel el proceso de creacion del personaje que habria de ascender, como Evita, al santoral de laimaginacion popular, y deja trazada al propio tiempo la silueta de un Gardel muy distinto -mas humano y desvalido-, que modificara definitivamente la imagen que todavia se tiene de el.
 id : 448 ISBN : 0140382658  | name : You Can Surf the Net!  |  description : Describes how the Internet began, how to get online, and what to do there.
 id : 449 ISBN : 0152012966  | name : I Want to Be-- a Veterinarian  |  description : Provides an overview of what is involved in veterinary medicine and related fields.
 id : 451 ISBN : 0345297709  | name : Centaur Aisle  |  description : Dor, heir to the throne of Xanth, must rescue King Trent, who has vanished on a trip to non-magical Mundania. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 452 ISBN : 0345313097  | name : Crewel Lye  |  description : Jordan had a talent for recovering from almost any injury if enough of his body could be assembled to grow together, but this time he was dead and his bones were scattered. Could he find enough of them to bring himself back to life? Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 453 ISBN : 0345335465  | name : Dragonflight  |  description : At a time when the number of Dragonriders has fallen too low for safety and only one Weyr trains the creatures and their riders, the Red Star approaches Pern, threatening the planet with disaster. Reissue.
 id : 455 ISBN : 0385333404  | name : Dating Big Bird  |  description : Thirty-five-year-old careerwoman Ellen Green wants a child, but her boyfriend Malcolm doesn't, so she is forced to consider the option of single motherhood, in a new novel by the best-selling author of Animal Husbandry.
 id : 456 ISBN : 044021145X  | name : The Firm  |  description : Mitch McDeere, a Harvard Law graduate, becomes suspicious of his Memphis tax firm when mysterious deaths, obsessive office security, and the Chicago Mob figure into its operations. Reprint. Movie tie-in.
 id : 457 ISBN : 0449212084  | name : Murder at the Kennedy Center  |  description : “An exciting romp through the maze of Washington politics.”—The Dallas Morning News During a gala benefit for the Democratic Party's hottest presidential hopeful at the glittering Kennedy Center, a young woman dies, a victim of quick and brutal violence. The murder weapon belongs to the candidate. The chief suspect is the candidate's son. The dynamic campaign of Senator Kenneth Ewald has collided with a tragedy that can send his son to jail—and wreck his own career. George Washington University law professor Mac Smith comes out of the classroom to tackle a case that's bad for Senator Ewald but may prove even worse for the nation. And Smith himself marches straight into the firing line of an unscrupulous TV evangelist who gets his orders from God and a dethroned Central American dictator who takes interference from no one. . . . “Margaret Truman has become a first-rate mystery writer.”—Los Angeles Times Book Review
 id : 458 ISBN : 0553582682  | name : Guinness Book of Records 2000  |  description : Lists records and statistics related to human beings, animals, science, technology, buildings, transportation, business, arts, entertainment, human achievement, and sports.
 id : 459 ISBN : 0590947257  | name : Forever Amber Brown  |  description : Amber's life has changed dramatically--her parents are divorced, her father lives in France, her best friend has moved to another state, and now her mother must decide whether to remarry.
 id : 460 ISBN : 074345829X  | name : Philip José Farmer's the Dungeon  |  description : Finding himself on a vast prison planet on which his twin brother is trapped, Clive Foliott encounters an array of adversarial dwarves, cyborgs, and aliens from different parts of time and space. Original.
 id : 461 ISBN : 0786913878  | name : Pool of Radiance  |  description : This novelization of a computer game from SSI features a diabolical cult, a malevolent pool, a terrifying plan, and four reluctant heroes. Includes a map based on locations in the computer game.
 id : 462 ISBN : 0801491827  | name : Feminism and Suffrage  |  description : In the two decades since Feminism and Suffrage was first published, the increased presence of women in politics and the gender gap in voting patterns have focused renewed attention on an issue generally perceived as nineteenth-century. For this new edition, Ellen Carol DuBois addresses the changing context for the history of woman suffrage at the millennium.
 id : 463 ISBN : 0816729913  | name : Why are Boys So Weird?  |  description : Third-grader Amber Cantrell discovers that boys and girls don't always think alike, when a classmate asks both Amber and her friend Delight to marry him and when her father starts dating a younger woman.
 id : 464 ISBN : 0843136685  | name : Sheldon & Mrs. Levine  |  description : In a parody of the best-selling Griffin & Sabine, an angst-ridden young man and his eccentric, meddlesome mother trade blows over his latest infatuation in a series of hilarious letters. 75,000 first printing.
 id : 465 ISBN : 0866119531  | name : Black Beauty  |  description : A horse in nineteenth-century England recounts his experiences with both good and bad masters.
 id : 466 ISBN : 0866119566  | name : Oliver Twist  |  description : Nine-year-old orphaned Oliver Twist escapes a workhouse and travels to London to seek a better life.
 id : 467 ISBN : 0870441663  | name : The Wild Ponies of Assateague Island  |  description : Text and photographs describe the lives of the wild ponies of Assateague including the annual pony penning on nearby Chincoteague Island.
 id : 468 ISBN : 1561561428  | name : Frankenstein  |  description : The monster was supposed to be man's benefactor, but, scorned for his ugliness, he swears revenge on his creator and the human race.
 id : 469 ISBN : 0553210092  | name : The Scarlet Letter  |  description : Hailed by Henry James as "the finest piece of imaginative writing yet put forth in the country," Nathaniel Hawthorne's The Scarlet Letter reaches to our nation's historical and moral roots for the material of great tragedy. Set in an early New England colony, the novel shows the terrible impact a single, passionate act has on the lives of three members of the community: the defiant Hester Prynne; the fiery, tortured Reverend Dimmesdale; and the obsessed, vengeful Chillingworth. With The Scarlet Letter, Hawthorne became the first American novelist to forge from our Puritan heritage a universal classic, a masterful exploration of humanity's unending struggle with sin, guilt and pride.
 id : 470 ISBN : 0553258524  | name : Dragonsong  |  description : Because of her father's adamant disapproval of her unwomanly ambition to be a Harper, Menolly, young girl of Pern, braves the deadly perils of Threadfall and redirects her life, aided by nine fire dragons.
 id : 472 ISBN : 1569471096  | name : Was it Something I Said?  |  description : Tells the story of a romance that begins with an absurd meeting between Barry, a food product manager who hasn't had a date in a year, and Justine, an ambitious lawyer at a hotshot New York mergers and acquisitions firm
 id : 475 ISBN : 014023828X  | name : The Tortilla Curtain  |  description : T.C. Boyle’s tragicomic, award-winning novel about assimilation, immigration, and the price of the American dream “A masterpiece of contemporary social satire.” —The Wall Street Journal Topanga Canyon is home to two couples on a collision course. Los Angeles liberals Delaney and Kyra Mossbacher lead an ordered sushi-and-recycling existence in a newly gated hilltop community: he a sensitive nature writer, she an obsessive realtor. Mexican immigrants Candido and America Rincon desperately cling to their vision of the American Dream as they fight off starvation in a makeshift camp deep in the ravine. And from the moment a freak accident brings Candido and Delaney into intimate contact, these four and their opposing worlds gradually intersect in what becomes a tragicomedy of error and misunderstanding.
 id : 477 ISBN : 0345424719  | name : A Widow for One Year  |  description : In A Widow for One Year, we follow Ruth Cole through three of the most pivotal times in her life: from her girlhood on Long Island (in the summer of 1958) through the fall of 1990 (when she is an unmarried woman whose personal life is not nearly as successful as her literary career), and at last in the autumn of 1995, when Ruth is a forty-one-year-old widow and mother (and she’s about to fall in love for the first time). Both elegiac and erotic, A Widow for One Year is a multilayered love story of astonishing emotional force.
 id : 478 ISBN : 0375414746  | name : The Clearing  |  description : Returning from the Great War a changed man, Byron Aldridge drifts away from his privileged and charmed life to take a job as a constable in a remote Louisiana sawmill, while his younger brother, taking over management of the mill, struggles to understand him, in an atmospheric novel of famiy, justice, and obligation. 30,000 first printing.
 id : 479 ISBN : 0375726403  | name : Empire Falls  |  description : NATIONAL BESTSELLER • PULITZER PRIZE WINNER • The bestselling author of Nobody's Fool and Straight Man delves deep into the blue-collar heart of America in a work that overflows with hilarity, heartache, and grace. “Rich, humorous ... Mr. Russo’s most seductive book thus far.” —The New York Times Welcome to Empire Falls, a blue-collar town full of abandoned mills whose citizens surround themselves with the comforts and feuds provided by lifelong friends and neighbors and who find humor and hope in the most unlikely places, in this Pulitzer Prize-winning novel by Richard Russo. Miles Roby has been slinging burgers at the Empire Grill for 20 years, a job that cost him his college education and much of his self-respect. What keeps him there? It could be his bright, sensitive daughter Tick, who needs all his help surviving the local high school. Or maybe it’s Janine, Miles’ soon-to-be ex-wife, who’s taken up with a noxiously vain health-club proprietor. Or perhaps it’s the imperious Francine Whiting, who owns everything in town–and seems to believe that “everything” includes Miles himself.
 id : 481 ISBN : 0425156842  | name : Sophie's World  |  description : A novel about the history of philosophy chronicles the story of a teenaged girl who discovers a mysterious letter in her mailbox and embarks on a journey of philosophical discovery, taking her from Socrates to Sartre and beyond. Reprint.
 id : 483 ISBN : 0452277337  | name : Le Divorce  |  description : NATIONAL BOOK AWARD FINALIST "If one were to cross Jane Austen and Henry James, the result would be Diane Johnson."—San Francisco Chronicle The national bestseller and inspiration for the major motion picture starring Naomi Watts and Kate Hudson! Called "stylish... refreshing... genuinely wise” by The New York Times Book Review,this delightful comedy of manners and morals, money, marriage, and murder follows smart, sexy, and impeccably dressed American Isabel Walker as she lands in Paris to visit her stepsister Roxy, a poet whose marriage to an aristocratic French painter has assured her a coveted place in Parisian society—until her husband leaves her for the wife of an American lawyer. Could "le divorce" be far behind? Can irrepressible Isabel keep her perspective (and her love life) intact as cultures and human passions collide? "Social comedy at its best" (Los Angeles Times Book Review), Le Divorce is Diane Johnson at her most scintillating and sublime.
 id : 484 ISBN : 0553802488  | name : The Face  |  description : When a Hollywood star becomes the target of a twisted killer, ex-cop Ethan Truman confronts the secrets of his tragic past and premonitions of his own impending violent death as he struggles to solve the macabre riddles of a killer.
 id : 485 ISBN : 0671021001  | name : She's Come Undone  |  description : In this extraordinary coming-of-age odyssey, Wally Lamb invites us to hitch a wild ride on a journey of love, pain, and renewal with the most heartbreakingly comical heroine to come along in years. Meet Dolores Price. She's 13, wise-mouthed but wounded, having bid her childhood goodbye. Stranded in front of her bedroom TV, she spends the next few years nourishing herself with the Mallomars, potato chips, and Pepsi her anxious mother supplies. When she finally orbits into young womanhood at 257 pounds, Dolores is no stronger and life is no kinder. But this time she's determined to rise to the occasion and give herself one more chance before she really goes under.
 id : 487 ISBN : 0805063897  | name : Nickel and Dimed  |  description : The New York Times bestseller, and one of the most talked about books of the year, Nickel and Dimed has already become a classic of undercover reportage. Millions of Americans work for poverty-level wages, and one day Barbara Ehrenreich decided to join them. She was inspired in part by the rhetoric surrounding welfare reform, which promised that any job equals a better life. But how can anyone survive, let alone prosper, on $6 to $7 an hour? To find out, Ehrenreich moved from Florida to Maine to Minnesota, taking the cheapest lodgings available and accepting work as a waitress, hotel maid, house cleaner, nursing-home aide, and Wal-Mart salesperson. She soon discovered that even the "lowliest" occupations require exhausting mental and physical efforts. And one job is not enough; you need at least two if you intend to live indoors. Nickel and Dimed reveals low-wage America in all its tenacity, anxiety, and surprising generosity -- a land of Big Boxes, fast food, and a thousand desperate strategies for survival. Instantly acclaimed for its insight, humor, and passion, this book is changing the way America perceives its working poor.
 id : 489 ISBN : 0553285343  | name : The Russia House  |  description : World powers clash for dominance as a beautiful Russian woman carries out a staggering mission and a derelict English publisher becomes the unlikely recipient of the Soviet Union's top defense secret
 id : 490 ISBN : 0486285529  | name : Solv-a-crime Puzzles  |  description : Challenges the reader to solve forty-seven crimes, and provides solutions
 id : 491 ISBN : 0671002481  | name : The First Wives Club  |  description : Three faithful, middle-age wives, who have been abandoned for "trophy wives"--younger, blonder, and sexier models--by their successful husbands, decide to get even and seek public revenge before New York society
 id : 492 ISBN : 0812523385  | name : Selected Poems of Emily Dickinson  |  description : Background information accompanies more than a hundred of Dickinson's brief poems
 id : 493 ISBN : 0895774666  | name : Watercolor School  |  description : Provides visual explanations and simple exercises to build painting skills, and offers eight projects highlighting different subjects from the planning stage to the completed painting
 id : 497 ISBN : 0842329129  | name : Left Behind  |  description : After millions of people around the world vanish in one moment, in what many claim to be the Rapture, Rayford Steele begins a search for the truth amidst global chaos
 id : 498 ISBN : 0345451260  | name : Househusband  |  description : When his wife is offered her dream job, Linc Menner leaves his thriving landscape business in Los Angeles to move to Rochester, New York, and to take charge of the household, but he soon finds himself frustrated and bored, missing his wife who is working all hours and never has time for him anymore. A first novel.
 id : 499 ISBN : 0740700235  | name : Rinkitink in Oz. (Wonderful Oz Books, Book 10.)  |  description : When all the inhabitants of Pingaree are kidnapped by the mongrel hordes of twin island kingdoms, Prince Inga and his friend King Rinkitink decide to go to the rescue.
 id : 500 ISBN : 0380973545  | name : Letters from a Nut  |  description : Who is Ted L. Nancy? He's a concerned hotel guest searching for a lost tooth... He's a superstitious Vegas high-roller who wants to gamble at a casino in his lucky shrimp outfit... He's the genius inventor of "Six Day Underwear"... He's a demanding dramatist seeking an audience for his play about his 26-year-old dog, Cinnamon... He's the proud owner of Charles, a 36-year-old cat who owes his longevity to a pet food company... He's a loyal fan of the King of Tonga... He is, in reality, a twisted prankster -- a supremely off-kilter alter ego who sends patently ridiculous letters and queries to (and receives surprisingly earnest responses back from) corporate honchos, entertainment conglomerates, national publications, politicians, celebrities and heads of state to everyone, in fact, from the president of the Bon Ami Cleanser Company to U.S. Vice President Al Gore. Letters From A Nut is an insanely inspired, truly madcap collection of Nancy correspondence, a laugh-out-loud-in-public-places aggregation of official -- and officially certifiable -- requests, complaints, fan mail and questions that could not possibly have been taken seriously...but, amazingly, were! Dear Mr. Nancy:"It is not often that we receive such enthusiastic support for the paper bag." --The Paper Bag Council "On behalf of Greyhound, there should be no problem traveling while in your butter costume." --Greyhound Bus Lines "I look forward to working with you to create a better future for this great nation." -- Vice President Al Gore "An unending stream of some of the most hilarious exchanges I've ever read. Everyone I lent this book to just read it and laughed out loud like I did. It's so simple, yet totally inventive. I'm sure some sort of mail fraud charges could be brought to stop this man but, personally, I hope they never catch him." --Jerry Seinfeld
 id : 501 ISBN : 0393321576  | name : Karl Marx  |  description : Looks at the life of the father of Communism, focusing primarily on the human side of the man rather than his works.
 id : 502 ISBN : 0743424425  | name : The Shining  |  description : Jack Torrance sees his stint as winter caretaker of a Colorado hotel as a way back from failure, his wife sees it as a chance to preserve their family, and their five-year-old son sees the evil waiting just for them, as they journey into a world in which old horrors come to life to destroy the living. Reissue.
 id : 504 ISBN : 0446610178  | name : The Sky Is Falling  |  description : The Winthrops are America's royal family, and its Prince Charming is the sexy, charismatic Gary Winthrop. Now the man on his way to becoming the Senate's brightest new star is found murdered in his home-the latest in a series of incidents that have killed five members of the family in a single year. One of the last people to see Gary Winthrop alive is Washington anchorwoman Dana Evans. She makes it her mission to investigate these seemingly random tragedies, little realizing that her search will sweep her across several continents, place her and her young son in grave danger, and lead her to a truth that will astound the world.
 id : 505 ISBN : 0684854953  | name : Santa & Pete  |  description : A bus driver takes his grandson along on Saturdays as he travels a historical route around New York City. What comes out of these travels is a series of wonderful adventures that culminates on Christmas Eve, when the bus gets stuck in a snowstorm. Watercolor illustrations.
 id : 507 ISBN : 0380617625  | name : The Kingdom  |  description : Follows the line of the Saudi succession from its nineteenth-century origins to the present and chronicles the nation's ruling families' progression to an oil superpower.
 id : 509 ISBN : 0385337132  | name : The 37th Hour  |  description : A detective specializing in missing persons cases, Sarah Pribek becomes involved in a case that hits all too close to home, the mysterious disappearance of her own husband, a fellow police officer. A first novel. 150,000 first printing.
 id : 510 ISBN : 0440235057  | name : Be Cool  |  description : Chili Palmer plunges into the seediest, most dangerous corners of Hollywood's music business
 id : 511 ISBN : 0445402040  | name : The Hunted  |  description : A photo of Al Rosen saving guests in a hotel fire in Israel appears in daily newspapers across the United States, and from then on, everyone is looking for him, and somebody wants him dead
 id : 512 ISBN : 0618119760  | name : Saints of Big Harbour  |  description : Fatherless teen Guy Boucher finds himself at the center of an ugly rumor involving a popular girl, in a story told from the viewpoints of his overbearing uncle Isadore, the Shakespeare-loving Pam, a draft-dodging English teacher, and a pair of emotional golden boys.
 id : 514 ISBN : 0026329859  | name : From the Earth  |  description : Provides recipes ranging from traditional Buddhist-style preparations to the author's own personal creations and offers tips on cooking techniques
 id : 515 ISBN : 0060621257  | name : Living in the Presence  |  description : Offers meditations on fasts and feasts, God's presence, prayer, interior visualization, the emotions, healing, intercession, joy, and thanksgiving
 id : 516 ISBN : 0060915544  | name : The Bean Trees  |  description : Young, bright Taylor Greer leaves her poverty-stricken life in Kentucky and heads west, picking up an abandoned Native American baby girl whom she names Turtle and finds a new home in Tucson with Mattie, an old woman who takes in Central American refugees
 id : 517 ISBN : 0060917016  | name : Homeland and Other Stories  |  description : With the same wit and sensitivity that have come to characterize her highly praised and beloved novels Animal Dreams and The Bean Trees, Barbara Kingsolver gives us a rich and emotionally resonant collection of twelve stories. Spreading her memorable characters over landscapes ranging from northern-California to the hills of eastern Kentucky and the Caribbean island of St. Lucia, Kingsolver tells stories of hope, momentary joy, and powerful endurance. In every setting, Kingsolver's distinctive voice -- at times comic, but often heartrending -- rings true as she explores the twin themes of family ties and the life choices one must ultimately make alone. Homeland and Other Stories creates a world of love and possibility that readers will want to take as their own.
 id : 518 ISBN : 0060925000  | name : A Suitable Boy  |  description : While a widowed mother agonizes over her daughter's future, the newly independent India of the early 1950s struggles through a time of great crisis when its varied cultures clash. 100,000 first printing. $200,000 ad/promo. BOMC Main. QPB Alt. Tour.
 id : 520 ISBN : 0061000280  | name : The Fly on the Wall  |  description : Ace reporter John Cotton is a fly on the wall -- seeing all, hearing all, and keeping out of sight. But the game changes when he finds his best friend's corpse sprawled on the marble floor of the central rotunda of the U.S. Capitol. Suddenly Cotton knows too much about a scandal centered around a senatorial candidate, a million-dollar scam, and a murder. And he hears the pursuing footsteps of powerful people who have something to hide ... and a willingness to kill to keep their secrets hidden.
 id : 521 ISBN : 0192815318  | name : Cranford  |  description : A "classic portrait of life in a quiet English village in the early nineteenth century" which describes "the pretensions and prejudices, fears and follies, and pathetic attempts at 'elegant economy' of the genteel ladies of Cranford."--Back cover.
 id : 523 ISBN : 0380792664  | name : The Right Hand of Amon  |  description : When Kings Walked As Living Gods It is the eighteenth dynasty of Queen Maatkare Hatshepsut, divine ruler of a sun-seared realm. And blood flows as freely as the great, winding Nile that nourishes this ancient land of intrigue and danger. Lieutenant Bak is a loyal servant of the royal house of Egypt--commander of the Medjay police in the frontier fortress city of Buhen. A man of honor and ability, it is he who must oversee the corps assigned to accompany the golden idol, the god Amon, on its journey up the Nile to heal the ailing son of a powerful tribal king. But the mighty river has yielded up a sinister "treasure": the body of a brave soldier horrifically slain for reasons unknown. And only the drawings of a missing mute boy can help Bak unravel the mystery of the officer's foul death--before it leads to far greater crimes that could imperil an empire. WHEN KINGS WALKED AS LIVING GODS It is the eighteenth dynasty of Queen Maatkare Hatshepsut, divine ruler of a sun-seared realm. And blood flows as freely as the great, winding Nile that nourishes this ancient land of intrigue and danger. Lieutenant Bak is a loyal servant of the royal house of Egypt--commander of the Medjay police in the frontier fortress city of Buhen. A man of honor and ability, it is he who must oversee the corps assigned to accompany the golden idol, the god Amon, on its journey up the Nile to heal the ailing son of a powerful tribal king. But the mighty river has yielded up a sinister treasure: the body of a brave soldier horrifically slain for reasons unknown. And only the drawings of a missing mute boy can help Bak unravel the mystery of the officers foul death--before it leads to far greater crimes that could imperil an empire.
 id : 524 ISBN : 0393048977  | name : Last Blue  |  description : In this luminous new collection by the winner of the 1998 National Book Awardfor Poetry, Stern more deeply explores his light vs. darkness themes.
 id : 525 ISBN : 0399137807  | name : The Cat who Wasn't There  |  description : Persuaded to join a tour of Scotland, Jim Qwilleran finds his enjoyment of the trip threatened when a jewel thief swipes a suitcase, the bus driver vanishes, a fellow tourist is found dead, and Polly is tailed by the Pickax Prowler. 100,000 first printing. $65,000 ad/promo. Lit Guild & Doubleday Alt. Mystery Guild Main.
 id : 528 ISBN : 0451410556  | name : The Blue Last  |  description : Chief Inspector Mickey Haggerty asks his old friend Richard Jury to assist him in proving that the granddaughter of beer magnate Oliver Tynedale is in fact an imposter and that the real heiress died with her mother.
 id : 529 ISBN : 0451523318  | name : The Turn of the Screw and Other Short Novels  |  description : Henry James' short novels provide an overview of his entire career and serve as an excellent introduction to his singular art and imagination. This collection includes The Turn of the Screw, Daisy Miller, The Beast in the Jungle, An International Episode, The Aspern Papers and The Altar of the Dead. Major course adoption potential. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 530 ISBN : 0486281965  | name : The Country of the Pointed Firs  |  description : A classic of American fiction, memorializing the traditions, manners and dialect of Maine coast natives at the turn of the 20th century. In luminous evocations of their lives, Maine-born Jewett created startlingly real portraits of individual New Englanders, and a warm, humorous, and compassionate vision of New England character.
 id : 535 ISBN : 081296666X  | name : Things My Girlfriend and I Have Argued About  |  description : Things My Girlfriend and I Have Argued About concerns a guy named Pel who lives with his German girlfriend, Ursula. Pel leads an uneventful life—quietly bluffing his way through his job and discovering new things to argue about with Ursula. But when his boss mysteriously disappears, Pel steps innocently into his shoes and his life spirals out of control in a chaotic whirl of stolen money, missing colleagues, and Chinese mafiosi. Its fractured thriller plot punctuated by blazingly hilarious set-piece arguments between the hapless Pel and the unflappable Ursula, Things My Girlfriend and I Have Argued About is a brilliant comic novel examining the unique warfare in long-term relationships.
 id : 536 ISBN : 0819215635  | name : Listening Hearts  |  description : Explores the themes of call, discernment, and community as they relate to each other. It asks us to listen to our hearts so that we may discover ourselves. This guides us on how we can remain faithful and accountable.
 id : 537 ISBN : 0880011025  | name : Unattainable Earth,  |  description : Begun in the winter of 1955 and completed in the spring of 1956, Treatise on Poetry is a brilliant meditative poem fully expressive of the powers that have made Milosz one of our greatest writers. Expertly translated, the poem is divided into four parts -- Europe at the turn of the century, the condition of Polish culture between the two world wars, the harsh reality of World War II, and the role of the poet in the postwar world. Here Milosz addresses the failure of early-20th-century Polish poetry. With vast historical sweep and in language that enables readers to see "as if in a flash of summer lighting", Milosz offers a fascinating account of the mysterious art of poetry.
 id : 538 ISBN : 1561011525  | name : The Practice of Prayer  |  description : In this down-to-earth book on the essentials of prayer, Margaret Guenther answers many of the common questions of the spiritual life, such as How do we learn to listen to God in our prayer? and, How do we develop a life of prayer in the midst of busy, active lives? She includes practical descriptions of a number of ways Christians have prayed through the centuries, from using the Jesus Prayer or rosary to praying with the stories of scripture and prayer book liturgies. Guenther also discusses basic matters of Christian practice, such as making a confession, intercession, going on retreat, simplifying our lives, using a journal to pray, finding a spiritual director, and praying through times of desolation when God does not seem to be listening.
 id : 539 ISBN : 1877727083  | name : Vertical Poetry  |  description : Winner of the Colorado Book Award for Translation upon its release, this book brings to English-speaking audiences new work by this brilliant Argentine poet of whom Octavio Paz says, "Each of Juarroz's poems is a surprising verbal crystallization: language reduced to a drop of light." In Juarroz's work we encounter the vertical depths of language, the inner wells.
 id : 540 ISBN : 0486206173  | name : Rubinstein's Chess Masterpieces  |  description : Here are 100 of Rubenstein's best games against such opponents as Euwe, Janowski, Kashdan, Marshall, Tarrasch, and many others. His highly original contributions to chess theory cannot be overlooked by any serious player.
 id : 541 ISBN : 0312278586  | name : The Nanny Diaries  |  description : A satirical glimpse into Manhattan's upper class follows Nanny, a struggling NYU student who takes a position caring for the son of the rich and glamorous X family, as she learns how to juggle a vast array of tasks so that a Park Avenue wife never has tolift a well-manicured finger.
 id : 542 ISBN : 8845229041  | name : Sulla sponda del fiume Piedra mi sono seduta e ho pianto  |  description : Pilar ritrova a Madrid l'amico dell'infanzia. Questi ha girato il mondo ed è poi entrato in seminario, dove si dice abbia fatto miracoli. Pilar è una donna passionale, ma delusa dalla vita. Con l'amico d'infanzia compie un viaggio di sei giorni durante il quale la donna ritrova se stessa attraverso una riflessione mistico-iniziatica. I due si recano a Lourdes dove cementeranno il loro amore alla luce di una fede che esalta i valori della missione nel mondo.
 id : 545 ISBN : 0674511255  | name : The Last Best Hope of Earth  |  description : Discusses the influence of politics on Lincoln's life, the development of his ideas on military strategy, and his defense of the Constitution
 id : 547 ISBN : 0312965745  | name : Secrets of St. John's Wort  |  description : Learn more about "nature's Prozac" If you have mild to moderate depression and don't want the unpleasant side-effects or hug price tag of prescription antidepressants, St. John's wort could be just what you're looking for! It has been used for thousands of years throughout Europe, but Americans are just finding out about the miraculous healing powers of St. John's wort. Also known as Hypericum, this simple flowering herb has been proven to work as well as-and sometimes even better than-prescription antidepressants. In Secrets of St. John's Wort, you'll learn how Hypericum can be used in its various forms to elevate your mood and improve overall health. This easy-to-use, step-by-step program also shows you: -How to tell if you're a candidate for St. John's wort -How it works in the body and what to expect from it -Where to find good quality St. Johns' wort, including mail order sources -A comparison with Prozac and other medications -Detailed instructions of dosage and frequency for optimum results Discover the amazing natural antidepressant-discover the Secrets of St. John's Wort.
 id : 548 ISBN : 0345374657  | name : Diet for a Poisoned Planet  |  description : Here is a thoroughly researched guide to the foods that are safest and the ones that are most dangerous in each of the major food groups.
 id : 549 ISBN : 0395710901  | name : Punished by Rewards  |  description : Criticizes the system of motivating through reward, offering arguments for motivating people by working with them instead of doing things to them
 id : 550 ISBN : 080521061X  | name : Montessori Today  |  description : Paula Lillard, director of a Montessori school ranging in age from 18 months to fifteen years, provides a clear and cogent introduction to the Montessori program for the elementary and later years. In detailed accounts, Lillard shows how children acquire the skills to answer their own questions, learn to manage freedom with responsibility, and maintain a high level of intellectual stimulation by using the Montessori method. This is an essential handbook for parents and teachers who have chosen the Montessori alternative for the older child.
 id : 551 ISBN : 0823032612  | name : Sketching Techniques  |  description : Recommends sketchbooks, pens, pencils, markers and water colors, shows how to draw people, animals, and landscapes, and gives advice on shapes, patterns, composition, and values
 id : 552 ISBN : 0679310002  | name : Going Down Swinging  |  description : A remarkable debut novel and bittersweet tale of the unflinching love and devotion between a mother and daughter.Razor sharp and darkly funny "Going Down Swinging chronicles two years in the life of the Hoffmans. Eilleen Hoffman has just told Danny, her con-artist lover and father of her youngest daughter Grace, to get out -- for good. Once a teacher, Eilleen lived a middle-class life, but her taste in men coupled with a predilection for pills and booze has brought her down. Desperate to prevent her family from sinking deeper into poverty, Eilleen reluctantly goes on welfare. Eventually she turns to the only friends she has left, hustlers and hookers, to learn how a woman makes fast money, no investment necessary.With Eilleen on welfare and her older daughter Charlotte a teenaged runaway, child welfare authorities descend on the Hoffmans. As Eilleen trails through several attempts at drying out, the well-intentioned Children's Protection Society finally intervenes to apprehend Grace. With the threat of prolonged separation now a stark reality, Eilleen and Grace must rally to confront their demons with grit, determination and humour. Unblinkingly observed and brilliantly written, "Going Down Swinging is about the powerful bond between mother and child. And with her skilful narrative interplay, Billie Livingston illustrates poignantly how the truth of our stories lies not so much in the black and white, as it does in the grey.
 id : 554 ISBN : 0316171107  | name : Like a Hole in the Head  |  description : After buying and reselling a valuable book, Jill must find the current owner or lose her life to the assassin who demands she return the book to him
 id : 555 ISBN : 0380710218  | name : Postmortem  |  description : Dr Kay Scarpetta uses forensic medicine to try to catch the killer of five young women.
 id : 556 ISBN : 0515118656  | name : The Cove  |  description : A picturesque town. A woman on the run. An undercover agent. The first riveting novel in Catherine Coulter's #1 New York Times bestselling FBI Thriller series. Sally Brainerd can't remember what happened the night her father was murdered. Maybe she did it. Or maybe it was her poor, traumatized mother. Either way, the safest place for her is far away from Washington, D.C.. But while her aunt's home in The Cove should be a quiet refuge, Sally can't shake the feeling that there's something not quite right about the postcard perfect little town. Despite his target's checkered past and convenient memory loss, FBI Special Agent James Quinlan isn't convinced she's the killer—but maybe she knows who is. As he uses his cover to get close to Sally and unearth the memories her mind has hidden away, James can't deny his connection to the troubled woman. But as their lies and passions intertwine, Sally and James soon learn they aren't the only ones keeping deadly secrets in The Cove...
 id : 557 ISBN : 0553289063  | name : An Inconvenient Woman  |  description : Flo March, the innocent mistress of billionaire financier and art collector Jules Mendelson, knows too much about the "suicide" of Hector Paradiso and about the machinations of her lover and the workings of the Hollywood underworld
 id : 561 ISBN : 0425178242  | name : Kick Ass  |  description : A collection of the unique and passionate columns by Carl Hiaasen of the Miami Herald examines the outrageous carnival of southern Florida and all its inhabitants--thieves, conmen, hustlers, perfumed swine, legal swindlers and patriotic crooks, executioners, and lap dancers. Reprint.
 id : 565 ISBN : 0385721420  | name : Three Junes  |  description : NATIONAL BOOK AWARD WINNER • NATIONAL BESTSELLER • An astonishing novel that traces the lives of a Scottish family over a decade as they confront the joys and longings, fulfillments and betrayals of love in all its guises. In June of 1989 Paul McLeod, a newspaper publisher and recent widower, travels to Greece, where he falls for a young American artist and reflects on the complicated truth about his marriage.... Six years later, again in June, Paul’s death draws his three grown sons and their families back to their ancestral home. Fenno, the eldest, a wry, introspective gay man, narrates the events of this unforeseen reunion. Far from his straitlaced expatriate life as a bookseller in Greenwich Village, Fenno is stunned by a series of revelations that threaten his carefully crafted defenses.... Four years farther on, in yet another June, a chance meeting on the Long Island shore brings Fenno together with Fern Olitsky, the artist who once captivated his father. Now pregnant, Fern must weigh her guilt about the past against her wishes for the future and decide what family means to her. In prose rich with compassion and wit, Three Junes paints a haunting portrait of love’s redemptive powers.
 id : 566 ISBN : 0451202341  | name : Back Roads  |  description : With his mother in jail for killing his abusive father, nineteen-year-old Harley Altmyer is saddled with raising his three younger sisters, working two jobs to pay the bills, and an overactive libido that will not let him rest. Reprint.
 id : 567 ISBN : 0743418190  | name : In Her Shoes  |  description : Twenty-eight-year-old Maggie Feller, who goes from job to job on the fringes of show business, and her older sister Rose, a lawyer, have had no contact with their grandmother, Ella, since their mother's death years ago, but all three need to find each other to reach happiness.
 id : 568 ISBN : 0385335407  | name : The Kiss  |  description : Trapped in a loveless marriage, Frenchwoman Isabelle cares for her daughter and dangerously ill son while pursuing a secret friendship with American power broker Bill Robinson, until a car accident tests their growing love. 1,000,000 first printing.
 id : 569 ISBN : 0965746828  | name : Home Spun  |  description : A selection of articles from the author's column printed in the Houston chronicle between 1989 and 1996 explore church pew etiquette, high school football, the change of the seasons, and what can happen when you turn off the TV
 id : 570 ISBN : 0060923245  | name : Sweet Hereafter  |  description : In The Sweet Hereafter, Russell Banks tells a story that begins with a school bus accident. Using four different narrators, Banks creates a small-town morality play that addresses one of life's most agonizing questions: when the worst thing happens, who do you blame?
 id : 571 ISBN : 0486272664  | name : The Rime of the Ancient Mariner and Other Poems  |  description : Great title poem plus "Kubla Khan," "Christabel," 20 other sonnets, lyrics, odes: "Sonnet: To a Friend who asked how I felt when the Nurse first presented my Infant to me," "Frost at Midnight," "The Nightingale," "The Pains of Sleep," "To William Wordsworth," "Youth and Age," many more. Alphabetical lists of titles and first lines.
 id : 573 ISBN : 0060913509  | name : In Country RI  |  description : Vietnam's moral fallout is revealed to "Sam" Hughes, an eighteen-year-old Kentucky girl whose father was killed in the war and whose Uncle Emmett may be suffering from Agent Orange
 id : 574 ISBN : 0553272837  | name : Brazen Virtue  |  description : NOW THE NETFLIX FILM BRAZEN, STARRING ALYSSA MILANO From #1 New York Times bestselling author Nora Roberts comes a novel that explores the dangerous side of desire, when a mystery writer in search of a little peace and quiet instead finds herself ensnared in the world of a real-life serial killer whose craving for murder stops at nothing . . . and no one. After a demanding book tour, superstar mystery novelist Grace McCabe decides to visit her sister, Kathleen, who’s embroiled in a custody battle after a bitter divorce. Arriving in D.C., Grace is shocked to find Kathleen living in a run-down neighborhood and, hoping to afford a hotshot lawyer, supplementing her meager teacher’s salary by moonlighting as a phone sex operator. According to Kathleen, Fantasy, Inc., guarantees its employees ironclad anonymity. But Grace has her doubts—which are confirmed one horrifying cherry-blossom-scented night when one of Fantasy, Inc.’s operators is murdered. As Grace is drawn to help solve the crime, her life turns into a scene from one of her own books. Yet as one of her biggest fans, investigator Ed Jackson, warns her: This isn’t fiction. Real people die—and Grace could be next. For she’s hoping to trap a killer more twisted than anything she could imagine. And not even Ed may be able to protect her from a rendezvous with lust and death.
 id : 576 ISBN : 0312145543  | name : Brewing Up a Storm  |  description : When the leader of No-Beer Buying Youngsters (NOBBY) is murdered during a protest, it is up to John Putnam Thatcher to discover whether it was a brewery owner, a politician, or one of her own supporters who was responsible for the killing.
 id : 578 ISBN : 0380732688  | name : Milk and Honey  |  description : In the silent pre-dawn city hours -- alone with his thoughts about Rina Lazarus, the woman he loves, three thousand miles away in New York -- LAPD detective Peter Decker finds a small child, abandoned and covered in blood that is not hers. It is a sobering discovery, and a perplexing one, for nobody in the development where she was found steps forward to claim the little girl. Obsessed more deeply by this case than he imagined possible, Decker is determined to follow the scant clues to an answer. But his trail is leading him to a killing ground where four bodies lie still and lifeless. And by the time Rina returns, Peter Decker is already held fast in a sticky mass of hatred, passion, and murder -- in a world where intense sweetness is accompanied by a deadly sting.
 id : 579 ISBN : 0140286276  | name : The Deep End of the Ocean  |  description : "Masterful...A big story about human connection and emotional survival" - Los Angeles Times The first book ever chosen by Oprah's Book Club Few first novels receive the kind of attention and acclaim showered on this powerful story—a nationwide bestseller, a critical success, and the first title chosen for Oprah's Book Club. Both highly suspenseful and deeply moving, The Deep End of the Ocean imagines every mother's worst nightmare—the disappearance of a child—as it explores a family's struggle to endure, even against extraordinary odds. Filled with compassion, humor, and brilliant observations about the texture of real life, here is a story of rare power, one that will touch readers' hearts and make them celebrate the emotions that make us all one.
 id : 580 ISBN : 0373484100  | name : Night Tales  |  description : Four chilling novels of romantic suspense come together in an omnibus edition featuring Night Shift, Night Shadow, Nightshade, and Night Smoke, in which passions ignite between Natalie Fletcher and arson investigator Ryan Piasecki. Reprint.
 id : 581 ISBN : 0449907481  | name : A Thousand Acres  |  description : On a prospering Iowa farm in the 1970s, wealthy farmer Lawrence Cook announces his intentions to divide the farm among his daughters, setting off a family crisis reminiscent of Shakespeare's "King Lear"
 id : 582 ISBN : 0553107305  | name : Chopping Spree  |  description : Asked to cater an event for the over-privileged "elite shoppers" of Westside Mall, Colorado chef Goldy B. Schulz finds herself embroiled in an investigation involving a psychopathic serial killer, in a whodunit accompanied by ten original recipes. 125,000 first printing.
 id : 583 ISBN : 080213825X  | name : Four Blondes  |  description : Four very different women endure romantic intrigues, betrayals, liaisons, and victories as they seek love amid the playgrounds of the rich and powerful.
 id : 584 ISBN : 0515127833  | name : River's End  |  description : #1 New York Times bestselling author Nora Roberts presents a seductively suspenseful tale of one woman’s shattered innocence, the terrifying search for truth and a heart’s journey toward healing… Olivia’s parents were among Hollywood’s golden couples—until the night a monster came and took her mother away forever. A monster with the face of her father... Sheltered from the truth, an older Olivia only dimly recalls her night of terror—but her recurring nightmares make her realize she must piece together the real story. Now, assisted by Noah Brady, the son of the police detective who found her cowering in her closet so many years before, she may have her chance. Noah wants to reconstruct the night that has become an infamous part of Hollywood history. He also wants to help Olivia and heal the longing in her lonely heart. But once the door to her past is opened, there’s no telling what’s waiting on the other side. For somewhere, not too far away, the monster walks again...
 id : 585 ISBN : 0345441133  | name : Summer Island  |  description : NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER • The author of the cherished bestseller On Mystic Lake returns with a poignant, funny, luminous novel about a mother and daughter--the complex ties that bind them, the past that separates them, and the healing that comes with forgiveness. “[Kristin] Hannah is superb at delving into the characters' psyches and delineating nuances of feeling.”—Washington Post Book World Years ago, Nora Bridge walked out on her marriage and left her daughters behind. She has since become a famous radio talk-show host and newspaper columnist beloved for her moral advice. Her youngest daughter, Ruby, is a struggling comedienne who uses her famous mother as fuel for her bitter, cynical humor. When the tabloids unearth a scandalous secret from Nora's past, their estrangement suddenly becomes dramatic: Nora is injured in an accident and a glossy magazine offers Ruby a fortune to write a tell-all about her mother. Under false pretenses, Ruby returns home to take care of the woman she hasn't spoken to for almost a decade. Nora insists they retreat to Summer Island in the San Juans, to the lovely old house on the water where Ruby grew up, a place filled with childhood memories of love and joy and belonging. There Ruby is also reunited with her first love and his brother. Once, the three of them had been best friends, inseparable. Until the summer that Nora had left and everyone's hearts had been broken. . . . What began as an expose evolves, as Ruby writes, into an exploration of her family's past. Nora is not the woman Ruby has hated all these years. Witty, wise, and vulnerable, she is desperate to reconcile with her daughter. As the magazine deadline draws near and Ruby finishes what has begun to seem to her an act of brutal betrayal, she is forced to grow up and at last to look at her mother--and herself--through the eyes of a woman. And she must, finally, allow herself to love. Summer Island is a beautiful novel, funny, tender, sad, and ultimately triumphant.
 id : 586 ISBN : 0515134279  | name : The Straw Men  |  description : One person wades though a seemingly unconnected series of events--a methodical mass killing in Pennsylvania, a missing girl in California, and the possible death of a couple in Montana--on the way to a confrontation with the Straw Men.
 id : 588 ISBN : 0385490992  | name : The Street Lawyer  |  description : After a violent encouanter with a homeless man, talented corporate lawyer Michael finds himself out on the streets, lucky to be alive, and holding a top-secret file belonging to his former employer
 id : 589 ISBN : 0385424728  | name : The Chamber  |  description : #1 NEW YORK TIMES BEST SELLER • "A dark and thoughtful tale... Grisham is at his best." —People In the corridors of Chicago's top law firm: Twenty -six-year-old Adam Hall stands on the brink of a brilliant legal career. Now he is risking it all for a death-row killer and an impossible case. Maximum Security Unit, Mississippi State Prison: Sam Cayhall is a former Klansman and unrepentant racist now facing the death penalty for a fatal bombing in 1967. He has run out of chances -- except for one: the young, liberal Chicago lawyer who just happens to be his grandson. While the executioners prepare the gas chamber, while the protesters gather and the TV cameras wait, Adam has only days, hours, minutes to save his client. For between the two men is a chasm of shame, family lies, and secrets -- including the one secret that could save Sam Cayhall's life... or cost Adam his.
 id : 590 ISBN : 0312980388  | name : Warlock  |  description : After the death of his beloved Queen Lostris, Taita heads to the harsh deserts of North Africa to devote himself to a study of the occult, to become a warlock, and to fulfill his destiny to protect the dynasty of Lostris from the evil that threatens ancient Egypt. Reprint.
 id : 592 ISBN : 0385472951  | name : The Partner  |  description : The best-selling author of The Runaway Jury, The Pelican Brief, and A Time to Kill explores the dark and dangerous depths of America's legal system in a new thriller. 2,500,000 first printing.
 id : 593 ISBN : 0451195663  | name : Primal Scream  |  description : Inspector Robert DeClercq and his Special X Team pursue the Headhunter, a psychopath who leaves a trial of headless bodies in his wake, while trying to save young Katt from the crazy kidnapper and killer. Original.
 id : 594 ISBN : 0425182878  | name : Chosen Prey  |  description : Hoping to use a supposedly straightforward case of murder to clear his mind, Deputy Chief Lucas Davenport finds himself matching wits with an ever-escalating serial killer, art history professor, congenial pervert, and sexual predator James Qatar.
 id : 596 ISBN : 055356451X  | name : Night Sins  |  description : A peaceful Minnesota town, where crime is something that just doesn’t happen, is about to face its worst nightmare. A young boy disappears. There are no witnesses, no clues—only a note, cleverly taunting, casually cruel. Has a cold-blooded kidnapper struck? Or is this the reawakening of a long-quiet serial killer? A tough-minded investigator on her first, make-or-break case . . . A local cop who fears that big-city evils have come to stalk his small-town home . . . Together they are hunting for a madman who knows no bounds, to protect a town that may never feel safe again.
 id : 598 ISBN : 0849943728  | name : Three  |  description : 02
 id : 600 ISBN : 084994371X  | name : Blink  |  description : A Saudi Arabian princess flees a painful forced marriage for the promise of America and teams up with graduate student Seth, who possesses the ability to see multiple possible futures, in a dangerous struggle for power. Original.
 id : 602 ISBN : 0020442408  | name : Prince Caspian  |  description : Fantasy.
 id : 603 ISBN : 0553225987  | name : Robert's Rules of Order  |  description : A handbook on parliamentary procedure for organizations, includes information on conducting business meetings, presenting motions, controlling debates and voting
 id : 604 ISBN : 042517736X  | name : Abduction  |  description : A mysterious transmission from the depths of the Atlantic Ocean sends a team of oceanographers and divers on a perilous quest in search of a discovery that could transform modern science and the future of humankind. Original.
 id : 607 ISBN : 0553202294  | name : Linda Goodman's Sun Signs  |  description : Find out what's really happening in your life and the lives of those around you. Is he really unstable beneath that placid exterior? Is she marrying you for your money alone? When should you give a wayward spouse the benefit of the doubt? How can you adjust your inner moods to your best advantage, knowing when to push and when to pull back, when to speak up and when to shut up? What is the best time to ask your boss for that raise, your girl for her heart and hand, your brother-in-law for a loan? Learn all this and much, much more from the world-famous astrologer who has helped millions divine their way to happiness, love, and profit by studying the sun signs. Amaze your friends and yourself with your insight into their most hidden characteristics. Be the best that you can possibly be with -- "Sun Signs,"
 id : 608 ISBN : 0345313860  | name : The Vampire Lestat  |  description : #1 New York Times Bestselling author - Surrender to fiction's greatest creature of the night - Book II of the Vampire Chronicles The vampire hero of Anne Rice’s enthralling novel is a creature of the darkest and richest imagination. Once an aristocrat in the heady days of pre-revolutionary France, now a rock star in the demonic, shimmering 1980s, he rushes through the centuries in search of others like him, seeking answers to the mystery of his eternal, terrifying exsitence. His is a mesmerizing story—passionate, complex, and thrilling. Praise for The Vampire Lestat “Frightening, sensual . . . Anne Rice will live on through the ages of literature. . . . To read her is to become giddy as if spinning through the mind of time, to become lightheaded as if our blood is slowly being drained away.”—San Francisco Chronicle “Fiercely ambitious, nothing less than a complete unnatural history of vampires.”—The Village Voice “Brilliant . . . its undead characters are utterly alive.”—The New York Times Book Review “Luxuriantly created and richly told.”—The Cleveland Plain Dealer
 id : 609 ISBN : 0345369947  | name : The Mummy Or Ramses the Damned  |  description : Doomed forever to wander the earth, desperate to quell his insatiable hungers, Ramses the Damned turns up in Edwardian London as Dr. Ramsey and begins a romance with heiress Julie Stratford, but his cursed past again propels him toward disaster
 id : 610 ISBN : 067170124X  | name : His Little Women  |  description : The four daughters of Hollywood producer Sam Pearlstein--the children of his marriages to three wildly different women--vie for their father's attention
 id : 611 ISBN : 0345353625  | name : Her Mother's Daughter  |  description : A rich and compelling story about four generations of magnificent women, celebrating the love, pride, sacrifice, devotion, and unheralded triumph of all women's lives.
 id : 613 ISBN : 006017143X  | name : The Night Listener  |  description : Here is the much-anticipated new work from one of America's literary icons--a gripping novel of suspense that explores the boundaries of the human heart. Gabriel Noone is a teller of tales, a writer whose cult-hit radio serial "Noone at Night" brought him into the homes of millions, including an ailing 13-year-old boy named Pete Lomax. Meeting through extraordinary circumstances, Noone develops a remarkable friendship with Pete, a connection that evolves into a profound mystery that will blur the lines between truth and illusion, and lead Noone to confront all of his relationships--familial, romantic, and erotic--knowledge that will alter his perception of himself and his life forever. The Night Listener is Armistead Maupin's most ambitious and daringly imaginative novel, a tale that will challenge and move his many fans as never before
 id : 615 ISBN : 0679401377  | name : The Hellfire Club  |  description : Living with her weakling husband in a Connecticut town that has been the scene of four recent serial murders, housewife Nora Chancel is kidnapped by the accused killer and becomes his hostage on a perilous odyssey through New England, with the police in hot pursuit. 100,000 first printing.
 id : 616 ISBN : 1562827049  | name : The Diary of Jack the Ripper  |  description : The story of the uncovering and authentication of a diary believed to be that of infamous serial killer "Jack the Ripper" relates information about the murders that has never been revealed
 id : 617 ISBN : 0385306032  | name : Vanished  |  description : Guilt-ridden over the death of her first child--a secret she has kept from her second husband--Marielle Patterson finds her past returning to haunt her when her second son is abducted. 1,300,000 first printing. $1,300,000 ad/promo. Lit Guild Main.
 id : 619 ISBN : 0821772953  | name : The Morning After  |  description : Determined to make a name for herself, Savannah journalist Nikki Gillette begins following Pierce Reed as he investigates the serial killer known as The Grave Robber, who is burying women alive, but her quest for fame and fortune turns deadly when the killer sets his sights on her. Original.
 id : 622 ISBN : 0743206053  | name : Kitchen Privileges  |  description : In a memoir of growing up in the Bronx during the Depression, the author recalls her father's death in 1939, her family's financial woes, and her mother's creation of a rooming house, bringing in tenants who would change their lives.
 id : 625 ISBN : 0590870157  | name : My Garden  |  description : A young boy guides the reader through his garden.
 id : 627 ISBN : 0440441501  | name : In the Dinosaur's Paw  |  description : Richard Best finds a magic ruler in his desk, which seems to make his wishes come true, including one he wishes he could undo.
 id : 629 ISBN : 0439061644  | name : The First Journey  |  description : In a "choose your own adventure" story, the reader can decide what he or she would do if given the chance to become an Animorph, join Jake and the crew, and battle the Yeerks. Original.
 id : 631 ISBN : 0307118703  | name : My First Book about Space  |  description : Answers such astronomical questions as "Why don't we fall off the earth?", "Can anybody go near the sun?", "Do stars shine forever?", and "Are there any space creatures?"
 id : 632 ISBN : 0590418858  | name : You be the Jury  |  description : Ten courtroom mysteries with illustrated clues. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 634 ISBN : 0816728739  | name : The Time Machine  |  description : A scientist invents a time machine and uses it to travel hundreds of thousands of years into the future, where he discovers the childlike Eloi and the hideous underground Morlocks.
 id : 636 ISBN : 0812519655  | name : Sacred Ground  |  description : The granddaughter of a Native American shaman and a hard-boiled private investigator, Jennifer Talldeer calls on her skill in magic to confront an evil ancient force awakened by construction workers at an Indian burial ground. Reprint.
 id : 638 ISBN : 0449211770  | name : The Tightrope Walker  |  description : "A superb book." THE HOUSTON CHRONICLE When quiet, shy Amelia Jones reads a desperate message that has fallen out of a barrel organ in the antique shop she just bought, she can't forget the words, "They're going to kill me soon..." Armed only with the woman's first name and the note written years before, Amelia begins a journey into the past, a search that takes her from the protective cocoon she's wrapped herself in to a precarious world where nothing is the way it seems, where fear is second nature, and dark secrets just might uncover murder--her own....
 id : 639 ISBN : 193072229X  | name : MoveOn's 50 Ways to Love Your Country  |  description : Based on the principles of MoveOn.org, one of the most successful grassroots Internet political organizations, this citizen's action guide lists some proven tactics for shaking up the current political structure, including a section on "how to organize a constituent meeting." Original. 50,000 first printing. $100,000 ad/promo.
 id : 642 ISBN : 1400077826  | name : Cold Mountain  |  description : Inman, a wounded soldier, walks away from the front during the Civil War to return to his prewar sweetheart, Ada, who desperately works to revive a struggling farm.
 id : 643 ISBN : 0312995431  | name : A Fountain Filled With Blood  |  description : When a violent attack on a doctor triggers a series of gay hate crimes in the Adirondack town of Miller's Kill, Episcopalian priest Clare Fergusson and police chief Russ Van Alstyne, struggling with their mutual attraction, investigate a range of suspects. Reprint.
 id : 644 ISBN : 0312312628  | name : Out of the Deep I Cry  |  description : When a doctor from a local free clinic disappears, Episcopal priest Clare Fergusson and police chief Russ van Alstyne pursue an investigation with links to the jazz age, prohibition, and the Great Depression.
 id : 646 ISBN : 0590021117  | name : Little House on the Prairie  |  description : A family travels from the big woods of Wisconsin, to a new home on the praire, where they build a house, meet neighboring Indians, build a well, and fight a praire fire.
 id : 647 ISBN : 068484267X  | name : Angela's Ashes  |  description : The author recounts his childhood in Depression-era Brooklyn as the child of Irish immigrants who decide to return to worse poverty in Ireland when his infant sister dies
 id : 648 ISBN : 0553578693  | name : The Next Accident  |  description : When the daughter of FBI Special Agent Pierce Quincy dies suddenly, the death is ruled an accident, until investigator Rainie Conner uncovers evidence that points to a killer with the ability to unleash his victims' innermost fears.
 id : 649 ISBN : 0380709260  | name : Socks  |  description : Socks, the Bricker's cat, finds a new rival in the form of the Bricker's new baby, Charles William, until he and the baby become partners in mischief.
 id : 651 ISBN : 0312986769  | name : In the Bleak Midwinter  |  description : Clare Fergusson, the first female priest of an Episcopal church in Millers Kill, New York, finds herself immersed in murder when a newbown baby is abandoned and a young mother is brutally slain, forcing her to dig deeply into the town's secrets.
 id : 652 ISBN : 0345413377  | name : The Amber Spyglass  |  description : Lyra pays a painful price to walk through the land of the dead, while the battle for the Kingdom of Heaven rages on and ultimately unlocks the secret of Dust.
 id : 654 ISBN : 0679893105  | name : The Golden Compass  |  description : Now in a deluxe Knopf Paperback edition here is the first book in Philip Pullman's critically acclaimed epic fantasy trilogy chronicalling the otherworldly adventures of Lyra and her companions.
 id : 655 ISBN : 0061096091  | name : Eyeshot  |  description : While investigating the disappearance and murder of Julia Winchell, Cincinnati homicide detective Sonora Blair uncovers a link to the unsolved murder of the first wife of the city's district attorney, who may now be targeting his pregnant second wife ford
 id : 656 ISBN : 0345369068  | name : If Ever I Return, Pretty Peggy O  |  description : Sheriff Spencer Arrowood keeps the peace in his small Tennessee town most of the time. Every once in a while, though, something goes wrong. When 1960s folksinger Peggy Muryan moves to town seeking solitude and a career comeback, and she receives a postcard with a threatening message, her idyll is shattered. Then a local girl who looks like Peggy vanishes without a trace. Although she was once famous, Peggy has no fondness for the old times. Those days are best left forgotten for Spencer Arrowood, too. But sometimes the past can't rest, and those who try to forget it are doomed to relive it....
 id : 657 ISBN : 0451184718  | name : The Rosewood Casket  |  description : As an elderly man lies dying on his Appalachian farm, a mountain wise woman brings to light a small box to be buried with him--one that contains a dark secret from his mysterious past!
 id : 658 ISBN : 0449209121  | name : The Amazing Mrs. Pollifax  |  description : Once again the irrepressible Mrs. Pollifax, that very special agent with her own very special brand of logic, is off on an incredible escapade of international intrigue . . . from the exotic towns and countryside of Turkey to a mysterious rendezvous with a gypsy caravan. “You are in effect replacing a dead man, Mrs. Pollifax. . . .” When Emily Pollifax answered the phone that Sunday morning she quickly forgot about her Garden Club tea in the afternoon. The last time she had heard the voice on the other end of the line it had sent of her off on a journey that plunged her into a wild tangle of secret agents and high adventure. Now the man from the CIA was asking if she could leave immediately on a mission that would take her halfway across the world. What could Mrs. Pollifax say but yes? Praise for The Amazing Mrs. Pollifax “Mrs. Pollifax is an enchantress.”—The New York Times “One of the most suspense-creating and unorthodox heroines of our time is Mrs. Pollifax . . . . A charmer!”—Shrevport Times
 id : 659 ISBN : 0060938455  | name : Fast Food Nation  |  description : Explores the homogenization of American society and the impact of the fast food industry on modern-day health, economics, politics, popular culture, entertainment, and food production.
 id : 660 ISBN : 080411952X  | name : The Unsung Hero  |  description : Suzanne Brockmann’s wildly popular Troubleshooters series showcases this master storyteller’s rare gift for blending intense adventure with sensuous romance. And it all begins with The Unsung Hero, a heart-pounding tale of love that reveals hidden truths and brings two solitary people together against all odds. After a near-fatal head injury, Navy SEAL lieutenant Tom Paoletti catches a glimpse of an international terrorist in his New England hometown. When he calls for help, the Navy dismisses the sighting as injury-induced imaginings. In a last-ditch effort to prevent disaster, Tom creates his own makeshift counterterrorism team, assembling his most loyal officers, two elderly war veterans, a couple of misfit teenagers, and Dr. Kelly Ashton. As the town’s infamous bad boy, Tom was always in love with Kelly, a sweet “girl next door” who has grown into a remarkable woman. Now he has one final chance for happiness, one last chance to win her heart, and one desperate chance to save the day. “Thanks to Suzanne Brockmann’s glorious pen, we all get to revel in heartstopping adventure and blistering romance.”—RT Book Reviews
 id : 661 ISBN : 0060575808  | name : The Two Princesses of Bamarre  |  description : "Step follows step. Hope follows courage. Set your face toward danger. Set your heart on victory." Princess Meryl dreams of one day protecting the kingdom of Bamarre, while timid Princess Addie is content to stay always within the safety of the castle walls. The one trait they share is their devotion to each other. Their world is turned upside down, though, when Meryl is stricken by the incurable Gray Death. To save her sister, Addie must set out on a dangerous quest filled with dragons, unknown magic, and death itself. Time is running out, and the sisters’ lives -- and the future of Bamarre -- hang in the balance.
 id : 663 ISBN : 0767912918  | name : Passing for Thin  |  description : In the tradition of "Drinking: A Love Story" comes a fascinating, myth-busting window into what it's like to learn to live "normally" as a thin person after a lifetime of being viewed as freakishly overweight.
 id : 664 ISBN : 0553298860  | name : Bloodlines  |  description : The murder of Puppy Luv Pet Store owner Diane Sweet, and then a second murder, lead Holly Winter and her veterinarian lover Steve on the trail of a criminal in a tale of chicanery, deceit, and homicide
 id : 665 ISBN : 0385335679  | name : Kissing in Manhattan  |  description : Hilarious, sexy, and deeply tender, Kissing in Manhattan was one of the most celebrated debuts in recent years. Acclaimed author David Schickler’s collection of linked stories follows a troupe of love-hungry urbanites through a charmed metropolis and into the Preemption--a mythic Manhattan apartment building. The Preemption sets the stage for a romantic fantasy as exuberant, dark, and dazzling as the city it occupies. Behind closed doors, the paths of an improbable cast of tenants--a seductive perfume heiress; a crabby, misunderstood actor; a preternaturally sharp-sighted priest--tangle and cross, while a perilous love triangle builds around three characters: James Branch, a shy young accountant with an unusual love for the Preemption’s antique elevator, and a strange destiny... Patrick Rigg, a Wall Street lothario who soothes his pain by seducing beautiful women, carrying a gun, and attending the nightly sermons of a foreboding priest... Rally McWilliams, a fetching, hopeful young writer who roams the city at night, searching for the soulmate she believes in but can’t find... Charged with joy and a deadly sense of humor, Kissing in Manhattan is a daring new writer’s vision of a world where men and women, good and evil, love and sex, meet, battle, and embrace on every street corner.
 id : 667 ISBN : 0671525832  | name : Someone to Watch Over Me  |  description : Seriously injured in a car accident, Broadway actress Leigh Kendall awakens to discover that her husband, Logan Manning, has disappeared, and the police suspect her involvement, so she must unravel the nature of his business to survive.
 id : 668 ISBN : 0553279572  | name : The Toynbee Convector  |  description : A superlative new collection of twenty-two stories by the author of "The Martian Chronicles" includes the continuating saga of H.G. Well's time traveller and his Toynbee Convector, a ghost on the Orient Express, and a bored man who creates his own genuine Egyptian mummy
 id : 674 ISBN : 0821770209  | name : About Face  |  description : Casey remembers nothing from her past full of sexual abuse and neglect after realizing she has been unconscious in a mental institution for the past ten years, and the strange behavior of others prompts her to investigate her torn childhood.
 id : 675 ISBN : 0670855758  | name : Tarot Says Beware  |  description : Herculeah Jones and her bumbling pal, Meat, investigate the murder of a palm reader.
 id : 676 ISBN : 0553562819  | name : Globalhead  |  description : This second collection of short fiction by Bruce Sterling, set in such disparate environments as ancient Assyria and posthuman France, provides a stimulating and entertaining glimpse inside the "global head" of one of imaginative fiction's most exciting talents.
 id : 677 ISBN : 0446364193  | name : Along Came a Spider  |  description : Discover the classic thriller that launched the #1 detective series of the past twenty-five years, now one of PBS's "100 Great American Reads" Alex Cross is a homicide detective with a Ph.D. in psychology. He works and lives in the ghettos of D. C. and looks like Muhammad Ali in his prime. He's a tough guy from a tough part of town who wears Harris Tweed jackets and likes to relax by banging out Gershwin tunes on his baby grand piano. But he also has two adorable kids of his own, and they are his own special vulnerabilities. Jezzie Flanagan is the first woman ever to hold the highly sensitive job as supervisor of the Secret Service in Washington. Blond, mysterious, seductive, she's got an outer shell that's as tough as it is beautiful. She rides her black BMW motorcycle at speeds of no less than 100 mph. What is she running from? What is her secret? Alex Cross and Jezzie Flanagan are about to have a forbidden love affair-at the worst possible time for both of them. Because Gary Soneji, who wants to commit the "crime of the century," is playing at the top of his game. Soneji has outsmarted the FBI, the Secret Service, and the police. Who will be his next victim? Gary Soneji is every parent's worst nightmare. He has become Alex Cross's nightmare. And now, reader, he's about to become yours.
 id : 678 ISBN : 0446519138  | name : Simple Abundance  |  description : 366 essays "written for women who wish to live by their own lights," celebrating "the mystical alchemy of style and Spirit."--Cover.
 id : 680 ISBN : 0061042943  | name : Final Appeal  |  description : Grace Rossi is starting over after a divorce, and a part-time job with a federal appeals court sounds perfect. But she doesn't count on being assigned to an explosive death penalty appeal. Nor does she expect ardor in the court in the form of an affair with the chief judge. Then Grace finds herself investigating a murder, unearthing a secret bank account and following a trail of bribery and judicial corruption that's stumped even the FBI. In no time at all, Grace under fire takes on a whole new meaning.
 id : 681 ISBN : 0399144463  | name : Who Moved My Cheese?  |  description : Relates a highly meaningful parable intended to help one deal with change quickly and prevail, offering readers a simple way to progress in their work and lives.
 id : 682 ISBN : 0965404560  | name : Atonement  |  description : In 1935 England, thirteen-year-old Briony Tallis witnesses an event involving her sister Cecilia and her childhood friend Robbie Turner, and she becomes the victim of her own imagination, which leads her on a lifelong search for truth and absolution.
 id : 683 ISBN : 006015781X  | name : Why Do Clocks Run Clockwise? and Other Imponderables  |  description : This compilation of arcane facts about everyday objects, practices, and traditions reveals how Teflon sticks to cookware; why firehouses have Dalmatians; why "2 x 4s" don't measure two inches by four inches; why the sides of aluminum foil are different, and other mysteries
 id : 684 ISBN : 0060930705  | name : Someone to Watch Over Me  |  description : "The essential mystery at the heart of every relationship is the subject of these twelve stories. What drives people together? What drives them apart? Revenge, boredom, sex—they're all here. . . . The landscape of the heart depicted here is less bleak than it sounds; what drives these stories is the belief that love is reachable just around the bend." —Entertainment Weekly Richard Bausch is a master of the intimate moment, of the ways we seek to make lasting connections to one another and to the world. Few writers evoke the complexities of love as subtly, and few capture the poignancy of the sudden insight or the rhythms of ordinary conversation with such delicacy and humor. To read these twelve stories—of love and loss, of families and strangers, of small moments and enormous epiphanies—is to be reminded again of the power of short fiction to thrill and move us, to make us laugh, or cry. In these profound glimpses into the private fears, joys, and sorrows of people we know, we find revealed a whole range of human experience, told with extraordinary force, clarity, and compassion.
 id : 686 ISBN : 0316116025  | name : The Pinball Effect  |  description : The Pinball Effect takes the reader on many different journeys through the web of knowledge. Knowledge, it turns out, has many unforeseen and surprising effects. The book, for instance, owes its existence to German jeweler Johannes Gutenberg's getting the date wrong one day in the fifteenth century. James Burke, author and host of the highly rated documentary series Connections 2, draws upon years of research to examine the intrigues and surprises on the journey through knowledge, a trip with all the twists and turns of a detective story. Ultimately, the larger picture that emerges has far-reaching and important implications for the future, revealing why the fundamental mechanism of change is the way things come together and connect. To add to the excitement, The Pinball Effect has been designed to be read interactively: throughout the book, cross-chapter references mimic computer hypertext "hot links" and allow readers to leap from one chapter to another. The result is a fascinating tour through history's most dramatic innovations.
 id : 687 ISBN : 0156013967  | name : My Father, Dancing  |  description : An anthology of ten short stories explores the complex bonds between fathers and daughters, in a debut fiction collection that includes the title story in which a young woman attends her father's deathbed and reminisces about how they used to dance together. Reprint.
 id : 688 ISBN : 0385314019  | name : Women on the Case  |  description : A collection of twenty-six original short stories by female crime writers includes works by Nevada Barr, Amanda Cross, Liza Cody, Antonia Fraser, Ruth Rendell, Sara Paretsky, and Helga Anderle
 id : 689 ISBN : 0743444167  | name : New Cardiff  |  description : As a discerning reader of nineteenth-century American fiction, Englishman Colin Ware is familiar with the tradition of transcending disastrous love affairs by booking the next ocean liner to Europe. Now that he has experienced the pain and humiliation of heartache firsthand, he decides to try this cure in reverse. New Cardiff, Vermont, may be an infinitesimal blot on the rural American landscape, but to Colin it's the ideal place to mend his broken heart. The townsfolk are a quirky, endearing lot, and they welcome the migrating artist into their fold. Colin does his part by capturing his adopted countrymen and women in charcoal and ink. He even discovers love again -- with Mandy, an attendant at the Shining Shores nursing home. When Colin's ex arrives to woo him back to her and his native land, he has to choose between his new love and the woman he's known for years. With its pitch-perfect dialogue, New Cardiff takes readers on the exhilarating cross-cultural odyssey of a man hurtling headlong into life.
 id : 690 ISBN : 0618231617  | name : Almost  |  description : On the verge of divorce, Sophy Chase is stunned by the sudden death of her almost ex-husband, Will, a death that hurtles her back into the orbit of Will's family, as she struggles to resolve her past and present, find out why Will died, and maintain a balance between her old life and her prospects for the future. By the author of Slow Dancing. Reprint. 20,000 first printing.
 id : 691 ISBN : 1567920047  | name : A Tally of Types  |  description : Stanley Morison provided the impetus and judgement behind the programme of typographical revival carried through by the Monotype Corporation in the 1920s and early 1930s. The Tally is an account, historical, critical and functional, of the types cut under Morison's direction during this period. It is an impressive performance: a fine example of what is now recognised as Morison's characteristic blend of erudition and insight. What started as no more than an attempt to record the facts developed, under his hand, into one of the major statements of typographical practice of its time.
 id : 692 ISBN : 0811203220  | name : Stand Still Like the Hummingbird  |  description : Many of them have appeared only in foreign magazines while others were printed in limited editions which have gone out of print.
 id : 693 ISBN : 1573229148  | name : Crossing the Unknown Sea  |  description : Crossing the Unknown Sea is about reuniting the imagination with our day to day lives. It shows how poetry and practicality, far from being mutually exclusive, reinforce each other to give every aspect of our lives meaning and direction. For anyone who wants to deepen their connection to their life’s work—or find out what their life’s work is—this book can help navigate the way. Whyte encourages readers to take risks at work that will enhance their personal growth, and shows how burnout can actually be beneficial and used to renew professional interest. He asserts that too many people blindly trudge through a mediocre work life because so many “busy” tasks prevent significant reflection and analysis of job satisfaction. People often turn to spiritual practice or religion to nurture their souls, but overlook how work can actually be our greatest opportunity for discovery and growth. Crossing the Unknown Sea combines poetry, gifted storytelling and Whyte’s personal experience to reveal work’s potential to fulfill us and bring us closer to ultimate freedom and happiness.
 id : 694 ISBN : 0787955671  | name : The Future of Leadership  |  description : A collections of thoughts and perspectives on leadership from some of the world's most renowned leadership experts including Charles Handy, Tom Peters, Warren Bennis, and Barry Posner, address an abundance of current issues relevant to today's business environments, from business ethics to bad leaders.
 id : 695 ISBN : 0425174484  | name : Expecting Adam  |  description : An inspirational memoir describes how a couple struggled to cope when their unborn second child, Adam, was diagnosed with Down syndrome, their decision to keep their son, and his magical influence on their lives. Reprint.
 id : 696 ISBN : 0385496907  | name : No Future Without Forgiveness  |  description : The establishment of South Africa's Truth and Reconciliation Commission was a pioneering international event. Never had any country sought to move forward from despotism to democracy both by exposing the atrocities committed in the past and achieving reconciliation with its former oppressors. At the center of this unprecedented attempt at healing a nation has been Archbishop Desmond Tutu, whom President Nelson Mandela named as Chairman of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission. With the final report of the Commission just published, Archbishop Tutu offers his reflections on the profound wisdom he has gained by helping usher South Africa through this painful experience. In No Future Without Forgiveness, Tutu argues that true reconciliation cannot be achieved by denying the past. But nor is it easy to reconcile when a nation "looks the beast in the eye." Rather than repeat platitudes about forgiveness, he presents a bold spirituality that recognizes the horrors people can inflict upon one another, and yet retains a sense of idealism about reconciliation. With a clarity of pitch born out of decades of experience, Tutu shows readers how to move forward with honesty and compassion to build a newer and more humane world.
 id : 697 ISBN : 0446523992  | name : A Call to Conscience  |  description : Collects the most powerful and inspirational speeches of Martin Luther King, Jr., and includes commentary and contributions from Andrew Young, George McGovern, Rosa Parks, Aretha Franklin, Edward Kennedy, and the Dalai Lama.
 id : 698 ISBN : 0140185216  | name : On the Road  |  description : Fictionalized narrative of travels by Kerouac and his friend Neal Cassady under pseudonyms of Sal Paradise and Dean Moriarty.
 id : 699 ISBN : 0684717255  | name : I And Thou  |  description : A modern translation clarifying the philosophical implications and use of words in the classic work of the Jewish religious scholar.
 id : 700 ISBN : 0486272745  | name : The Prince  |  description : Presents the classic study of power and politics written in 1513 by a Florentine diplomat that recommends guile and ruthlessness to achieve and maintain political power.
 id : 702 ISBN : 0062507249  | name : Becoming a Man  |  description : The autobiography of a gay man's struggle with manhood focuses on the author's attempts to live a normal life while concealing the secret of his sexuality. By the author of Borrowed Time. Reprint. NYT. 50,000 first printing. $35,000 ad/promo.
 id : 703 ISBN : 0684801221  | name : Old Man and the Sea  |  description : *Winner of the Pulitzer Prize* “A beautiful tale, awash in the seasalt and sweat, bait and beer of the Havana coast. It tells a fundamental human truth: in a volatile world, from our first breath to our last wish, through triumphs and pitfalls both trivial and profound, what sustains us, ultimately, is hope.” —The Guardian The last of his novels Ernest Hemingway saw published, The Old Man and the Sea has proved itself to be one of the most enduring works of American fiction. The story of a down-on-his-luck Cuban fisherman and his supreme ordeal—a relentless, agonizing battle with a giant marlin far out in the Gulf Stream—has been cherished by generations of readers. Hemingway takes the timeless themes of courage in the face of adversity and personal triumph won from loss and transforms them into a magnificent twentieth-century classic. First published in 1952, this hugely popular tale confirmed his power and presence in the literary world and played a large part in his winning the 1954 Nobel Prize in Literature.
 id : 705 ISBN : 0060083298  | name : The Dominant Blonde  |  description : Depressed when her boyfriend dumps her and vanishes with three million dollars of her family's money, Lydia Gold turns for comfort to ex-cop-turned-scuba instructor Liam MacNally, who vows to get back her money and soothe her wounded heart. Original.
 id : 707 ISBN : 0140293248  | name : The Girls' Guide to Hunting and Fishing  |  description : The New York Times bestselling classic of a young woman’s journey in work, love, and life “In this swinging, funny, and tender study of contemporary relationships, Bank refutes once and for all the popular notions of neurotic thirtysomething women.” —Entertainment Weekly “Truly poignant.” —Time Generous-hearted and wickedly insightful, The Girls’ Guide to Hunting and Fishing maps the progress of Jane Rosenal as she sets out on a personal and spirited expedition through the perilous terrain of sex, love, relationships, and the treacherous waters of the workplace. Soon Jane is swept off her feet by an older man and into a Fitzgeraldesque whirl of cocktail parties, country houses, and rules that were made to be broken, but comes to realize that it’s a world where the stakes are much too high for comfort. With an unforgettable comic touch, Bank skillfully teases out universal issues, puts a clever new spin on the mating dance, and captures in perfect pitch what it’s like to come of age as a young woman.
 id : 711 ISBN : 0061080519  | name : The Mist and the Magic  |  description : Caitlin MacBride wishes on a sunset for her true love, and when John Wesley Hawkins walks out of the mists and into her life she knows it will be forever--until she finds that John is an English spy assigned to sabotage her Irish homeland. Original.
 id : 712 ISBN : 0142000205  | name : Icy Sparks  |  description : A New York Times Notable Book and the March 2001 selection of Oprah's Book Club® ! Icy Sparks is the sad, funny and transcendent tale of a young girl growing up in the mountains of Eastern Kentucky during the 1950’s. Gwyn Hyman Rubio’s beautifully written first novel revolves around Icy Sparks, an unforgettable heroine in the tradition of Scout in To Kill a Mockingbird or Will Treed in Cold Sassy Tree. At the age of ten, Icy, a bright, curious child orphaned as a baby but raised by adoring grandparents, begins to have strange experiences. Try as she might, her "secrets"—verbal croaks, groans, and physical spasms—keep afflicting her. As an adult, she will find out she has Tourette’s Syndrome, a rare neurological disorder, but for years her behavior is the source of mystery, confusion, and deep humiliation. Narrated by a grown up Icy, the book chronicles a difficult, but ultimately hilarious and heartwarming journey, from her first spasms to her self-acceptance as a young woman. Curious about life beyond the hills, talented, and energetic, Icy learns to cut through all barriers—physical, mental, and spiritual—in order to find community and acceptance. Along her journey, Icy faces the jeers of her classmates as well as the malevolence of her often-ignorant teachers—including Mrs. Stilton, one of the most evil fourth grade teachers ever created by a writer. Called willful by her teachers and "Frog Child" by her schoolmates, she is exiled from the schoolroom and sent to a children’s asylum where it is hoped that the roots of her mysterious behavior can be discovered. Here Icy learns about difference—her own and those who are even more scarred than she. Yet, it isn’t until Icy returns home that she really begins to flower, especially through her friendship with the eccentric and obese Miss Emily, who knows first-hand how it feels to be an outcast in this tightly knit Appalachian community. Under Miss Emily’s tutelage, Icy learns about life’s struggles and rewards, survives her first comical and heartbreaking misadventure with romance, discovers the healing power of her voice when she sings, and ultimately—takes her first steps back into the world. Gwyn Hyman Rubio’s Icy Sparks is a fresh, original, and completely redeeming novel about learning to overcome others’ ignorance and celebrate the differences that make each of us unique.
 id : 713 ISBN : 0316735027  | name : The True and Outstanding Adventures of the Hunt Sisters  |  description : An unemployed actress, Olivia Hunt is forced to leave Hollywood to return home at the request of her younger sister, Madeleine, and finds herself struggling to help her sister, keep her parents under control, and reconnect with an old boyfriend, all the while attempting to balance her newly energized film career with her family needs. A first novel. 100,000 first printing.
 id : 714 ISBN : 193156146X  | name : The Time Traveler's Wife  |  description : Passionately in love, Clare and Henry vow to hold onto each other and their marriage as they struggle with the effects of Chrono- Displacement Disorder, a condition that casts Henry involuntarily into the world of time travel.
 id : 715 ISBN : 015600710X  | name : Strange Fits of Passion  |  description : Fleeing her abusive husband, Mary resettles with her infant child in St. Hilaire, Maine, but her new home brings her only fear when a murder, a rape charge, and a suicide shatter the peaceful town
 id : 716 ISBN : 0062517856  | name : The Monk Downstairs  |  description : Rebecca Martin is a single mother with an apartment to rent and a sense that she has used up her illusions. I had the romantic thing with my first husband, thank you very much, she tells a hapless suitor. I'm thirty-eight years old, and I've got a daughter learning to read and a job I don't quite like. I don't need the violin music. But when the new tenant in her in-law apartment turns out to be Michael Christopher, on the lam after twenty years in a monastery and smack dab in the middle of a dark night of the soul, Rebecca begins to suspect that she is not as thoroughly disillusioned as she had thought. Her daughter, Mary Martha, is delighted with the new arrival, as is Rebecca's mother, Phoebe, a rollicking widow making a new life for herself among the spiritual eccentrics of the coastal town of Bolinas. Even Rebecca's best friend, Bonnie, once a confirmed cynic in matters of the heart, urges Rebecca on. But none of them, Rebecca feels, understands how complicated and dangerous love actually is. As her unlikely friendship with the ex-monk grows toward something deeper, and Michael wrestles with his despair while adjusting to a second career flipping hamburgers at McDonald's, Rebecca struggles with her own temptation to hope. But it is not until she is brought up short by the realities of life and death that she begins to glimpse the real mystery of love, and the unfathomable depths of faith. Beautifully written and playfully engaging, this novel. is about one man wrestling with his yearning for a life of contemplation and the need for a life of action in the world. But it's Rebecca's spirit, as well as her relationships with Mary Martha, Phoebe, her irresponsible surfer ex-husband Rory -- and, of course, the monk downstairs -- that makes this story shine.
 id : 717 ISBN : 0679767789  | name : Lost In Place  |  description : The author describes his early years as an ambitious and eccentric young man who stood out from his family and neighborhood, his kung fu lessons under the tutilage of a sadist, and his often misguided mimicry of Zen Buddhist practices. Reprint. 25,000 first printing.
 id : 718 ISBN : 0449911683  | name : My Name is Asher Lev  |  description : The novelist records the anguish and triumphs of a young painter as he emerges into the great world of art and rejects all else.
 id : 719 ISBN : 0425169626  | name : Waking the Dead  |  description : When Fielding Pierce, making his way in the Chicago DA's office, is offered a chance to run for Congress, his ambition conflicts with his sense of moral purpose.
 id : 720 ISBN : 0449207757  | name : Davita's Harp  |  description : The daughter of a nonbelieving Jewish mother and a nonbelieving gentile father--dedicated Communists both--Davita Chandal, growing up as the world suffers through the Spanish Civil War and World War II, turns to Judaism for consolation and spiritual suste
 id : 722 ISBN : 0140029400  | name : The Mimic Men  |  description : An exiled politician from the Caribbean is in London writing his life story.
 id : 723 ISBN : 0140021566  | name : The Mystic Masseur  |  description : The Nobel Prize winner's first novel traces the unlikely career of Ganesh Ramsumair, a failed schoolteacher and impecunious village masseur who in time becomes a revered mystic and the most beloved politician in 1940s Trinidad. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 727 ISBN : 2266084372  | name : Pourquoi j'ai mangé mon père  |  description : Approchez homo sapiens ! Ce livre vous fera hurler de rire ! Faites la connaissance d'une famille préhistorique : Edouard, le père, génial inventeur qui va changer la face du monde en ramenant le feu ; Vania, l'oncle réac, ennemi du progrès ; Erenst, le narrateur, un tantinet benêt ; Edwige, Griselda et autres ravissantes donzelles... Ces êtres délicieux font le monde autour d'un feu en dégustant des os à moelle. Regardez-les découvrir l'amour, s'essayer à la drague, se battre avec l'évolution... Situations rocambolesques, personnages hilarants d'un monde où l'homme est pourtant déjà homme : batailleur, jaloux, ingrat et aussi rétrograde. Un miroir à consulter souvent. Pour rire et réfléchir.
 id : 729 ISBN : 2266029460  | name : Voyage d'une Parisienne à Lhassa  |  description : 1924. Pour la première fois, une femme étrangère réussit à entrer dans Lhassa, capitale interdite du Tibet ! Huit mois auront été nécessaires à Alexandra David-Néel pour relever ce défi extraordinaire ! Huit mois d'un long périple à travers les immenses solitudes du " pays des Neiges ". Huit mois d'une vie rude et dangereuse sous l'apparence d'une mendiante tibétaine ! A une époque où personne ne parle de " raid ", et encore moins quand il s'agit d'une femme, c'est un magnifique exploit et une aventure exceptionnelle que nous décrit ici l'auteur ! Elle y ajoute sa propre quête spirituelle, et ce regard fasciné qu'elle porte sur la civilisation tibétaine.
 id : 731 ISBN : 2070417743  | name : Chroniques martiennes  |  description : Lecture suivie.
 id : 732 ISBN : 2266033689  | name : Le diable au corps  |  description : Pendant la première guerre mondiale, François, un lycéen, fait la connaissance de Marthe, une jeune femme de dix-huit ans. Celle-ci est fiancée à Jacques, un soldat qui se bat sur le front. Au mépris des commérages, François et Marthe vont devenir amants. Mais François n'est-il pas trop jeune pour s'engager dans une telle liaison ?
 id : 733 ISBN : 2070384349  | name : La faute de l'abbé Mouret  |  description : Ce fut ainsi qu'Albine et Serge marchèrent dans le soleil, pour la première fois. Le couple laissait une bonne odeur derrière lui. Il donnait un frisson au sentier, tandis que le soleil déroulait un tapis d'or sous ses pas. Il avançait, pareil à un ravissement, entre les grands buissons fleuris, si désirable, que les allées écartées, au loin, l'appelaient, le saluaient d'un murmure d'admiration, comme les foules saluent les rois longtemps attendus. Ce n'était qu'un être, souverainement beau. La peau blanche d'Albine n'était que la blancheur de la peau brune de Serge. Ils passaient lentement, vêtus de soleil ; ils étaient le soleil lui-même. Les fleurs, penchées, les adoraient.
 id : 734 ISBN : 207053880X  | name : L'homme qui plantait des arbres  |  description : Au cours d'une de ses promenades en Haute-Provence, Jean Giono a un jour rencontré un personnage extraordinaire : un berger solitaire et paisible qui plantait des arbres, des milliers d'arbres. Ainsi, au fil des ans, un homme seul allait rendre vie à une contrée aride et désolée. Jean Giono nous fait découvrir une merveilleuse aventure pleine de tendresse et de générosité que Willi Glasauer illustre avec la même sensibilité.
 id : 740 ISBN : 3889774016  | name : Frauen der Welt  |  description : Setzt sich ausführlich mit den Schlüsselthemen der internationalen Frauenbewegung und -politik auseinander (z.B. Weltfrauenkonferenz, Frauen in Entwicklungsländern, Frauenrechte, Frau und Karriere).
 id : 745 ISBN : 0140620427  | name : Sense and Sensibility  |  description : In nineteenth-century England, two sisters are drawn into unhappy romances despite the cool judgment of one and the emotional intensity of the other.
 id : 746 ISBN : 3596144434  | name : Der gemietete Mann  |  description : Karla Stein, die erfolgreiche Fernsehjournalistin, erhält ein verlockendes Angebot: die Moderatorin der Jugend-Kult-Sendung »Wört-Flört«! Beherzt greift sie zu, nicht ahnend, welche Probleme mit ihrer neuen Klientel auf sie zukommen. Den Jugendlichen geht es um Wesentliches - Waschbrettbäuche, Tatoos und gepiercte Nabel. Karla ist auf der falschen Party gelandet und kann mit dem, was die Kandidaten interessiert, nichts anfangen. Als sie für ihre vier Kinder einen Au-pair-Jungen einstellt, muß sie ihr Urteil über die Jugend von heute jedoch revidieren. Hera Lind läßt uns hinter die Kulissen einer perfekten Fernseh-Show blicken, erzählt eine tragikomische Liebesgeschichte und schreckt diesmal sogar vor einem eleganten Mord nicht zurück.
 id : 747 ISBN : 3442724686  | name : Der Gott der kleinen Dinge  |  description : Ein himmelblauer Straßenkreuzer fährt an einem klaren Dezembermorgen des Jahres 1969 durch die Reisfelder des südindischen Kerala. Doch was als sonnendurchflutete Autofahrt beginnt, endet in einer Tragödie... Voller Sprachmagie erzählt Arundhati Roy die atemberaubende und schillernde Geschichte einer Familie, die an verbotener Liebe zerbricht.
 id : 748 ISBN : 0385504209  | name : The Da Vinci Code  |  description : Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon and French cryptologist Sophie Neveu work to solve the murder of an elderly curator of the Louvre, a case which leads to clues hidden in the works of Da Vinci and a centuries-old secret society.
 id : 750 ISBN : 0385500769  | name : A Map of the World  |  description : While under the care of Alice Goodwin, a neighbor's child drowns in the Goodwins' pond, a devastating accident that has profound repercussions for the entire Goodwin family, in a story set in a small Midwestern farm town
 id : 751 ISBN : 0399147012  | name : Edge of Danger  |  description : Blake Johnson, head of the The Basement, a clandestine White House operation, and his Irish colleague Sean Dillon work together to stop a murderous vendetta, aimed at the president of the United States, who is blamed for a series of attacks on the power, honor, and prestige of a ruthless Arab-British dynasty. 250,000 first printing.
 id : 753 ISBN : 0688180639  | name : Vinegar Hill  |  description : In a stark, troubling, yet ultimately triumphant celebration of self-determination, award-winning author A. Manette Ansay re-creates a stifling world of guilty and pain, and the tormented souls who inhabit it. It is 1972 when circumstance carries Ellen Grier and her family back to Holly's Field, Wisconsin. Dutifully accompanying her newly unemployed husband, Ellen has brought her two children into the home of her in-laws on Vinegar Hill--a loveless house suffused with the settling dust of bitterness and routine--where calculated cruelty is a way of life preserved and perpetuated in the service of a rigid, exacting and angry God. Behind a facade of false piety, there are sins and secrets in this place that could crush a vibrant young woman's passionate spirit. And here Ellen must find the straight to endure, change, and grow in the all-pervading darkness that threatens to destroy everything she is and everyone she loves.
 id : 754 ISBN : 0316789089  | name : The Pilot's Wife  |  description : When her husband, a pilot, dies in an airplane crash off the Irish coast, Kathryn Lyons finds herself in the media spotlight as rumors abound of her husband's shocking secret past. By the author of The Weight of Water. 50,000 first printing. Tour.
 id : 757 ISBN : 0151001006  | name : Snow Falling on Cedars  |  description : In 1954, Ishmael Chambers, a local reporter who lost an arm in the war, covers the murder trial of a Japanese-American fisherman, whose wife had been Ishmael's boyhood sweetheart
 id : 758 ISBN : 0385505833  | name : Skipping Christmas  |  description : Luther and Nora Krank decide to avoid the chaos and frenzy of Christmas by taking a Caribbean cruise during the holidays, but their plans have unexpected consequences.
 id : 759 ISBN : 0679442790  | name : The Reader  |  description : At the age of fifteen, Michael Berg falls in love with a woman who disappears, and while observing a trial as a law student years later, he is shocked to discover the same woman as the defendant in a horrible crime
 id : 760 ISBN : 0525943862  | name : Cheaters  |  description : A sharp-edged and uninhibited look at the Los Angeles singles scene that includes seduction, betrayal, heartbreak, revenge, and even true love
 id : 763 ISBN : 0743206045  | name : Daddy's Little Girl  |  description : Journalist Trish Duncan, the grown sister of a murder victim, attends the parole hearing of the man who had been convicted of the crime twenty years earlier and begins to wonder if his claim of innocence might be true. 1,000,000 first printing.
 id : 764 ISBN : 0684864843  | name : The Vineyard  |  description : In The Vineyard, New York Times bestselling author Barbara Delinsky (Lake News, Coast Road, Three Wishes) has written her most complex and emotionally rewarding novel: a story of two women, a generation apart, each of whose dream becomes bound with the other's. To her family, Natalie Seebring is a woman who prizes appearances. She is exquisitely mannered, socially adept, a supportive wife, and head of a successful wine-producing enterprise. So when she announces plans to marry a vineyard employee mere months after the death of her husband of fifty-eight years, her son and daughter are stunned. Faced with their disapproval, Natalie decides to write a memoir. There is much that her children don't know about her life -- about her love of the vineyard, her role in fighting to build it up, and the sacrifices she made for her family. Olivia Jones is a dreamer, living vicariously through the old photographs she restores. She and her daughter, Tess, have no one but themselves, so they cling to the fantasy that a big, happy family is out there somewhere, just waiting to welcome them home. When Olivia is hired by Natalie to help with her memoir, a summer at Natalie's beautiful vineyard by the sea seems the perfect opportunity to live out that fantasy -- an elegant home by the shore, a salary that allows her to hire a tutor for her dyslexic daughter, a job that is creative, hours spent with a woman who has led a charmed life. But all is not as it seems,Olivia and Tess discover when they arrive at Asquonset, the vineyard in Rhode Island. While welcoming, Natalie is not quite the mothering type, as is quickly evident in the hostility her daughter and son have toward her -- it's a hostility that Olivia must buffer. Another dose of stark reality comes in the form of Simon Burke, who runs the vineyard's day-to-day operation and sees in Olivia and Tess an unwelcome reminder of the wife and daughter he tragically lost. And then there is the cruel reality of Olivia's own life -- the mother who never wanted her, and a career that has floundered. Natalie's story, intended for her own children, enlightens Olivia as well. The lives of these two women of different generations, parallel in so many ways, become,inThe Vineyard, a powerful and moving story as the fantasy of an idealized life, complete with perfect romance, crashes headlong into reality.
 id : 766 ISBN : 0743406176  | name : If Only it Were True  |  description : What do you do when you find a stranger in your closet; particularly when she's surprised that you can even see her -- and she can disappear and reappear at whim? What if she then tells you that her body is actually in a coma on the other side of town? Should you have her see a psychiatrist or should you consult one yourself? Or do you take a chance and believe in her, and allow yourself to be swept up in an extraordinary adventure? This is the beginning of the dilemma that Arthur, a young San Francisco architect, is faced with when he discovers Lauren in his apartment. Arthur is the only man who can share Lauren's secret, the only one who can see her, hear her, and talk to her when no one else so much as senses her presence. So when doctors prepare to end Lauren's physical care -- which would destroy the magical bond she and Arthur cherish -- he must find a way to save her. For, after all, it is only her love that can save him. If Only It Were True is a heartwarming love story impossible to forget, an adventure that is by turns breathtaking and hilarious -- a captivating tale that evokes the essence of romance and our boundless capacity to believe.
 id : 767 ISBN : 0380978539  | name : Dear Stranger, Dearest Friend  |  description : A story of strangers who become the best of friends depicts two women in their thirties who meet in on an internet message board, and realize that they are much more alike then either of them could have thought. A first novel.
 id : 768 ISBN : 0679603352  | name : The Cider House Rules  |  description : First published in 1985, The Cider House Rules is John Irving's sixth novel. Set in rural Maine in the first half of this century, it tells the story of Dr. Wilbur Larch--saint and obstetrician, founder and director of the orphanage in the town of St. Cloud's, ether addict and abortionist. It is also the story of Dr. Larch's favorite orphan, Homer Wells, who is never adopted.
 id : 769 ISBN : 0679410430  | name : Lolita  |  description : When it was published in 1955, Lolita immediately became a cause célèbre because of the freedom and sophistication with which it handled the unusual erotic predilections of its protagonist. But Vladimir Nabokov's wise, ironic, elegant masterpiece owes its stature as one of the twentieth century's novels of record not to the controversy its material aroused but to its author's use of that material to tell a love story almost shocking in its beauty and tenderness. Awe and exhilaration–along with heartbreak and mordant wit–abound in this account of the aging Humbert Humbert's obsessive, devouring, and doomed passion for the nymphet Dolores Haze. Lolita is also the story of a hypercivilized European colliding with the cheerful barbarism of postwar America, but most of all, it is a meditation on love–love as outrage and hallucination, madness and transformation. With an introduction by Martin Amis.
 id : 770 ISBN : 0446523569  | name : Message in a Bottle  |  description : In this New York Times bestseller, a single mother sets out to find the North Carolina man who sent a message meant for someone else . . . and the journey may change her life forever. Divorced and disillusioned about relationships, Theresa Osborne is jogging when she finds a bottle on the beach. Inside is a letter of love and longing to "Catherine," signed simply "Garrett." Challenged by the mystery and pulled by emotions she doesn't fully understand, Theresa begins a search for this man that will change her life. What happens to her is unexpected, perhaps miraculous-an encounter that embraces all our hopes for finding someone special, for having a love that is timeless and everlasting.... Nicholas Sparks exquisitely chronicles the human heart. In his first bestselling novel, The Notebook, he created a testament to romantic love that touched readers around the world. Now in this New York Times bestseller, he renews our faith in destiny, in the ability of lovers to find each other no matter where, no matter when...
 id : 771 ISBN : 0671042556  | name : Blackbird  |  description : A poignant autobiography describes growing up in Carson City, Nevada, during the 1970s, the shattering effects of tragedy--loss, loneliness, mistreatment--on her family, and her own indomitable will to survive.
 id : 772 ISBN : 0679450440  | name : Protect and Defend  |  description : When the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court drops dead following the inauguration, President Kerry Kilcannon selects as a replacement Judge Caroline Masters, a woman who hides a secret that could affect her ruling on a controversial case.
 id : 773 ISBN : 0140107649  | name : Blue Heaven  |  description : Set in contemporary New York, Blue Heaven is the hilarious tale of a most unlikely couple and their brilliant plan to earn a fortune in gifts on their way to the altar.
 id : 774 ISBN : 0609606727  | name : Julie and Romeo  |  description : Julie and Romeo had been born to rival florist families in Boston, but it is love at first sight when they spot each other across a crowded lobby. A first novel. 75,000 first printing.
 id : 775 ISBN : 0446527793  | name : The Guardian  |  description : Four years after losing her husband, twenty-nine-year-old Julie Barenson considers falling in love again and wonders if she should choose sophisticated Richard, who treats her like a queen, or down-to-earth Mike, who is her best friend, but when she eventually picks one man, the other man's jealousy turns into a deadly obsession. 1,000,000 first printing.
 id : 776 ISBN : 0446531332  | name : Nights in Rodanthe  |  description : After her husband leaves her for a younger woman, forty-five-year-old Adrienne Willis reconsiders her entire life, until a trip to Rodanthe in North Carolina's outer banks leads to an encounter with successful surgeon Paul Flanner.
 id : 777 ISBN : 1570717257  | name : Man and Boy  |  description : Facing his thirtieth birthday with trepidation, Harry Silver watches his perfect life crumble around him when his wife leaves him and he must adjust to raising his son alone.
 id : 779 ISBN : 0385420161  | name : Like Water for Chocolate  |  description : Despite the fact that she has fallen in love with a young man, Tita, the youngest of three daughters born to a tyrannical ranch must obey tradition and remain single and at home to care for her mother. A first novel. National ad/promo. Tour.
 id : 781 ISBN : 052594463X  | name : All of Me  |  description : After suffering from a breakdown, an African-American woman begins to rebuild her life and learns to love herself for the first time in the process. 35,000 first printing.
 id : 782 ISBN : 039304016X  | name : The Perfect Storm  |  description : Presents a vivid account of a history-making storm that hit the New England coast in October 1991 and the lives it changed, weaving together the history of the fishing industry, the science of storms, and personal accounts. Tour.
 id : 783 ISBN : 0399147128  | name : The Villa  |  description : The top PR executive for the family winery, Sophia Giambelli finds her life turned upside down by the merger with the MacMillan family's winery, her powerful attraction to professional rival Tyler MacMillan, and acts of sabotage that threaten the family business and members of the family itself. 750,000 first printing.
 id : 784 ISBN : 0670031046  | name : In this Mountain  |  description : Restless with his retirement, Father Tim, accompanied by Cynthia, gears up for a year-long ministry across the state line, but a series of events sends shock waves throughout the town of Mitford and through Father Tim's faith. 750,000 first printing.
 id : 785 ISBN : 0394574745  | name : All the Pretty Horses  |  description : Cut off from the life of ranching he has come to love by his grandfather's death, John Grady Cole flees to Mexico, where he and his two companions embark on a rugged and cruelly idyllic adventure. 25,000 first printing.
 id : 786 ISBN : 0316969443  | name : Suzanne's Diary for Nicholas  |  description : Discover James Patterson's powerfully moving novel of love, loss, hope, and family. Katie Wilkinson has found her perfect man at last. He's a writer, a house painter, an original thinker-everything she's imagined she wanted in a partner. But one day, without explanation, he disappears from her life, leaving behind only a diary for her to read. This diary is a love letter written by a new mother named Suzanne for her baby son, Nicholas. In it she pours out her heart about how she and the boy's father met, about her hopes for marriage and family, and about the unparalleled joy that having a baby has brought into her life. As Katie reads this touching document, it becomes clear that the lover who has just left her is the husband and father in this young family. She reads on, filled with terror and hope, as she struggles to understand what has happened-and whether her new love has a prayer of surviving. Written with James Patterson's perfect pitch for emotion and suspense, Suzanne's Diary for Nicholas captures beautifully the joys of a new family even as it builds to an overwhelmingly moving climax. This is an unforgettable love story, at once heartbreaking and full of hope.
 id : 789 ISBN : 0684868911  | name : The Carousel  |  description : The author of The Christmas Box and The Looking Glass returns to the moving but unfinished saga of Faye Murrow and Michael Keddington.
 id : 790 ISBN : 0842336214  | name : The Promise Remains  |  description : In the first novel from a new author, a young couple, long separated, find their way back to each other, along the way learning about God's provision in the face of their own doubts and fears.
 id : 791 ISBN : 0399148582  | name : You Cannot be Serious  |  description : The author describes his rise to success in professional tennis, his controversial on-court behavior, his marriages to actress Tatum O'Neal and pop star Patty Smyth, and his current roles as father, tennis player, and TV commentator.
 id : 792 ISBN : 0684864320  | name : Lake News  |  description : Lily Blake, forced home to small-town Lake Henry, New Hampshire, after being unfairly smeared by a journalist, begins a partnership with John Kipling, a local newspaper publisher, as both try to heal their wounds and find community. 350,000 first printing.
 id : 793 ISBN : 0525944834  | name : Liar's Game  |  description : Leaving New York to build a new life for herself in Los Angeles, Dana Ann Smith plans to start over with a new job, new surroundings, and new man, the handsome, industrious Vincent Calvary Browne, but the arrival of her former lover and Vincent's ex-wife forces them both to confront painful truths about their pasts. 100,000 first printing.
 id : 794 ISBN : 0345428900  | name : Out of the Blue  |  description : Anna Bolles, a dynamic young woman cut off from romance by tragedy, refuses to become involved in the turbulent love affairs of her colleagues, spending her life as an observer to the dramas surrounding her, until the arrival of Joe Malone, a businessman, pilot, and amateur photographer, forever transforms her life. By the author of A Change of Heart.
 id : 795 ISBN : 0451176812  | name : Voice of the Eagle  |  description : Traveling through a hostile territory with their newborn son, Kwani and her mate must fight to defend themselves and their treasure against vicious enemies and hostile spirits
 id : 798 ISBN : 0446602086  | name : The Proud and the Free  |  description : In the 1830s, as the Cherokees are set upon the infamous Trail of Tears, beautiful Temple Gordon, a Cherokee leader's daughter, and "The Blade" Stuart, her lover, find their lives disrupted
 id : 799 ISBN : 0394551427  | name : Shoah  |  description : This comprehensive transcription documents the interviews--with former German official bureaucrats, Polish peasants, and German colonizers of occupied Poland
 id : 800 ISBN : 0064407667  | name : A Series of Unfortunate Events: The Bad Beginning Movie Tie-in Edition  |  description : Tie–in books for the feel–bad movie of the year!
 id : 801 ISBN : 0007100221  | name : Terror Firma  |  description : Fantasy-roman.
 id : 802 ISBN : 2253148539  | name : Le loup-garou  |  description : Cette nuit-là, Denis, le paisible loup du bois de Fausses-Reposes, s'aperçoit avec Stupeur qu'il s'est transformé en homme. C'est une nuit de pleine lune, et il va vivre dans Paris des aventures singulières... Tout l'art de Boris Vian consiste à retourner ou subvertir toutes les conventions - celles de la société, celles de la littérature -, que ce soit par l'humour, la farce ou le fantastique. Ainsi, il suffit qu'un mystérieux brouillard s'abatte sur une ville (L'amour est aveugle) et ses habitants, dans l'impossibilité de se voir ou de se reconnaître, vont libérer leurs instincts sexuels au point de ne plus vouloir jamais recouvrer la vue... Mais le jeu avec l'imaginaire et le réel peut aussi déboucher sur des pulsions morbides ou homicides, ainsi qu'on le voit dans Les Chiens, le désir et la mort, signé de Vernon Sullivan. De la gouaille à l'absurde, de la féerie à la noirceur, le romancier de L'Écume des jours joue ici sur toute la gamme, en treize récits brefs dédiés à l'imprévisible.
 id : 803 ISBN : 2253043974  | name : Chronique d'une mort annoncée  |  description : Les frères Vicario ont fait part à tout le village de leur intention meurtrière. Tous les habitants s'interrogent sauf un, Santiago Nasar, qui est finalement assassiné le jour même devant chez lui. L'honneur et la fatalité traités avec génie...
 id : 805 ISBN : 0747549923  | name : Last Exit to Brooklyn  |  description : A raw depiction of life amongst New York's junkies, hustlers, drag queens and prostitutes. Meet Georgette, a hopelessly romantic and tormented transvestite; Vinnie, a disaffected and volatile youth who has never been on the right side of the law; and Harry, a power-hungry strike leader.
 id : 806 ISBN : 0743462335  | name : More George W Bushisms  |  description : On the record, off-the-cuff, and often off-the-wall presidential quotations, another hilarious look at George W. Bush's wayward way with words.
 id : 807 ISBN : 0140253580  | name : Therapy  |  description : A successful sitcom writer with plenty of money, a stable marriage, a platonic mistress and a flash car, Laurence ‘Tubby’ Passmore has more reason than most to be happy. Yet neither physiotherapy nor aromatherapy, cognitive-behaviour therapy or acupuncture can cure his puzzling knee pain or his equally inexplicable mid-life angst. As Tubby’s life fragments under the weight of his self-obsession, he embarks – via Kierkegaard, strange beds from Rummidge to Tenerife to Beverly Hills, a fit of literary integrity and memories of his 1950s South London boyhood – on a picaresque quest for his lost contentment, in an ingenious, hilarious and poignant novel of neuroses.
 id : 811 ISBN : 0743222229  | name : George W. Bushisms  |  description : "They misunderestimated me." Or did they? Judge for yourself. Here are over 100 memorable misstatements by our syntactically challenged president, collected, annotated, and introduced by Slate magazine's Jacob Weisberg. "I know the human being and fish can coexist peacefully." "Families is where our nation finds hope, where wings take dream." "We'll let our friends be the peacekeepers and the great country called America will be the pacemakers." "It's clearly a budget. It's got a lot of numbers in it." "I know how hard it is for you to put food on your family." "I do know I'm ready for the job [the presidency]. And if not, that's just the way it goes."
 id : 812 ISBN : 185479549X  | name : The World's Stupidest Laws  |  description : Did you know? In Australia, children may not purchase cigarettes, but are allowed to smoke them...It is also illegal to read someone's tarot or give them a psychic reading, as these are forms of witchcraft. In Denmark it is not illegal to escape from prison, but if you're caught you must finish the remainder of your sentence. In Singapore, you may not walk around your house while naked, as this is considered to be a form of pornography. In the USA, in the state of Arkansas, alligators may not be kept in the bath ...In Iowa, kisses may last for a maximum of five minutes. The World's Stupidest Laws is essential reading for anyone who's ever been bamboozled by legal lunacy abroad or who's fallen foul of ludicrous laws in their locality.
 id : 814 ISBN : 1854795554  | name : The World's Stupidest Signs  |  description : Gathered from offices, hotels, shops and roadsides, this collection of seemingly ridiculous signs offers such examples as: Elephants please stay in your car; If you cannot read this, this leaflet will tell you how to get lessons; and Bargain basement upstairs.
 id : 817 ISBN : 0198604025  | name : How Not to Say what You Mean  |  description : We often use euphemisms when dealing with taboo or sensitive subjects--we speak of "full-figured" women, we "fudge" on our income tax, we get "cold feet" before our wedding. Here, author Holder celebrates this human tendency to use mild, vague, or roundabout expressions rather than those which are blunt, precise, and true. The dictionary provides definitions, examples, as well as historical explanations where appropriate.--From publisher description.
 id : 818 ISBN : 1842151053  | name : Cooking for One  |  description : Enjoy the pleasure of eating delicious dishes every time you cook, whatever the quantity.
 id : 820 ISBN : 1860198597  | name : How to Draw Celtic Knotwork  |  description : Enables the novice to draw intricate Celtic-style knotwork without months of practice or any artistic training.
 id : 823 ISBN : 0140622063  | name : Scottish Folk and Fairy Tales  |  description : This is a collection of Scottish fairy tales, folk tales and legends, which have been passed on from generation to generation, and have been brought together in this one volume.
 id : 824 ISBN : 0571209521  | name : Terrible Times  |  description : Leaving his parents, his Mad Uncle Jack, and his Even Madder Aunt Maud at home at Awful End, Eddie Dickens, along with the color-blind Lady Constance, boards the ship the Pompous Pig on a mission to America.
 id : 826 ISBN : 1841952931  | name : Glasgow Zen  |  description : Alan Spence's collection of haikus and other short poetic forms focuses on the theme of Glasgow, its people, landscape and culture. It includes some previously published poems but is mostly made up of contemporary writing.
 id : 827 ISBN : 0890877564  | name : Totally Muffins Cookbook  |  description : Perfect for the upcoming holiday season, we're pleased to announce the latest round of die-cut sensations. As you snuggle closer to your teapot and cozy nearer to your coffee mug, fill your kitchen with the comforting aroma of freshly baked cookies and muffins, each enticingly presented as a beloved collection of treats. Enjoy!
 id : 828 ISBN : 1405200677  | name : Tigger's Little Book of Diet and Exercise  |  description : Three irresistible new additions to the best-selling Wisdom of Pooh gift range. Bite-sized nuggets of sustaining and inspiring information from Pooh and friends. Who knows bravery better than Piglet? Diet and exercise better than Tigger? Or friendship better than Pooh himself? Their wise words are accompanied by E.H. Shepard's lively illustrations.
 id : 830 ISBN : 0747538069  | name : The Adventures of Dougal  |  description : Follows a shaggy dog and his friends on their adventures in the garden, their magic carpet trip around the world, and their visit to Scotland to meet Dougal's mad uncle.
 id : 832 ISBN : 0060927240  | name : Rule of the Bone  |  description : When we first meet him, Chappie is a punked-out teenager living with his mother and abusive stepfather in an upstate New York trailer park. During this time, he slips into drugs and petty crime. Rejected by his parents, out of school and in trouble with the police, he claims for himself a new identity as a permanent outsider; he gets a crossed-bones tattoo on his arm, and takes the name "Bone." He finds dangerous refuge with a group of biker-thieves, and then hides in the boarded-up summer house of a professor and his wife. He finally settles in an abandoned schoolbus with Rose, a child he rescues from a fast-talking pedophile. There Bone meets I-Man, an exiled Rastafarian, and together they begin a second adventure that takes the reader from Middle America to the ganja-growing mountains of Jamaica. It is an amazing journey of self-discovery through a world of magic, violence, betrayal and redemption.
 id : 833 ISBN : 0316776963  | name : Me Talk Pretty One Day  |  description : A recent transplant to Paris, humorist David Sedaris, bestselling author of "Naked", presents a collection of his strongest work yet, including the title story about his hilarious attempt to learn French. A number one national bestseller now in paperback.
 id : 837 ISBN : 1888451084  | name : Kamikaze Lust  |  description : Publisher description.
 id : 838 ISBN : 0451450256  | name : Gossamer Axe  |  description : FICTION/FANTASY
 id : 840 ISBN : 0395877563  | name : Seven Moves  |  description : A Chicago psychotherapist attempts to track down her live-in lover who turns up missing one morning, discovering that her trust may have been misplaced and questioning her professionally trained powers of perception
 id : 841 ISBN : 0962893862  | name : Return to Isis  |  description : A futuristic lesbian tale of high adventure, mystery and love, in which Whit, a bold warrior from an Amazon nation, rescues Amelia from a dismal world where females are either breeders or drones.
 id : 842 ISBN : 1555834531  | name : Hood  |  description : SUNDAYMayday in 1980? heat sealing my fingers together. Why is it the most ordinary images that fall out, when I shuffle the memories? Two girls in a secondhand bookshop, hands sticky with sampled perfumes from an afternoon's Dublin.Up these four storeys of shelves, time moves more slowly than outside on the quays of the dirty river. One window cuts a slab of sunlight; dust motes twitch through it. I shut my eyes and breathe in. 'Which did I put on my thumb, Cara, do you remember?'No answer. I stretch my hand towards her over the Irish poetry shelf, as if hitching a lift. 'All I can smell is old books; you have a go. Was it sandalwood?"Cam emerges from a cartoon, and dips to my hand She wrinkles her nose, which has always reminded me of an 'is less than' sign in algebra.'Not nice?' I ask.'Dunno, Pen. Something liquorishy.' Her eyes drift back to the page.'1 hate liquorice.' All I can make out now is vile strawberry on the wrist. I offer my thumb for Cara to smell again, but she has edged down a shelf to Theology. My arm moves in her wake and topples a pyramid of Surprising Summer Salads.I'm sure to have torn one. I have only ninety-two pence in my drawstring purse, and my belly is cramping. It occurs to me to simply shift my weight on to the ball of my foot and take off like a crazed rhinoceros through the door, Then, being a responsible citizen, even at seventeen, I put my mother's spare handbag down beside the sprawl of books, and kneel. The princess who sorted seeds from sand at least had eloquent ants to help her. All I get are Cara's eyes rolling from the safe distance of the Marxism shelf, and a snigger from some art student over by the window. Luckily the black-lipsticked Goth at the till is engrossed in finding a paper bag for an old atlas; in any other bookshop a saleswoman would be pursing her lips and planting her stiletto heels six inches from my fingers. The tomb of Surprising Summer Salads I build is better ventilated than the original, almost Japanese. I have been neat, no one can make me buy a copy. If it were Astonishing Autumn Appetizers, now, I might consider itI'm blithering, amn't I?Cara is over by Aviation pretending not to know me, so I set off downstairs; tr
 id : 843 ISBN : 0393318435  | name : Leaving Pipe Shop  |  description : In the illuminating language of memory, Deborah McDowell tells the story of her family, living a segregated life in Bessemer, Alabama, where her father worked at U.S. Foundry and Pipe, nicknamed Pipe Shop. Through the intimate details of their daily lives, she shows us how civil rights affected a working-class town, among three generations of women and men. McDowell movingly uncovers a world rarely portrayed, where she was raised to love the sounds and meanings of words and to value a place and culture that has passed. "What an eye McDowell has for important stories hidden in the everyday details, and what a good storyteller she is."'Tonya Bolden, Washington Post Book World "[McDowell] weaves the plainest drab cotton threads into a magic carpet."'Adele Logan Alexander, Women's Review of Books "Engrossing. . . . The author has a seductive way with words that makes Leaving Pipe Shop as good as a piece of sweet potato pie served after a plate of greens and fried chicken."' Boston Globe
 id : 844 ISBN : 0889740828  | name : Love Ruins Everything  |  description : Young lesbian Nomi Rabinovich, unexpectedly dumped by her lover, attends her mother's sudden second wedding and is reunited with her long-lost crush and her beloved gay cousin who both believe the American government created the AIDS virus as a biochemical weapon
 id : 845 ISBN : 1563410443  | name : Skin  |  description : A collection of essays, autobiographical narratives, and performance pieces.
 id : 846 ISBN : 1563899388  | name : Death at Death's Door  |  description : Written by Jill Thompson; Art and Cover by Thompson A manga digest, printed in black, white, and gray tones, featuring appearances by Sandman and all his siblings. In an original story that parallels the events of SANDMAN: SEASON OF MIST, the minions of Hell end up in Death's apartment. Sisters Delirium and Despair decide to throw a party for the dead - which quickly gets out of control. It's up to Dream's older sister Death to figure out how to save the day and the afterlife...not to mention the carpet.
 id : 847 ISBN : 1563411148  | name : The Second Coming of Curly Red  |  description : The Liar's Club meets Fried Green Tomatoes in The Second Coming Of Curly Red, a heartwarming, feisty novel about the transformative power of love. Seventy-year-old Texan, Jimmy Heron, shattered by the tragic death of his wife, takes to the road as he tries to outrun his pain. When he is befriended by Cory Miller and Leigh O'Brien, a lesbian couple living in Reliance, Oregon, the possibilities for a renewed life -- for trust and commitment -- open up. The two women have become the target of a vicious harassment campaign fueled by the bigotry of the Christian Right. Spreading lies and fear couched as "family values, " the fire and brimstone of the Mt. Goshen Church of the Righteous spills over, igniting an all-too-real conflagration. In its heat, a community is forged and a town remembers how it got its name. The Second Coming of Curly Red is a story about what hatred can destroy and love rebuild, a story that will grab you by the heart and not let go.
 id : 848 ISBN : 0553579681  | name : Night Mares  |  description : When a deadly strain of bacteria begins killing all the horses passing through Nina Crawford's veterinary surgery, and Nina is plagued by vicious nightmares that threaten to put her over the edge, her friend and psychiatrist Kellen Stewart decides to find out who is out to destroy her. Original.
 id : 849 ISBN : 0553579673  | name : Hen's Teeth  |  description : The death of her former lover, Bridget Donnelly, leads Glasgow psychiatrist Kellen Stewart to Bridget's country farmhouse on a wild chase after stolen hens, stolen corpses, lethal eggs, and a miracle drug that is actually a recipe for death. Original.
 id : 851 ISBN : 0786889160  | name : No Shirt. No Shoes....No Problem!  |  description : The popular comedian shares a compilation of humor that touches on such universal subjects as marriage, gorwing up, parenthood, friendship, politics, and, of course, Rednecks. Reprint. NYT.
 id : 852 ISBN : 0345370740  | name : The Scions of Shannara  |  description : The Four Lands suffer under the totalitarian rule of a cruel federation that forbids magic while the gifted Par Ohmsford and his brother set out to restore their homeland's past glories
 id : 853 ISBN : 0553574175  | name : Rebel Dawn: Star Wars Legends (The Han Solo Trilogy)  |  description : Here is the explosive conclusion of the blockbuster trilogy that chronicles the never-before-told story of the young Han Solo. Set before the Star Wars(r) movie adventures, these books chronicle the coming-of-age of the galaxy's most famous con man, smuggler, and thief. The Millennium Falcon is "the fastest hunk of junk in the galaxy." So when Han Solo wins it in a game of sabacc, he and Chewbacca become kings of the smugglers--uncatchable, unstoppable. But with the Empire clamping down, Han knows his luck can't last. Still, when an old girlfriend who is now the leader of an insurgent Rebel group offers him a shot at an incredible fortune, Han can't resist. The plan seems a sure thing. The resistance will be light and the take enormous. Han and his friends will divide it equally with the Rebels. Too bad for Han that the planet of Ylesia is far from a pushover, that the Rebels have an agenda of their own, and that smuggler friends can often turn into enemies...quicker than lightspeed.
 id : 854 ISBN : 0553574167  | name : The Hutt Gambit: Star Wars Legends (The Han Solo Trilogy)  |  description : Here is the second novel in the blockbuster new trilogy that reveals the never-before-told story of the young Han Solo. Set before the Star Wars(r) movie adventures, these books chronicle the coming-of-age of the galaxy's most famous con man, smuggler and thief. Solo is now a fugitive from the Imperial Navy. But he has made a valuable friend in a former Wookiee slave named Chewbacca, who has sworn Han a life debt. Han will need all the help he can get. For the Ylesian Hutts have dispatched the dreaded bounty hunter Boba Fett to track down the man who already outsmarted them once. But Han and Chewie find themselves in even bigger trouble when they agree to lend their services to the crime lords Jiliac and Jabba the Hutt. Suddenly the two smugglers are thrust into the middle of a battle between the might of the Empire and the treachery of their outlaw allies...a battle where even victory means death!
 id : 856 ISBN : 0312287240  | name : A Year of Full Moons  |  description : In 1963, a young girl from small-town Summit, Kentucky, copes with her attraction to other women and her family's dire poverty as she learns to trust herself and live in an America torn by social and political unrest. Reprint. 10,000 first printing.
 id : 857 ISBN : 0679801146  | name : Alanna  |  description : Eleven-year-old Alanna, who aspires to be a knight even though she is a girl, disguises herself as a boy to become a royal page, learning many hard lessons along her path to high adventure.
 id : 862 ISBN : 0060006048  | name : Circle of Three #12: Written in the Stars  |  description : Ever moving, ever changing, stars and planets come and go. Those who watch their movements say, "As is above, so is below." Astrology -- the study of the stars -- is said to reveal the truths of the universe. Cooper, Kate, and Annie find this to be alarmingly true, and their progress on the Wiccan path is nearly undone by what the stars tell them.
 id : 863 ISBN : 0312906552  | name : The Space Merchants  |  description : Mitchell Courtenay, an advertising copywriter of the future is assigned to sway public support for the American colonization of Venus
 id : 864 ISBN : 0440117291  | name : Dreamsnake  |  description : A woman named Snake, a healer, travels among the diverse clans of a future world and seeks the secret of the off-world creature, the dreamsnake, which she needs to effect her cures
 id : 866 ISBN : 0374386676  | name : The Year They Burned the Books  |  description : By the author of Annie on My Mind When Wilson High Telegraph editor Jamie Crawford writes an opinion piece in support of the new sex-ed curriculum, which includes making condoms available to high school students, she has no idea that a huge controversy is brewing. Lisa Buel, a school board member, is trying to get rid of the health program, which she considers morally flawed, from its textbooks to its recommendations for outside reading. The newspaper staff find themselves in the center of the storm, and things are complicated by the fact that Jamie is in the process of coming to terms with being gay, and her best friend, Terry, also gay, has fallen in love with a boy whose parents are anti-homosexual. As Jamie's and Terry's sexual orientation becomes more obvious to other studetns, it looks as if the paper they're fighting to keep alive and honest is going to be taken away from them. Nancy Garden has depicted a contemporary battleground in a novel that probes deep into issues of censorship, prejudice, and ethics.
 id : 867 ISBN : 0786886463  | name : A Density of Souls  |  description : Four high-school friends discover the fragile boundaries between friendship and betrayal as they are torn apart by passion, envy, dark secrets, and two violent deaths, as the casual cruelties of adolescence are transformed into murder.
 id : 868 ISBN : 0345395379  | name : Slow River  |  description : She awoke in an alley to the splash of rain. She was naked, a foot-long gash in her back was still bleeding, and her identity implant was gone. Lore Van Oesterling had been the daughter of one of the world's most powerful families...and now she was nobody, and she had to hide. Then out of the rain walked Spanner, predator and thief, who took her in, cared for her wound, and taught her how to reinvent herself again and again. No one could find Lore now: not the police, not her family, and not the kidnappers who had left her in that alley to die. She had escaped...but the cost of her newfound freedom was crime and deception, and she paid it over and over again, until she had become someone she loathed. Lore had a choice: She could stay in the shadows, stay with Spanner...and risk losing herself forever. Or she could leave Spanner and find herself again by becoming someone else: stealing the identity implant of a dead woman, taking over her life, and creating a new future. But to start again, Lore required Spanner's talents--Spanner, who needed her and hated her, and who always had a price. And even as Lore agreed to play Spanner's game one final time, she found that there was still the price of being a Van Oesterling to be paid. Only by confronting her family, her past, and her own demons could Lore meld together who she had once been, who she had become, and the person she intended to be...
 id : 871 ISBN : 0374343381  | name : Lark in the Morning  |  description : Seventeen-year-old Gillian, finding that the thieves who broke into her family's vacation house are two young runaways terrified of being sent back to their abusive parents, decides to help them hide out from the authorities.
 id : 872 ISBN : 0345403339  | name : Saving Grace  |  description : Surrounded all her life by zealous religious figures, Grace Shepherd narrates her own story, from her father's revival meetings, through seduction, a failed marriage, and motherhood, to an independent life in Knoxville and a job as a waitress. Reprint.
 id : 874 ISBN : 0440219604  | name : I Hadn't Meant to Tell You this  |  description : Marie, the only Black girl in the eighth grade willing to befriend her white classmate Lena, discovers that Lena's father is doing horrible things to her in private.
 id : 876 ISBN : 0345429176  | name : UFOs, JFK, and Elvis  |  description : The comedian and actor offers a humorous and opinionated look at America's conspiracy theories, from the serious to the silly, and explains their persistent popularity with the public
 id : 878 ISBN : 1573229571  | name : About a Boy  |  description : Will trades his lack of enthusiasm toward children for a date with a truly beautiful woman who is also a single mother.
 id : 880 ISBN : 0517201658  | name : The Thorn Birds  |  description : An inaugural edition of the Modern Classics series is the only hardcover edition of The Thorn Birds currently in print and is the epic story of three generations of a family in the Australian outback.
 id : 881 ISBN : 0743211383  | name : Dreamcatcher  |  description : The author of Bag of Bones presents a story about how men experience memories and find their courage, in a tale of stark survival and heroism in the face of a haunted past.
 id : 882 ISBN : 039914370X  | name : Sudden Mischief  |  description : When Spenser comes to the aid of his long-time love, Susan, in her efforts to help her ex-husband Brad Sterling, he finds himself caught up in a twisted battle against some very bad men, shadowy mob connections, and a woman tormented by her past. 150,000 first printing. Tour.
 id : 883 ISBN : 1884777805  | name : Elements of Programming with Perl  |  description : A tutorial for Perl programming and the particulars of Perl syntax, as well as good style and structure and maintainability of the code, also includes advanced concepts--such as modular programming, abstract datastructures, and object-oriented programming. Original. (Intermediate).
 id : 884 ISBN : 0312977905  | name : To Catch a Cat  |  description : While stealing Leif Eriksson, a prized cat, from its owners as part of a gang initiation, Robin, a teenager struggling to fit in with the local kids, witnesses a murder in owners' bedroom and must avoid a killer who will do anything to keep from being caught while coping with his very active feline hostage. Reprint.
 id : 885 ISBN : 0812521331  | name : People of the Wolf  |  description : Before the dawn of history, a brave people found a new world, led by a dreamer who followed the spirit of the wolf. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 886 ISBN : 0451205421  | name : The Door to December  |  description : #1 New York Times bestselling author Dean Koontz takes readers into the darkest recesses of the human mind—and into the tempest of a father's obsession. A call in the middle of the night summoned psychiatrist Laura McCaffrey out into the rain-swept streets of Los Angeles. The police had found her husband-beaten to death. But what of her daughter, Melanie, whom he had kidnapped six years earlier? At the brutal murder scene, the police lead Laura into her husband's makeshift lab—and open the door to a rising tide of terror that has trapped Melanie in its midst...
 id : 889 ISBN : 0449207595  | name : The Grass is Always Greener Over the Septic Tank  |  description : Erma Bombeck lays bare the truth about the people of suburbia and their extraordinary ways of life
 id : 892 ISBN : 039457513X  | name : Billy Bathgate  |  description : Billy Bathgate is an urban Huck Finn who comes of age in New York City in the 1930s as the protege of Dutch Schultz, one of the most abominable gangsters of his time, but one of life's great teachers as well. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 893 ISBN : 0394559487  | name : Citizens  |  description : Explores the roots and fruition of the French Revolution in terms of the vitality and infatuation with technology that motivated French citizenry toward change and the conflicting strained economics frustrating their visions for France
 id : 894 ISBN : 0804001944  | name : The Man who Killed the Deer  |  description : The story of Martiniano, a Pueblo Indian story of sin and redemption and of the conflict between Indian and white laws.
 id : 895 ISBN : 0590897985  | name : The Music of Dolphins  |  description : After rescuing an adolescent girl from the sea, researchers learn she has been raised by dolphins and attempt to rehabilitate her to the human world.
 id : 896 ISBN : 0689832877  | name : Sunwing  |  description : Continues the adventures of Shade, a young bat, as he searches for his father and struggles to prevent the evil jungle bat Goth from wiping out the sun.
 id : 897 ISBN : 0689829698  | name : Caddie Woodlawn  |  description : Chronicles the adventures of eleven-year-old Caddie growing up with her six brothers and sisters on the Wisconsin frontier in the mid-nineteenth century.
 id : 899 ISBN : 0064409457  | name : The Silver Chair: Full Color Edition  |  description : Jill and Eustace must rescue the Prince from the evil Witch.
 id : 901 ISBN : 043922165X  | name : Circles in the Stream  |  description : This first book in a new series introduces Emily, Adriane, and Kara, three girls who are drawn into the woods to a portal to another world through which strange, but peaceful animals have emerged, searching desperately for the magic that will keep them alive. But what follows them through the portal is pure evil. The girls have been chosen to help--or perish trying.
 id : 902 ISBN : 0152162445  | name : High Wizardry  |  description : When her younger sister uses the family computer with its special wizard software to travel to worlds light years away, Nita uses her wizardry to try to find her.
 id : 903 ISBN : 0152162577  | name : Deep Wizardry  |  description : During a summer vacation at the beach, thirteen-year-old wizard Nita and her friend Kit assist the whale-wizard S'reee in combating an evil power.
 id : 904 ISBN : 015216250X  | name : Deep Wizardry  |  description : During a summer vacation at the beach, thirteen-year-old wizard Nita and her friend Kit assist the whale-wizard S'reee in combating an evil power.
 id : 905 ISBN : 1562477528  | name : Going for Great  |  description : When stage fright strikes before a big competition, Jenna finds support in an unpopular girl from a troubled family, but this new relationship may cost Jenna her best friend. A first novel. Simultaneous.
 id : 906 ISBN : 0439221676  | name : All That Glitters  |  description : Emily and Adriane have one thing Kara doesn't--a magic gem. When Kara finally finds a stone of her own, a diamond unicorn horn, no less, it brings more trouble than anyone can handle. For Kara's jewel is the most powerful of all. But with great power comes great danger. If Kara messes up using her magic, there may be no escape for anyone.
 id : 907 ISBN : 0439221684  | name : Cry of the Wolf  |  description : When Adriane's beloved animal companion, the wolf Stormbringer, is lured back into the magical world, Adriane follows her friend and meets the mysterious Zach, who aids her in her quest to save her friend.
 id : 908 ISBN : 0439221714  | name : The Secret of the Unicorn  |  description : The fairy glen has vanished, new animals are arriving in Ravenswood, and one of them is a frightened, confused, and wounded unicorn.
 id : 909 ISBN : 0439221706  | name : Spellsinger  |  description : When Kara books Be*Tween and Johnny Conrad to perform at the benefit concert for the Ravenswood Wildlife Preserve, she has no idea that one of the singers has a dangerous secret that puts Ravenswood and her friends in danger.
 id : 910 ISBN : 0439221730  | name : Trial by Fire  |  description : After obtaining the fairy map, Kara and her friends must find the path to Avalon before the Dark Sorceress has a chance to take the map away from them.
 id : 912 ISBN : 0895872102  | name : The Hauntings of Williamsburg, Yorktown, and Jamestown  |  description : For more than 250 years, people have told tales of strange occurrences in Virginia's historic triangle. Colonial homes, deserted battlefield, haunted cemeteries, local churches, and public buildings all provide backgrounds for ghostly stories. Jackie Behrend, creator of two of the area's most popular walking tours--"Haunted Williamsburg" and "Hauntings of Yorktown"--now gathers over 40 of her most popular tales in this collection. Photos.
 id : 913 ISBN : 068983585X  | name : The Janitor's Boy  |  description : IT WAS THE PERFECT CRIME Unfortunately, it also led to the perfect punishment. When Jack Rankin gets busted for defacing a school desk with a huge wad of disgusting, watermelon bubble gum, the principal sentences him to three weeks of after-school gum cleanup for the chief custodian. The problem is, Jack's anger at the chief custodian was the reason for his gum project in the first place. The chief custodian happens to be Jack's dad. But doing time in the school basement after hours reveals some pretty surprising things: about the school, about Jack's father, and about Jack himself.
 id : 916 ISBN : 185424597X  | name : The Heavenly Man  |  description : This is the intensely dramatic story of how God took a young, half-starved boy from a poor village in Henan Province and used him mightily to preach the gospel, despite horrific opposition. Brother Yun is one of China's house church leaders, a man who despite his relative youth has suffered prolonged torture and imprisonment for his faith. Instead of focusing on the many miracles or experiences of suffering, however, Yun prefers to emphasise the character and beauty of Jesus. This astonishing book will form a watershed in your spiritual life.
 id : 917 ISBN : 2080105434  | name : The Little Book of Chocolate  |  description : Flammarion presents its series of informative, richly illustrated guides, covering lifestyle and cultural topics. Find out everything you want to know about your favorite subject in one handy volume. • Unique thematic treatment with extensive use of key words and cross-referencing • Over 70 alphabetically organized bite-sized entries in every title • Attractive slimline format • 100 color illustrations • Summaries of key facts and dates in easy-reference tables • Exclusive buyer's guide or list of useful addresses to find out more
 id : 920 ISBN : 3404121686  | name : Nacht über den Wassern  |  description : Im September 1939, wenige Tage nach Kriegsausbruch, startet der legendäre Pan-American-Flying-Clipper, ein gigantisches Flugboot, von Southampton aus zu einem letzten Flug über den Atlantik. An Bord der Maschine befinden sich 40 Menschen. Jeder von ihnen hat seinen Grund, die alte Welt zu verlassen. Und jeder steht vor der wichtigsten Entscheidung seines Lebens. Doch nur einer kennt die drohende Gefahr, die über den Wassern lauert. "Ken Follett bietet einmal mehr beste Unterhaltung" Saarbrücker Zeitung "Nacht über den Wassern ist ein spannender Ferien-Krimi für diejenigen, die dicke Schmöker ... mögen" Frankfurter Rundschau.
 id : 922 ISBN : 0345356578  | name : A Man Rides Through  |  description : In the thrilling conclusion to THE MIRROR OF HER DREAMS, Terisa Morgan finds herself face to face with the monstrous evil that threatens to destroy everyone and everything. Now, the masterful storytelling that is A MAN RIDES THROUGH, will delight readers everywhere--and reaffirm Stephen R. Donaldson's position as the foremost practitioner of the epic fantasy form in the world today! "Donaldson has created his best work yet." SCIENCE FICTION CHRONICLE
 id : 923 ISBN : 0345346971  | name : The Mirror of Her Dreams  |  description : Geraden, a mysterious man from a magical kingdom, enters Terisa Morgan's apartment through a mirror and asks her to come back with him in order to save his land
 id : 924 ISBN : 0753804700  | name : The Reader  |  description : A meditation on the connections between Germany's past and its present, dramatised with extreme emotional intelligence as the story of a relationship between the narrator and an older woman.
 id : 925 ISBN : 0451155750  | name : The Dead Zone  |  description : After four and a half years in a coma, Johnny Smith awakens with a knowledge of the death zone and an ability to see the future, a horrible power that he does not want and cannot escape
 id : 926 ISBN : 0786890436  | name : The Diary of Ellen Rimbauer  |  description : At the turn of the twentieth century, Ellen Rimbauer became the young bride of Seattle industrialist John Rimbauer, and began keeping a remarkable diary. This diary became the secret place where Ellen could confess her fears of the new marriage, her confusion over her emerging sexuality, and the nightmare that her life would become. The diary not only follows the development of a girl into womanhood, it follows the construction of the Rimbauer mansioncalled Rose Redan enormous home that would be the site of so many horrific and inexplicable tragedies in the years ahead. The Diary of Ellen Rimbauer: My Life at Rose Red is a rare document, one that gives us an unusual view of daily life among the aristocracy in the early 1900s, a window into one womans hidden emotional torment, and a record of the mysterious events at Rose Red that scandalized Seattle society at the timeevents that can only be fully understood now that the diary has come to light. Edited by Joyce Reardon, Ph.D. as part of her research, the diary is being published as preparations are being made by Dr. Reardon to enter Rose Red and fully investigate its disturbing history.
 id : 928 ISBN : 0521427150  | name : Belonging in the Two Berlins  |  description : This is an ethnographic investigation into the meaning of German selfhood during the Cold War. Borneman shows how ideas of kin, state, and nation were constructed through processes of mirror imaging and misrecognition. Using linguistics and narrative analysis he compares the autobiographies of two generations of Berlin's residents with the official versions prescribed by the two German states.
 id : 929 ISBN : 0812923278  | name : The Great Depression  |  description : One of the classic studies of the Great Depression, featuring a new introduction by the author with insights into the economic crises of 1929 and today. In the twenty-five years since its publication, critics and scholars have praised historian Robert McElvaine’s sweeping and authoritative history of the Great Depression as one of the best and most readable studies of the era. Combining clear-eyed insight into the machinations of politicians and economists who struggled to revive the battered economy, personal stories from the average people who were hardest hit by an economic crisis beyond their control, and an evocative depiction of the popular culture of the decade, McElvaine paints an epic picture of an America brought to its knees—but also brought together by people’s widely shared plight. In a new introduction, McElvaine draws striking parallels between the roots of the Great Depression and the economic meltdown that followed in the wake of the credit crisis of 2008. He also examines the resurgence of anti-regulation free market ideology, beginning in the Reagan era, and argues that some economists and politicians revised history and ignored the lessons of the Depression era.
 id : 931 ISBN : 0345428544  | name : Onslaught: Star Wars Legends  |  description : In this epic of unsurpassed action and imagination, Michael Stackpole helps to launch an exciting new era in Star Wars history. Onslaught pits the battle-tested heroes of the past—Luke Skywalker, Han Solo, and Leia Organa Solo—along with the next generation of Jedi and droids, against fearsome never-before-encountered enemies from beyond the galactic rim . . . It is a perilous time for the New Republic. Just when unity is needed most, mistrust is on the rise. Even the Jedi feel the strain, as rogue elements rebel against Luke's leadership. When alien invaders known as the Yunnan Vong strike without warning, the New Republic is thrown on the defensive. Merciless warriors, the Yunnan Vong glory in torture. Their technology is as strange as it is deadly. Most ominous of all, they are impervious to the Force. Now Luke must wield all the awesome powers of a Jedi Master to defeat the gravest threat since Darth Vader. As Leia and Gavin Darklighter lead desperate refugees in a fighting retreat from Yunnan Vong forces, Mara Jade, Anakin, Jacen, and Corran Horn find themselves tested as never before by a faceless, implacable foe determined to smother the light of the New Republic forever beneath a shroud of darkest evil . . .
 id : 932 ISBN : 0671694049  | name : The Long Dark Tea-time of the Soul  |  description : After a Heathrow Airport ticket counter explodes, intergalactic sleuth Dirk Gently finds himself up against a heavenly host of foes-- from the IRA to the Norse Gods.
 id : 933 ISBN : 080901582X  | name : The Return of Simple  |  description : Jesse B. Simple, Simple to his fans, made weekly appearances beginning in 1943 in Langston Hughes' column in the Chicago Defender. Simple may have shared his readers feelings of loss and dispossession, but he also cheered them on with his wonderful wit and passion for life.
 id : 934 ISBN : 0449006557  | name : Half Moon Street  |  description : A bizarre murder on the Thames leads Inspector Thomas Pitt into the shadowy underworld around Victorian London's art district for answers.
 id : 935 ISBN : 0373250339  | name : A Minor Indiscretion  |  description : When Ali and Ed Kingston decide to go their separate ways after Ali's brief encounter with a much younger street artist, their friends and family will stop at nothing to see them reunited, in a wickedly funny novel of temptation and midlife crises. Original.
 id : 936 ISBN : 0380820447  | name : For Better, for Worse  |  description : After her marriage to Damien ended in disaster, Londoner Josie Flynn -- thirtysomething and single again -- is flying across the ocean to her American cousin's "big mistake" wedding. In her present "love stinks" frame of mind, the last person she expects to be seated next to on the flight is someone like Matt Jarvis. A recently divorced rock journalist, Matt is sensitive, good-looking, and remarkably attentive -- and before their plane touches down, Josie's smitten. So how can she hope to convince her cousin to cut and run when Josie is all ready to leap into love again -- with a stranger, no less, who might be just another Mr. Totally Wrong in Mr. Seductively Right's clothing? The point is rendered moot, of course, once they deplane and she and Matt go their separate ways. After all, Josie's got prenuptial confabs to worry about and that dreaded lilac chiffon bridesmaid's dress to wear. But Dante himself couldn't have dreamed up the hell this wedding is proving to be -- and when her dream hunk reappears and throws himself into the mix, Josie finds herself wondering how she -- or any unattached modern woman, in fact -- can hope to survive the new romantic rules of the twenty-first century. Already a bestseller in the U.K., Carole Matthews's For Better, for Worse is a deliriously droll, dead-on tale of marriage, sex, monogamy, and modern love.
 id : 937 ISBN : 0385497679  | name : Hidden in Plain View  |  description : The fascinating story of a friendship, a lost tradition, and an incredible discovery, revealing how enslaved men and women made encoded quilts and then used them to navigate their escape on the Underground Railroad. In Hidden in Plain View, historian Jacqueline Tobin and scholar Raymond Dobard offer the first proof that certain quilt patterns, including a prominent one called the Charleston Code, were, in fact, essential tools for escape along the Underground Railroad. In 1993, historian Jacqueline Tobin met African American quilter Ozella Williams amid piles of beautiful handmade quilts in the Old Market Building of Charleston, South Carolina. With the admonition to "write this down," Williams began to describe how slaves made coded quilts and used them to navigate their escape on the Underground Railroad. But just as quickly as she started, Williams stopped, informing Tobin that she would learn the rest when she was "ready." During the three years it took for Williams's narrative to unfold—and as the friendship and trust between the two women grew—Tobin enlisted Raymond Dobard, Ph.D., an art history professor and well-known African American quilter, to help unravel the mystery. Part adventure and part history, Hidden in Plain View traces the origin of the Charleston Code from Africa to the Carolinas, from the low-country island Gullah peoples to free blacks living in the cities of the North, and shows how three people from completely different backgrounds pieced together one amazing American story. With a new afterword. Illlustrations and photographs throughout, including a full-color photo insert.
 id : 938 ISBN : 0451454243  | name : The Forest House  |  description : The New York Times bestselling science fiction and fantasy author of the Avalon series introduces the prequel to the beloved and enduring classic The Mists of Avalon in this mesmerizing epic of one woman’s legendary role at a turning point in history. In a Britain struggling to survive Roman invasion, Eilan is the daughter of a Druidic warleader, gifted with visions and marked by fate to become a priestess of the Forest House. But fate also led Eilan to Gaius, a soldier of mixed blood, son of the Romans sent to subdue the native British. For Gaius, Eilan felt forbidden love, and her terrible secret will haunt her even as she is anointed as the new High Priestess. With mighty enemies poised to destroy the magic the Forest House shelters, Eilan must trust in the power of the great Goddess to lead her through the treacherous labyrinth of her destiny.
 id : 945 ISBN : 039914563X  | name : The Bear and the Dragon  |  description : In the wake of an assassination attempt on the SVR (former KGB) chairman, newly elected U.S. president Jack Ryan puts black ops specialist John Clark on the alert, only to have things complicated by dangerous forces in China. 2,000,000 first printing.
 id : 946 ISBN : 0312853238  | name : Ender's Game  |  description : A veteran of years of simulated war games, Ender believes he is engaged in one more computer war game when in truth he is commanding the last fleet of Earth against an alien race seeking the complete destruction of Earth.
 id : 947 ISBN : 0688048730  | name : Thinking on Paper  |  description : Refine, express, and actually generate ideas by understanding the processes of the mind.
 id : 948 ISBN : 0425161722  | name : Tom Clancy's Net Force  |  description : From the #1 New York Times bestselling creators of Op-Center comes a different kind of law enforcement. In the year 2010, computers are the new superpowers. Those who control them, control the world. To enforce the Net Laws, Congress forms the ultimate computer security agency within the FBI: the Net Force.
 id : 949 ISBN : 0385493800  | name : The Testament  |  description : #1 NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER • In a plush Virginia office, a rich, angry old man is furiously rewriting his will. With his death just hours away, Troy Phelan wants to send a message to his children, his ex-wives, and his minions—a message that will touch off a vicious legal battle and transform dozens of lives. Nate O'Riley is a high-octane Washington litigator who's lived too hard, too fast, for too long. His second marriage in a shambles, and he is emerging from his fourth stay in rehab armed with little more than his fragile sobriety, good intentions, and resilient sense of humor. Returning to the real world is always difficult, but this time it's going to be murder. Rachel Lane is a young woman who chose to give her life to God, who walked away from the modern world with all its strivings and trappings and encumbrances, and went to live and work with a primitive tribe of Indians in the deepest jungles of Brazil. In a story that mixes legal suspense with a remarkable adventure, their lives are forever altered by the startling secret of The Testament.
 id : 950 ISBN : 0849916399  | name : The Internet Church  |  description : With rapid technological advances and the increasing impact of the internet, the world is literally at our fingertips. Yet many churches have yet to discover how to tap into this powerful resource. The Internet Church shows church leaders how to start from square one in creating an interactive website that can greatly expand the ministry potential of a church. Walter Wilson, an internet expert and committed Christian, describes how technology can enhance evangelism outreach, and challenges leaders to take advantage of unprecedented opportunities in the new digital age.
 id : 951 ISBN : 1928791107  | name : The MP3 and Internet Audio Handbook  |  description : An introduction to digital music that provides information on getting music from the Web, playing music on a personal computer, making MP3 files, creating a digital jukebox, and other related topics.
 id : 952 ISBN : 067175145X  | name : The Way Things Ought to be  |  description : Limbaugh delivers his spirited defense of conservative values in blunt talk, with scathing wit. Includes new material on the Clinton administration, plus a teaser from Limbaugh's new hardcover, See, I Told You So, to be published in November.
 id : 953 ISBN : 0440211727  | name : A Time to Kill  |  description : Following the brutal rape of his ten-year-old daughter, Carl Lee Haily, a black man living in a small Mississippi town, kills the two white men accused of the crime
 id : 954 ISBN : 0877192820  | name : The Truth about Texas  |  description : An exploration of more than 200 myths, legends and general misinformation related to Texas.
 id : 955 ISBN : 0380002450  | name : Awakening  |  description : "She grew daring and reckless. Overestimating her strength. She wanted to swim far out. Where no woman had swum before."
 id : 956 ISBN : 0793133955  | name : Wall Street's Picks for 2000  |  description : This informative guide contains in-depth reports on selected stocks and mutual funds, along with managers' perspectives on the market and personal recipes for investment success. It is packed with proven strategies, market insights and timely information, including details on what makes each recommendation a winner, complete with profiles, key financial figures, performance charts, and contacts.
 id : 958 ISBN : 0425134350  | name : Patriot Games  |  description : From England to Ireland to America, an explosive wave of violence sweeps CIA analyst Jack Ryan and his family into the deadliest game of our time: international terrorism. An ultra-left-wing faction of the IRA targets Ryan for his act of salvation in an assassination attempt. Jack Ryan returns to the big screen this summer in "The Sum of All Fears" starring Ben Affleck. (June) Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 959 ISBN : 0385479689  | name : Dead Men Do Tell Tales  |  description : From a skeleton, a skull, a mere fragment of burnt thighbone, prominent forensic anthropologist Dr. William Maples can deduce the age, gender, and ethnicity of a murder victim, the manner in which the person was dispatched, and, ultimately, the identity of the killer. In Dead Men Do Tell Tales, Dr. Maples revisits his strangest, most interesting, and most horrific investigations, from the baffling cases of conquistador Francisco Pizarro and Vietnam MIAs to the mysterious deaths of President Zachary Taylor and the family of Czar Nicholas II.
 id : 960 ISBN : 0380754851  | name : Moonlighting  |  description : Gives the opportunities, what it takes to get started and other considerations for a variety of home-based businesses
 id : 961 ISBN : 0380538504  | name : Amanda Miranda  |  description : In 1911, Miss Amanda Whitwell of Whitwell Hall, bound by class conventions that prove unequal to her plans and passions, draws her maid, Miranda Cooke, into a journey of betrayal, tragedy, and disaster
 id : 962 ISBN : 044661162X  | name : Chasing the Dime  |  description : The phone messages waiting for Henry Pierce clearly aren't for him: "Where is Lilly? This is her number. It's on the site." Pierce has just moved into a new apartment, and he's been "chasing the dime"--doing all it takes so his company comes out first with a scientific breakthrough worth millions. But he can't get the messages for Lilly out of his head. As Pierce tries to help a woman he has never met, he steps into a world of escorts, websites, sex, and secret passions. A world where his success and expertise mean nothing...and where he becomes the chief suspect in a murder case, trapped in the fight of his life.
 id : 963 ISBN : 0671742566  | name : Tender Triumph  |  description : Submerging her painful past in a promising career, beautiful but wary Katie Connelly keeps all men at a distance, until she meets the courtly and passionate Ramon Galverra. Reissue.
 id : 964 ISBN : 0515122408  | name : The Cat Who Tailed a Thief  |  description : Jim Qwilleran—along with his lovable Siamese cats Koko and Yum Yum—follows a trail of clues as elusive as a cat burglar in the night in this mystery in the New York Times bestselling series. There’s been a rash of petty thievery in Pickax—ever since banker Willard Carmichael and his flashy young wife, Danielle, moved in. But now Willard’s been killed in a mugging Down Below…or so it seems. Qwill’s suspicious, especially when Willard’s house-restoration project in Pickax falls into the hands of Danielle’s cousin—whose rich new wife then dies on her honeymoon! The clues are confounding. But with Koko’s help, Qwill intends to catch a thief—and a killer...
 id : 965 ISBN : 0440222818  | name : Guilt  |  description : “A great thriller: breakneck pacing, electrifying courtroom scenes, and a cast of richly crafted characters.”—People Mark Dooher is a prosperous San Francisco attorney and a prominent Catholic, the last person anyone would suspect of a brutal crime. But Dooher, a paragon of success and a master of all he touches, is about to be indicted for murder. Charged with savagely killing his own wife, Dooher is fighting for his reputation and his life in a high-profile case that is drawing dozens of lives into its wake—from former spouses to former friends, from a beautiful, naive young attorney to a defense lawyer whose own salvation depends on getting his client off. Now, as the trial builds to a crescendo, as evidence is sifted and witnesses discredited, as a good cop tries to pick up the pieces of his shattered life and a D.A. risks her career, the truth about Mark Dooher is about to explode. For in a trial that will change the lives of everyone it touches, there is one thing that no one knows—until it is much too late. . . . Praise for Guilt “A well-paced legal thriller . . . one of the best in this flourishing genre to come along in a while.”—The Washington Post Book World “Begin [Guilt] over a weekend . . . If you start during the workweek, you will be up very late, and your pleasure will be tainted with, well, guilt.”—The Philadelphia Inquirer “A wonderful novel . . . reminiscent of Scott Turow. John Lescroart isn’t a lawyer, but he writes like one.”—Dayton Daily News “Crackling legal action . . . robust and intelligent entertainment.”—Publishers Weekly
 id : 966 ISBN : 0451204050  | name : On Secret Service  |  description : Retraces the early years of the "Secret Service," from the Pinkertons to the assassination of Lincoln, following four main characters--a spy, a rebel, an actress, and an officer.
 id : 970 ISBN : 0451188209  | name : A Palette for Murder  |  description : Jessica Fletcher's mid-summer vacation to New York's famed Hampton beaches turns into a lesson in the art of murder. Indulging in a lifelong passion, she enrolls in an art class, but when the model they had been sketching fails to stir--the victim of a deadly poison--Jessica canvasses the area, chasing down a killer with an artistic flair.
 id : 971 ISBN : 0440130913  | name : The Golden Cup  |  description : NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER • The triumphant saga that began in Evergreen continues A woman of hidden desires, Hennie De Rivera has none of the wealth enjoyed by her relatives, the Werner banking dynasty. But tall, shy Hennie has grand dreams, especially of daring activist Dan Roth, who invites controversy by fighting for New York's poorest immigrants. Breaking society's rules might have devastating consequences for this passionate woman—and for her nephew Paul Werner, who weds his debutante fiancée while still yearning for his mother's beautiful maid, Anna Friedman. And amid heartbreaking discoveries and the gathering clouds of World War I, the stirring family saga begun in Evergreen continues with an unforgettable tale of forbidden passions, intimate secrets, and sweeping social change. . . .
 id : 972 ISBN : 0449001954  | name : Murder at the Library of Congress  |  description : In the depths of the U.S. Library of Congress toil thousands of researchers, chasing down obsessions, breakthroughs, and new contributions to human wisdom. But when amateur D.C. sleuth Annabel Reed-Smith enters this stately American institution, she discovers a hornet’s nest of intrigue and murder. After a renowned scholar is bludgeoned to death among the scholarly stacks, an ambitious TV reporter links the case to the heist of a Spanish painting from a Miami museum and a killing in Mexico City. Annabel suspects that buried in the Library are secrets some people will do anything to keep silent–the secret of a rich man’s ambition, a researcher’s disappearance, and a mysterious diary of Christopher Columbus’s journey written five hundred years ago. . . .
 id : 973 ISBN : 0345404777  | name : No Safe Place  |  description : In the high-stakes, high-pressure world of presidential politics, where predators carry microphones and one misstep can savage a lifetime of achievement, Kerry Kilcannon is the rarest player of all. Kilcannon believes he can make the system work. And he just may die trying. Driven by the violent nightmare of his childhood, fueled by forces that few could understand, and burdened by secrets no one must know, Kilcannon is running for President--and entering the crucial battleground of California with seven days to go. But for Kilcannon, there are hurdles that his courage, charisma, and compassion may not overcome: the network correspondent he still loves; the reporter bent on their exposure; the rival who'll do anything to win; and the fanatic who believes that he must murder Kilcannon to protect the right to life.
 id : 974 ISBN : 0451185277  | name : Thorns of Truth  |  description : Rose Santini Griffin and Rachel MacClanahan, now grown with children of their own, once more confront the destiny that has haunted them since they were switched at birth, as Rose's son prepares to marry Rachel's daughter and a widowed Sylvie discovers tha
 id : 975 ISBN : 0440224829  | name : Granny Dan  |  description : In my eyes she had always been old, always been mine, always been Granny Dan. But in another time, another place, there had been dancing, people, laughter, love. . . . She had had another life before she came to us, long before she came to me. . . . She was the cherished grandmother who sang songs in Russian, loved to roller-skate, and spoke little of her past. But when Granny Dan died, all that remained was a box wrapped in brown paper, tied with string. Inside, an old pair of satin toe shoes, a gold locket, and a stack of letters tied with ribbon. It was her legacy, her secret past, waiting to be discovered by the granddaughter who loved her but never really knew her. It was a story waiting to be told. . . . The year was 1902. A new century was dawning as a motherless young girl arrived at a ballet school in St. Petersburg, Russia, at the age of seven. By age seventeen, Danina Petroskova had become a great ballerina, a favorite of the Czar and Czarina, who welcomed her into the heart of the Imperial family. But events both near and far away shook the ground upon which she danced. A war, an extraordinary man, and a devastating illness altered the course of her life. And when revolution shattered Russia, Danina Petroskova was forced to make a heartbreaking choice—as the world around her was about to change forever. Granny Dan is about the magic of history. In it, Danielle Steel reminds us how little we know of those who came before us—and how, if we could only glimpse into their early lives, and see who they once were, there is so much we would understand and learn. For in this extraordinary novel, a simple box, filled with mementos from a grandmother, offers the greatest legacy of all: an unexpected gift of a life transformed, a long-forgotten history of youth and beauty, love and dreams.
 id : 976 ISBN : 0671779338  | name : Border Bride  |  description : A new Scottish romance--the sequel to Border Lord--from bestselling author Arnette Lamb, winner of the 1990-91 Romantic Times Award for Best New Historical Romance Author. Lady Alpin MacKay and Scottish lord Malcolm Kerr do battle, little realizing the fierce love about to be ignited.
 id : 977 ISBN : 0515134368  | name : The Penwyth Curse  |  description : Sir Bishop of Lythe has come to Penwyth for his royal reward—the keep and young Merryn's hand. But he wonders if a curse will prove his undoing.
 id : 978 ISBN : 0380759497  | name : Xanth 15: The Color of Her Panties  |  description : We See England, We See Xanth, We See Mels's Underpanth In fact, Gwenny Goblin, Che Centaur and Jenny Elf are just about the only creatures on Xanth who have been spared the sight of Mela Merwoman's undergarment -- preoccupied as they are with helping Gwenny beat out her awful half-brother Gobble for chiefship of the goblin horde. But first they must master space and thyme . . . and find the fabulous egg that sits between the Roc and the hard place. While Mela -- who would gladly relinquish her oft-viewed undies for a new husband -- joins the Adult Conspiracy . . . and quickly discovers the power of a perfect pair of panties!
 id : 980 ISBN : 0394578791  | name : A Reporter's Life  |  description : One of America's most trusted journalists describes his youth, his early career as a reporter, his work as a war correspondent, and his rise to the pinnacle of television news, sharing his views on the media, news, and the American condition
 id : 981 ISBN : 1558505377  | name : Jacob Marley's Christmas Carol  |  description : Based on a one-man show written and performed by author Tom Mula, Jacob Marley's Christmas Carol offers a unique and entertaining new twist on the familiar holiday tale. Readers follow Marley as he works behind the scenes to save Scrooge's soul. Funny, irreverent, and moving, this beautifully illustrated gift book promises to become a holiday favorite.
 id : 982 ISBN : 0373245696  | name : Practice Makes Pregnant  |  description : Practice Makes Pregnant by Lois Faye Dyer released on Sep 30, 2003 is available now for purchase.
 id : 983 ISBN : 0743201078  | name : The Secret Lives of Girls  |  description : A thought-provoking and provocative book, drawn from interviews with pre-teens, teens, and adult women, examines the everyday behavior of "real" pre-adolescent girls, revealing how private sexual play and agressive behavior can mold them into strong, self-assured, and well-balanced women. 40,000 first printing.
 id : 984 ISBN : 068983571X  | name : The Hound of the Baskervilles  |  description : When Sir Charles Baskerville is found mysteriously dead, Sherlock Holmes looks into the case.
 id : 986 ISBN : 0892967994  | name : The Fractal Murders  |  description : Learning that three instructors who shared her specialty have died under mysterious circumstances, fractal geometry professor Jane Smythe turns for help to former Marine and private investigator Pepper Keane, who investigates clues across the country. A first novel. 18,000 first printing.
 id : 987 ISBN : 0061064505  | name : Blowtorch@psycho.com  |  description : Jason begins to lose control of the story he is writing on his computer, when Blowtorch, the main character, tries to escape from jail against Jason's wishes.
 id : 988 ISBN : 1551668785  | name : Final Stand  |  description : Final Stand by Helen R. Myers released on Jan 25, 2002 is available now for purchase.
 id : 991 ISBN : 0380817144  | name : Lord of the Silent  |  description : In 1915 Cairo, Egyptologist Amelia Peabody and her husband brave German submarines and warring Senussi to continue their search for ancient artifacts, until they stumble upon a much-too-recent corpse and try to find the killer.
 id : 992 ISBN : 0380752115  | name : Whisper to Me of Love  |  description : Royce Manchester catches a pickpocket in the act and discovers that the boy is actually a woman, an unlikely circumstance that leads to an unlikely, although undeniable, passion between the two
 id : 993 ISBN : 0553212583  | name : Wuthering Heights  |  description : The passionate love of Catherine Earnshaw and Heathcliff mirrors the powerful moods of the Yorkshire moors
 id : 994 ISBN : 0446364762  | name : The Stars Shine Down  |  description : In THE STARS SHINE DOWN, Sidney Sheldon returns to the powerful and classic themes that have made him one of the world's most popular bestselling authors. And in Lara Cameron, he has created his most memorable, richly drawn heroine to date. Lara is America's Princess, the power behind the tallest building on earth, a self-made billionaire who towers over a traditionally male domain, an icon of glamour and accomplishment to men and women everywhere. Beautiful but insecure, ruthless yet vulnerable, Lara has struggled brutally to achieve it all -- yet still wants more. And in a dazzling global setting from London to New York, from Reno to Rome, she will find everything she has ever desired and won -- her fortune, her fame, the man she loves -- swiftly and shockingly imperiled.
 id : 995 ISBN : 0425166619  | name : Toxin  |  description : When his daughter, Becky, becomes ill from bacterial poisoning, Dr. Kim Reggis, a cardiac surgeon, is determined to track down the cause, no matter what the cost
 id : 997 ISBN : 0765341972  | name : The Mothman Prophecies  |  description : A journalist recounts his investigation of a bizarre winged apparition, mysterious lights in the sky, mutilation deaths of domestic animals, and other eerie and unexplained events in Point Pleasant, West Virginia.
 id : 998 ISBN : 0590514776  | name : Meet the Stars of Buffy the Vampire Slayer  |  description : Discusses the hit television show and the actors and actresses who portray the main characters.
