 id : 234000 ISBN : 0373761252  | name : Her Torrid Temporary Marriage  |  description : Her Torrid Temporary Marriage by Sara Orwig released on Dec 25, 1997 is available now for purchase.
 id : 234001 ISBN : 0688100872  | name : Memories of Midnight  |  description : A beautiful American widow flees to a remote convent in Greece after an attempt on her life and becomes involved with a ruthless tycoon
 id : 234004 ISBN : 0876055528  | name : The Koehler Method of Guard Dog Training  |  description : Offers guidance in selecting and training dogs for personal protection, plant security, and police work
 id : 234006 ISBN : 3446201262  | name : Schluss mit cool  |  description : Brilliant, witzig, böse behandelt Boyle in seinen neusten Geschichten auf seine gewohnt sarkastische Weise Alltagsschicksale und merkwürdige Angewohnheiten amerikanischer Bürger. Er erzählt von super-coolen Vätern, tatkräftigen Greisinnen, schrillen Athletinnen und einsamen Männern.
 id : 234007 ISBN : 0684192640  | name : Friends in High Places  |  description : "A Rita Noonan mystery." Rita, partner in a private investigation agency, finds herself drawn into the seedy, drug-infested neighborhoods of Manhattan's Lower East Side to solve a murder.
 id : 234008 ISBN : 1865084530  | name : Finding Grace  |  description : Told by sassy 18-year-old Rachel, this is a suspenseful, compassionate, yet laugh-out-loud funny story about looking after a woman with brain damage - and about tasting love, finding grace and getting a life.
 id : 234009 ISBN : 8408029487  | name : Las afueras de Dios  |  description : Clara Ribalta, durante veinticinco años, es la hermana Nazaret dentro de un asilo de ancianos en Córdoba. Después, un deslumbrador descubrimiento de su intimidad la transformará de nuevo en Clara Ribalta. Las afueras de Dios trata del itinerario físico y espiritual de esa mujer, que vive y ama hasta la muerte y más allá. El amor es el alimento único de su cuerpo y de su alma, ya que ambos son inseparablemente ella. El amor en muchas de sus manifestaciones: el divino, con su noche oscura, y también el humano; el que asciende a las cumbres más altas y el que se entrega con la entrega del cuerpo; el amor franciscano a todas las criaturas y, sobre los demás, el amor a los ancianos, que configura su vida entera. Su experiencia, en el convento y fuera de él, le ha permitido comprender que es imposible amar a los hombres en Dios: hay que amar a Dios en los hombres; que los otros no son el infierno: los otros son precisamente Dios. Y le ha permitido llegar a la conclusión de que la ciencia añade años a la vida humana, pero no añade vida a tales años, y ésa es la empresa en la que todos, por nuestro propio interés, hemos de participar. Y le ha permitido intuir que nuestro universo no fue creado de una vez para siempre; que ha de recrearse sin cesar por el hombre, habitante de las afueras de Dios pero su delegado y su continuador: la promesa «Seréis como Dioses» del Tentador en el Paraíso no fue una vana falacia. La primera parte de esta historia la relata el capellán del asilo cordobés. La segunda, pasados casi treinta años, un voluntario que trabaja en la residencia donde Clara es ya una anciana muy poco común. Situada en esas afueras, se mueve Clara a los impulsos de su corazón. Hasta que, al fin, le es dado conocer y saborear una aproximación indecible a lo que constituye el verdadero centro de su mundo, a su última e inefable razón de ser.
 id : 234010 ISBN : 0060928697  | name : A Simple Habana Melody  |  description : It is 1947, and Israel Levis, a Cuban composer whose life had once been a dream of music, love, and sadness, returns to Cuba after being mistakenly imprisoned during the Nazi occupation of France. When Levis arrives back in Habana, his mind returns to an unrequited romance with the alluring Rita Valladares, a singer for whom Levis had written his most famous song, "Rosas Puras." This 1928 composition became the most famous rumba in the world and changed American and European tastes in music and dance forever. A love story -- of art, family, and country -- A Simple Habana Melody is a virtuoso performance from one of our most important writers.
 id : 234011 ISBN : 0590206400  | name : Shiloh Season  |  description : When mean and angry Judd, who has never known kindness, takes to drinking and mistreats his dogs, Marty discovers how deep a hurt can go and how long it takes to heal.
 id : 234012 ISBN : 0671605224  | name : Feed Your Kids Bright  |  description : Raise your child's I.Q. to its inherent potential and dramatically improve school performance. Here's the revolutionary eating plan that shows you how. Delight your kids with more than 80 "bright" recipes.
 id : 234013 ISBN : 0876052693  | name : The Complete Rottweiler  |  description : The Rottweiler's earliest recorded job was herding cattle and sheep for the Roman Army, and in the years since he has served as a carting dog, guide for the blind, police dog, guard dog, retriever, tracker, and as a cherished companion.
 id : 234014 ISBN : 0671454617  | name : In the Frame  |  description : Charles Todd is an English artist, well-known for his renderings of sleek and athletic horses. But what he sees at his brother's he cannot capture on canvas. His sister-in-law has been murdered, and his brother is the prime suspect. Todd sudenly finds himself in a dangerous manhunt as he searches for an elusive killer who paints his own picture of mayhem....
 id : 234015 ISBN : 0525248358  | name : People in Trouble  |  description : This political fantasy about what happens to love and anger when they are transformed by activism includes a varied cast of gay and lesbian characters in the age of AIDS, all of whose lives are altered by the appearance of Justice, an underground organization of gay guerrilla activists determined to save their own lives.
 id : 234016 ISBN : 0671530267  | name : Rat Race  |  description : Matt Shore is a substitute pilot assigned to fly four racing buffs to the track. They're nervous, but Matt's not. That is, until he manages an emergency landing minutes before the plane explodes. Matt doesn't think anything else can possibly go wrong. Then he finds himself caught up in a rat race of danger that puts him on the wrong side of the odds....
 id : 234017 ISBN : 0889626154  | name : The Hero of the Slocum Disaster  |  description : The story of the "General Slocum", a ship which caught ablaze in 1904 with the loss of 1100 women and children. The captain was brought to trial and later pardoned, but questions remained: why did the "Slocum" fire hose burst when it was switched on; and why did the life jackets contain iron bars?
 id : 234018 ISBN : 0805039759  | name : Music to My Ears  |  description : A collection of essays taken from the "Music to My Ears" column of Billboard magazine champions the work of such performers as Alanis Morissette, Liz Phair, Joan Osbourne, PJ Harvey, Jack Logan, and Rage Against The Machine.
 id : 234019 ISBN : 0195107918  | name : Enchanted Evenings  |  description : Focusing on Broadway musicals from the 1930s to the late 1950s, Block (music, U. of Puget Sound) offers in-depth studies of 14 musicals. He draws on such manuscript materials as musical sketches, autograph manuscripts, prepreoduction librettos, and lyric drafts to show how the musical took shape, and in particular, the ways in which librettist, lyricist, composer, and director worked together to shape the music. Appendices include lists of the songs in the musicals and lists of long-running musicals. Annotation copyrighted by Book News, Inc., Portland, OR
 id : 234020 ISBN : 1568810970  | name : Mobile Robots  |  description : Revised and updated, the second edition includes several new chapters with projects and applications. The authors keep pace with the ever-growing and rapidly expanding field of robotics. The new edition reflects technological developments and includes programs and activities for robot enthusiasts. Using photographs, illustrations, and informative text, Mobile Robots guides the reader through the step-by-step process of constructing two different and inexpensive yet fully functional robots.
 id : 234021 ISBN : 1893115844  | name : Extreme MINDSTORMS  |  description : Five experts in Mindstorm programming present advanced techniques for building and programming robots using LEGO bricks and LEGO's RCX Code, presenting advanced sample projects and coverage of LegOS, pfForth, and sensor development.
 id : 234022 ISBN : 0452270324  | name : A Member of the Family  |  description : And in turn, effectively reveal to us much about our own. A deeply emotional and beautifully conceived collection, A Member of the Family raises simple truths about our families to the universal truth of art.
 id : 234023 ISBN : 1893115097  | name : Dave Baum's Definitive Guide to Lego Mindstorms  |  description : Step-by-step instructions show how to build a Lego Mindstorm programmable robot that not only moves, but can also sense and respond to its environment.
 id : 234025 ISBN : 019866253X  | name : Oxford Reader's Companion to Dickens  |  description : The Oxford Companion to Dickens (published in hardback as The Oxford Reader's Companion to Dickens) offers in one volume a lively and authoritative compendium of information about Dickens: his life, his works, his reputation and his cultural context. In addition to entries on his works, his characters, his friends and places mentioned in his works, it includes extensive information about the age in which he lived and worked: the people, events, and institutions which provided the contextfor his work; the houses he lived in, the countries he visited, the ideas he satirised, the circumstances he responded to, the culture he participated in. Compiled by a distinguished editorial team, The Oxford Companion to Dickens provides a synthesis of the state of the art of Dickens studies and contains a more authoritative, concise, extensive and accessible range of information than any other reference work on Dickens.
 id : 234026 ISBN : 0435080164  | name : Decolonising the Mind  |  description : A summary of some of the issues in which Ngugi has been passionately involved.
 id : 234027 ISBN : 0028604342  | name : Dinosaur!  |  description : Written by world-renowned expert David Norman, this volume takes readers on a grand tour of the Mesozoic era--the age of the Hadrosaurs, the Apatosaurs, Stegosaurs, and the fearsome Tyrannosaurus Rex. With evocative text and full-color illustrations, it brings the latest theories of how dinosaurs lived and what might have led to their cataclysmic extinction.
 id : 234028 ISBN : 1567512267  | name : Tinderbox  |  description : An accessible primer on the US and the Middle East.
 id : 234029 ISBN : 0807031429  | name : In Schools We Trust  |  description : We are in an era of radical distrust of public education. Increasingly, we turn to standardized tests and standardized curricula-now adopted by all fifty states-as our national surrogates for trust. Legendary school founder and reformer Deborah Meier believes fiercely that schools have to win our faith by showing they can do their job. But she argues just as fiercely that standardized testing is precisely the wrong way to that end. The tests themselves, she argues, cannot give the results they claim. And in the meantime, they undermine the kind of education we actually want. In this multilayered exploration of trust and schools, Meier critiques the ideology of testing and puts forward a different vision, forged in the success stories of small public schools she and her colleagues have created in Boston and New York. These nationally acclaimed schools are built, famously, around trusting teachers-and students and parents-to use their own judgment. Meier traces the enormous educational value of trust; the crucial and complicated trust between parents and teachers; how teachers need to become better judges of each others' work; how race and class complicate trust at all levels; and how we can begin to 'scale up' from the kinds of successes she has created.
 id : 234032 ISBN : 0446605107  | name : Leonard Nimoy's Primortals  |  description : Aliens Reclaim the Earth! Long before man dominated the planet, Earth was visited by a scientifically advanced species. Armed with the knowledge that an impending ecological cataclysm would destroy all indigenous life, these "visitors" removed the most promising specimens to save them from destruction. On new worlds, they evolved into the most advanced and deadly beings in the universe. Now, many millennia later, these creatures are coming home for an "alien" reunion, and to reclaim what was rightfully theirs -- planet Earth. "A cosmic SF concept". -- Science Fiction Age "Exciting... recommended". -- Library Journal "Perry draws main characters who are well-developed. He throws a liberal amount of romance into the plot, altogether forming a solid base for possible future novels. Interesting, enjoyable, and recommended for most collections". -- John O. Christensen, VOYA
 id : 234033 ISBN : 0935028870  | name : Sustainable Agriculture and Resistance  |  description : "This is a story of resistance against all odds, of Cuba's remarkable recovery from a food crisis brought on by the collapse of trade relations with the former socialist bloc and the tightening of the U.S. embargo. Unable to import either food or the farm chemicals and machines needed to grow it via conventional agriculture, Cuba turned inward toward self-reliance. Sustainable agriculture, organic farming, urban gardens, smaller farms, animal traction and biological pest control are part of the successful paradigm shift underway in the Cuban countryside. In this book Cuban authors offer details-for the first time in English-of these remarkable achievements, which may serve as guideposts toward healthier, more environmentally friendly and self-reliant farming in countries both North and South."--Publisher's description
 id : 234034 ISBN : 089608521X  | name : Triumph of the Market  |  description : **** The third edition (1990) is cited in Brandon-Hill. A text that focuses on the decision-making process which precedes and governs the selection of treatment of various pediatric orthopedic conditions. Each author provides the basic science that relates to the condition under discussion and the scientific basis for treatment decisions. This revised and updated edition is also completely reorganized, adding a second editor and 16 new authors. New chapters deal with orthopedic genetics, history taking and examination of the pediatric patient, syndromes and localized disorders affecting bone, neuromuscular disorders, and fracture treatment, a major portion of pediatric orthopedic practice. Thoroughly illustrated in bandw. Annotation copyright by Book News, Inc., Portland, OR
 id : 234035 ISBN : 088295055X  | name : The Communist Manifesto  |  description : Edited by Samuel H. Beer, with key selections from Capital and The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte, this volume features an especially helpful introduction that serves as a guide to Marxist political and economic theory and to placing the specific writings in their contemporary setting. Included are a bibliography and list of important dates in the life of Karl Marx.
 id : 234036 ISBN : 0553492217  | name : Breaking Away  |  description : Jessica Wakefield will do anything to keep her twin sister from leaving SVU--including impersonating her.
 id : 234037 ISBN : 1560254424  | name : Pity the Nation  |  description : Fully updated to include the Israeli withdrawal from south Lebanon and Ariel Sharon's electoral victory, this American edition has sixty pages of new material and a revised preface."--BOOK JACKET.
 id : 234038 ISBN : 0786881410  | name : Four Rooms  |  description : Press kit includes 1 pamphlet and 9 photographs.
 id : 234039 ISBN : 0761919244  | name : News for a Change  |  description : If you think it's time for a change, then News for a Change is the book for you."--BOOK JACKET.
 id : 234040 ISBN : 1556113331  | name : The Wrong Gun  |  description : After Russ Timberlaine, a wealthy gun collector, tells Steve Winslow that one of his pistols is missing, a body is found in Timberlaine's mansion, apparently killed by the stolen firearm. By the author of The Naked Typist.
 id : 234043 ISBN : 0060650133  | name : What God Wants to Know  |  description : Now in paperback: Insights from the popular copastor of the Crystal Cathedral who explores the forgotten side of prayer--listening--and shows how ten questions God asks throughout the Bible open the way to a new, more fulfilling relationship with God. Foreword by Robert Schuller. Index.
 id : 234044 ISBN : 1556343159  | name : GURPS Ultra-Tech  |  description : -- One of our most popular sourcebooks, usable with any futuristic game. -- Dozens of different sci-fi weapons, to let players reproduce anything Hollywood can come up with! -- Also includes sci-fi medicine, communications, and other gadgetry.
 id : 234045 ISBN : 1556342330  | name : GURPS Robots  |  description : A cold-eyed stare from the shadows of the alley ... the spine-tingling scrape, scrape as metallic feet drag along the concrete ... the squeak and whirr of hinges and hydraulics as the machine approaches. The robot is an intriguing yet sinister being -- created to serve, but in many ways superior to its weak and fallible human masters. We need the robots. Do they need us?
 id : 234048 ISBN : 0062509284  | name : The Crone  |  description : "A probing account of the honored place of older women in ancient matriarchal societies restores to contemporary women an energizing symbol of self-value, power, and respect."--Amazon.ca.
 id : 234049 ISBN : 1556342403  | name : GURPS Autoduel  |  description : -- Brings the best-selling Car Wars background to roleplaying. -- 32 pages longer than the first edition, completely updated.
 id : 234050 ISBN : 055313390X  | name : Runaways  |  description : A 1978 musical about the lives of runaway teens on city streets. Based on true stories from real runaways, and some in the cast had themselves been runaways. Performed first off-Broadway, and later on Broadway.
 id : 234052 ISBN : 1556343272  | name : GURPS Compendium II  |  description : -- Another best-selling rules supplement for the GURPS system. -- Convenient lie-flat binding, so this valuable reference book will last a long time. -- Includes the popular Mass Combat System for GURPS!
 id : 234053 ISBN : 155634290X  | name : GURPS Compendium I  |  description : -- The top-selling rules supplement for the GURPS system. GURPS Compendium I collects in one volume all the new rules that have been added to the GURPS character creation system since the GURPS Basic Set, 3rd Edition, was released in 1988. Compendium I contains hundreds of advantages, disadvantages, and skills, and other rules for character creation, all in one place!
 id : 234054 ISBN : 0911226214  | name : A Soprano on Her Head  |  description : Eloise Ristad deals here with complex problems which torment and cripple so many of our most creative and talented people, and she does so with compassion, wisdom, and wit. The problem of stage fright, for instance, is a suffering of epidemic proportions in our society, and involves modalities of thought and projections that rob spontaneity and enthusiasm in artistic performance. Those interested in creative education have long felt that an entirely new, holistic and nurturing process of allowing individuals to discover and express themselves is needed if our educational system is to avoid the neuroses and creative blocks of the past generation. This book illuminates through its conversational style the destructive inhibitions, fears, and guilt experienced by all of us as we fail to break through to creativity. This story is told to me day after day in conservatories and college campuses around the world. Indeed I felt at times that she was telling of my own most petty and debilitating fears. But what is important, A Soprano on Her Head supplies answers and methods for overcoming these universal psychological blocks--methods that have not only been proven in her own studio, but which trace back through history to the oldest and wisest systems of understanding the integration of mind and body. The work bears scrutiny both scientifically and holistically. - Foreword.
 id : 234055 ISBN : 1565846346  | name : Rich Media, Poor Democracy  |  description : The first paperback edition of a myth-breaking book on media, from one of today's most reputable and insightful media historian/critics. Winner of Harvard's Goldsmith Book Prize, Rich Media, Poor Democracy challenges the assumption that a society drenched in commercial information "choices" is a democratic one. Robert McChesney, whom Marc Crispin Miller calls "the greatest of our media historians," argues that the major beneficiaries of the so-called Information Age are wealthy investors, advertisers, and a handful of enormous media, computer, and telecommunications corporations. This concentrated corporate control, McChesney maintains, is disastrous for any notion of participatory democracy. Combining unprecedented detail on current events with historical sweep, in a book Noam Chomsky calls a "rich and penetrating study," McChesney chronicles the waves of media mergers and acquisitions in the late 1990s. He reviews the corrupt and secretive enactment of public policies surrounding the internet, digital television, and public broadcasting. He also addresses the gradual and ominous adaptation of the First Amendment as a means of shielding corporate media power and the wealthy, and he debunks the myth that the market compels media firms to "give the people what they want." In an eye-opening call to action, McChesney warns that we must organize politically to restructure the media if we want democracy to endure.
 id : 234057 ISBN : 0312873204  | name : I Am of Irelaunde  |  description : Years after escaping slavery in Ireland as a young man, Magonus Succatus Patricius returns to Ireland, determined to bring Christianity to the heathens, and finds himself joining forces with Osian, a great poetwarrior of the Fianna, who show "Paidrig" the true wonders of Eire. 20,000 first printing.
 id : 234059 ISBN : 067187280X  | name : Night Shadows  |  description : Jakes Sands retires from his danger-filled life after his family is murdered, but he discovers a body while jogging and begins an investigation, leading to more corpses and deadly confrontations. A first novel. 17,500 first printing.
 id : 234061 ISBN : 0262511053  | name : The Global Internet Trust Register  |  description : The development of electronic commerce and other applications on the Internet is held up by concerns about security. Cryptography - the science of codes and ciphers - will be a significant part of the solution, but one of the problems is enabling users to find out which cryptographic keys belong to whom.
 id : 234062 ISBN : 0060162058  | name : Murder, Mystery and Mayhem  |  description : Seeking adventure and romance, an elderly spinster becomes involved in a murder mystery at the Waddington Castle Hotel.
 id : 234063 ISBN : 1579120377  | name : Complete Gilbert & Sullivan  |  description : With over 200 line drawings by the author. This ultimate book for the millions of Gilbert & Sullivan fans across the country offers the complete text and lyrics of all the operettas of this most original, creative and much-loved musical team. Now both veteran and new fans can catch all the nuances of the quick moving wit, satire and wisdom often missed during performances and on recordings. This book covers all of this dynamic duo's plays including: Thespis, Trial by Jury, H.M.S. Pinafore, The Pirates of Penzance, The Sorcerer, Patience, Utopia, Limited, The Grand Duke, Iolanthe, Princess Ida, The Mikado, Ruddigore, The Yeomen of the Guard and The Gondoliers. Delightful illustrations by W. S. Gilbert adorn the pages, and an introduction by Deems Taylor brings new insight to the text.
 id : 234066 ISBN : 0201895420  | name : Analysis Patterns  |  description : Martin Fowler is a consultant specializing in object-oriented analysis and design. This book presents and discusses a number of object models derived from various problem domains. All patterns and models presented have been derived from the author's own consulting work and are based on real business cases.
 id : 234068 ISBN : 0136298419  | name : Object-oriented Modeling and Design  |  description : This text applies object-oriented techniques to the entire software development cycle.
 id : 234069 ISBN : 1559706546  | name : The Freemasons  |  description : Provides an in-depth history of freemasonry, exploring the inner workings of the powerful secret society, refuting many of the myths about the order, and shedding new light on the contributions of the freemasons to world history.
 id : 234070 ISBN : 0449147339  | name : Death by Misadventure  |  description : Spunky Phryne Fisher leaves her adopted London for 1920s Australia to investigate the desperate letters she has been receiving from well-bred Lydia, a young woman married to a low-down scoundrel
 id : 234071 ISBN : 0375409734  | name : The Runner  |  description : In the aftermath of World War II, an American lawyer sent to defend Nazi war criminals pursues his hidden agenda--find the SS officer who is responsible for his brother's death.
 id : 234072 ISBN : 0131238299  | name : Object-oriented Modeling and Design for Database Applications  |  description : Written from a software engineering perspective, this book shows programmers & developers how to build object-oriented database applications for distributed & client/server environments using the newest update of the OMT methodology & UML.
 id : 234073 ISBN : 0688047009  | name : First Stage  |  description : Profiles of new American Actors.
 id : 234074 ISBN : 0201309599  | name : Design Patterns and Contracts  |  description : "This book introduces the fundamentals of software contracts and illustrates how Design by Contract contributes to the optimal use of design patterns in a quality-oriented software engineering process. The Design by Contract approach to software construction provides a methodological guideline for building systems that are robust, modular, and simple." "Readers will find value in the book's overview of the Object Constraint Language, a precise modeling language that allows Design by Contract to be used with the industry standard Unified Modeling Language (UML). Although written in Eiffel, this book makes an excellent companion for developers who are using languages such as Java and UML. Throughout the book the authors discuss specific implementation issues and provide complete, ready-to-be-compiled examples of the use of each pattern." "They introduce design patterns and Design by Contract in the context of software engineering, and show how these tools are used to guide and document system design."--BOOK JACKET.Title Summary field provided by Blackwell North America, Inc. All Rights Reserved
 id : 234075 ISBN : 0130313033  | name : E Marketing  |  description : Written for undergraduate courses in Internet marketing, e-commerce, e-business, and digital and electronic marketing, this book discusses the necessary tools in the field of eMarketing.
 id : 234077 ISBN : 0738204331  | name : Standardized Minds  |  description : "Standardized Minds" dramatically shows how an unhealthy and enduring obsession with intelligence testing affects everyone. Drawing creative solutions from the headlines and front lines, Sacks demonstrates proven alternatives to such testing, and details a plan to make the American meritocracy legitimate and fair.
 id : 234078 ISBN : 159182169X  | name : Happy Mania Volume 1  |  description : Shigeta, a young woman of 24, spends her days working at Tanaka Books and fretting over her love-life, or lack thereof. The thing is though, the obstacle between Shigeta and a satisfying relationship seems to be Shigeta herself. When it comes to men, the poor girl has exceedingly poor judgement, most likely brought on by even poorer self-esteem.
 id : 234079 ISBN : 0800786092  | name : Pilgrim's Progress  |  description : The classic drama of Christian's journey to discover eternal life offers readers encouragement and direction for their own pilgrimage.
 id : 234080 ISBN : 0889740801  | name : Storm Clouds Over Party Shoes  |  description : "In-your-face anti-etiquette manual by a self-confessed 'recovering nice girl' ... an ironic blending of text and art, a nineties sensibility at work on a fifties agenda." -Globe and Mail
 id : 234081 ISBN : 0425136809  | name : The Liberated Man  |  description : An updated version of the classic guide to male liberation explores the impact of the men's movement and offers a critique of the women's movement. Reprint.
 id : 234082 ISBN : 0671691805  | name : The Water-Method Man  |  description : The main character of John Irving's second novel, written when the author was twenty-nine, is a perpetual graduate student with a birth defect in his urinary tract--and a man on the threshold of committing himself to a second marriage that bears remarkable resemblance to his first...."Three or four times as funny as most novels."THE NEW YORKER "From the Paperback edition."
 id : 234083 ISBN : 0553052934  | name : This Far from Paradise  |  description : When her father, Max McHenry, a prospector who struck it rich, is murdered, Rebecca takes control of his financial empire, loses the fortune due to a cold-blooded act of rebellion, and vows to rebuild her father's legacy
 id : 234085 ISBN : 0679311378  | name : Anti Diva  |  description : Throughout her career, Carole Pope has blazed a trail for the diva and anti-diva in all of us, and here she offers a no-holds-barred look at her adventures in the music scene – on the concert stage, in the recording studio, and in the bedroom. Known for ushering Canada from the punk movement of the 1970s to the new wave sound of the 1980s with Rough Trade, she candidly shares her thoughts on AIDS, sexuality and sexual politics, and the new breed of music divas that dominates the charts today.
 id : 234086 ISBN : 0139316191  | name : The Unofficial Guide to Walt Disney World & EPCOT  |  description : First-time visitors t Walt Disney World and EPCOT can be overwhelmed by the variety of attractions. But thanks to this easy-to-use guide, vacationers can make the most of their visit. Here is a wealth of valuable features including: in-depth descriptions of Disney-MGM studios. Disney World's newest attraction, and the Typhoon Lagoon and Norway at EPCOT; ratings and evaluations of rides, concessions and shows; tips and warnings for first-time visitors; and more.
 id : 234088 ISBN : 0844237639  | name : Esperanto  |  description : This comprehensive course will enable you to reach a good standard of fluency in the international language, Esperanto. This carefully structured course will help you to master the essentials of Esperanto quickly, and to achieve basic fluency in the written and spoken language now used by eight million Esperantists worldwide.
 id : 234089 ISBN : 0671879588  | name : Restraint  |  description : When she discovers she has been used in the thrilling worlds of forbidden sex and male power, Vega Johnson is determined to reverse gender roles and even the score
 id : 234090 ISBN : 0451166752  | name : 2001, a Space Odyssey  |  description : Science fiction-roman.
 id : 234091 ISBN : 0020122802  | name : The American Musical Theater  |  description : A noted composer and conductor reviews the origins, evolution, and contemporary elements of the popular American art form.
 id : 234093 ISBN : 1569248303  | name : Top Secret/MAJIC  |  description : Argues that the government set up a top secret research group, MJ-12, to study an extraterrestrial spacecraft that crashed near Roswell, New Mexico in 1947.
 id : 234094 ISBN : 0812511786  | name : Faithful Attraction  |  description : A guide to marital happiness discusses the importance of money, what kind of sex matters most, children, and the working mother, and shows readers what happy marriages have in common. Reprint. AB.
 id : 234095 ISBN : 156924863X  | name : Crash at Corona  |  description : On July 8, 1947, the U.S. Army stated that the remains of a "flying disk" had been recovered from a ranch near Corona, New Mexico. Now, this book exposes the government's successful 40-year conspiracy to conceal the truth behind Americ's most documented UFO encounter.
 id : 234098 ISBN : 0609606239  | name : Knight of the Sacred Lake  |  description : As High King and Queen, Arthur and Guenevere reign supreme across the many kingdoms and islands of Great Britain. Reconciled with Arthur, Guenevere secretly mourns the loss of her beloved Lancelot, who has returned to the Sacred Lake of his boyhood, hoping to restore his faith in chivalry in the place where he first learned to be a knight. In a glittering ceremony at the annual feast of Pentecost, new knights are sworn to the Round Table, including Arthur's nephews, the cunning Agravain and his heroic brother Gawain. Camelot is reborn in all its glory, and after many years of strife, peace is restored to Guenevere's realm. But betrayal, jealousy, and ancient blood feuds fester unseen. Morgan Le Fay, now the proud possessor of Arthur's only son, Mordred, has become the focus of Merlin's age-old quest to ensure the survival of the house of Pendragon at all costs. And from the east comes the shattering news that Guenevere may have a rival for Lancelot's love. A bleak shadow falls again across Camelot--and across the sacred isle of Avalon, where Roman priests threaten the sanctity of the Hallows and the life of the Lady herself. At the center of the storm is Guenevere, a proud and powerful queen torn between her love for her husband, her people, and her knight, Sir Lancelot of the Lake. With rare and intuitive magic, Rosalind Miles brings to life a legendary woman's bravery and passion, and all the pageantry, heartbreak, violence, and beauty of an age gone by.
 id : 234099 ISBN : 0440221056  | name : Murder for Love  |  description : A collection of 16 original stories from today's foremost fiction writers--including Ed McBain, Jonathan Kellerman, Sara Paretsky, Mary Higgins Clark, Elmore Leonard, James Crumley, John Gardner, Anne Perry, Donna Tartt, Shel Silverstein, Bobbie Ann Mason, Carol Higgins Clark, William J. Caunitz, Michael Malone, and Faye Kellerman--each a brilliant mystery exploring that peculiar area that lies between love and death.
 id : 234101 ISBN : 0385334575  | name : Go Tell it on the Mountain  |  description : As one of the century's premier American writers, James Baldwin has profoundly altered the nation's social and literary consciousness. Go Tell It on the Mountain, Baldwin's first novel, brings Harlem and the black experience vividly to life, as it starkly contrasts two generations of an embattled black family.
 id : 234103 ISBN : 1895837707  | name : St. Stephen's  |  description : A sequel to Guilty, this novel follows the protagonist, Jack, through a sexually charged situation at the Catholic High school where he lives.
 id : 234104 ISBN : 0140039996  | name : The Summer Before the Dark  |  description : With her children grown and her husband away in America for several months, Kate Brown finds herself alone for the first time in twenty years.
 id : 234106 ISBN : 0385494297  | name : Unzipped  |  description : The dark and dirty secrets of the mating and dating scene are exposed as Courtney Weaver hears all from her friends--and tells a few secrets of her own--in this true-life Bridget Jones meets Tales of the City. Sexuality in the '90s is a different animal: While men and women have been given the tools to communicate, they haven't been given the instructions. With audacious, witty, and sometimes scandalous writing, Courtney Weaver's Unzipped follows her life and those of her friends as they attempt to navigate the waters of intimate relationships without paddles. Weaver, whose column "Unzipped" was "Salon magazine's most popular feature, lends an indulgent ear to her friends as they wrestle with the lure of having sex with exes, predict bedroom prowess from kisses, and search for the most tactful way to reclaim favorite pieces of clothing left behind after messy breakups. Harriet is convinced that a concrete set of '50s-era rules is the only way to catch a mate, while Jemma turns to her own shocking set of rules in order to fulfill her desires. Meanwhile, Weaver's single-mom hairstylist Marie lends a sympathetic ear and an acerbic tongue when she too uncovers a sexual scandal in her own backyard. In the tradition of Tales of the City, but peopled with characters you might actually meet, Unzipped is a work of narrative nonfiction that explores all the complexities of sex in the '90s.
 id : 234109 ISBN : 0889782644  | name : The Little Book of Wrinkles  |  description : Getting older is not one of life's greatest pleasures. Or is it? Judge for yourself with The Little Book of Wrinkles, a charming and enlightening elixir on getting old(er). If you survive long enough you're revered-rather like an old building. - Lucille Ball
 id : 234110 ISBN : 0439372933  | name : Desiderata  |  description : The inspirational words of Ehrmann's timeless poem, written in 1927, are paired with Tauss's lyrical, full-color photos that illustrate the poem's wisdom and affirmation of life.
 id : 234116 ISBN : 1551520036  | name : The Little Black Leather Book of Rock 'n' Roll  |  description : Quotations on the mythology, sensation, and hype that is rock music. I won't be happy until I'm as famous as God. -Madonna
 id : 234125 ISBN : 0921912471  | name : The Gates of Paradise  |  description : An outstanding collection of the most imaginative and provocative short stories ever written on the power of sexual desire, by such celebrated names as James Baldwin, D.H. Lawrence, Doris Lessing, and others. Compelling from first page to last, the collection explores the intensity and astonishing variety of the erotic experience.
 id : 234128 ISBN : 0887846068  | name : Portrait of a Thousand Punks  |  description : Musiktegneserie baseret på et et fiktivt punk-band, Hard Core Logo's musikalske karriere.
 id : 234130 ISBN : 0471347795  | name : The Good, the Bad, and Your Business  |  description : Does the need to make a profit outweigh the need to reward employees fairly? Should you tell your staff why you fired someone and risk being sued for defamation? Is it more important to make payroll or pay your vendors? Business professionals face ethical decisions like these every day. Such dilemmas will keep even the most seasoned managers tossing and turning at night. You can rest assured that at some point in your career you'll be faced with making, or witness the making of, an ethical decision-and the action you take will not only define you, but also what your company stands for. The pressure to make the right choices is incredible; indecision or one small misstep can be the kiss of death in today's highly competitive, fast-moving economy. Productivity can drop off, employee morale can plummet, dissatisfied customers can flee, and your competitor may take a large bite out of your profits-while the dilemma remains unsolved. The Good, The Bad, and Your Business shows companies how to run more efficiently by improving their navigation of everyday moral business dilemmas. Respected writer and journalist Jeffrey Seglin reveals how otherwise decent people can make mistakes and find themselves in serious ethical trouble. His practical approach uses real-life examples to help you see the difference between a "gray area" and an outright misdeed so you can act faster when faced with such ethical decisions. Without being preachy or theoretical, The Good, The Bad, and Your Business looks at how others have faced moral dilemmas and gives you the tools to help you reach your own decisions. You'll see firsthand how businesspeople have grappled with difficult issues, from how to draw the line between lying and posturing, to whether it's ever ethical to spy on competitors, to how to align personal beliefs with business practices. You'll also discover the common misperceptions about ethics in business and learn how to define your "comfort" level so that you can conduct business knowing you've made thoughtful decisions with full knowledge of the possible consequences. The Good, The Bad, and Your Business: * Looks at how company owners and managers make difficult decisions as they try to keep cash flow strong enough to stay in business * Examines how to deal with employee issues, from how far to go to help a troubled employee to what policy-if any-to take on romantic relationships between coworkers * Reveals the motivations that lie behind how people decide where to "draw the line" on what they will and will not do * Focuses on how the decisions you make can affect the common good-the larger community in which you're doing business "Well-written and lucid, this book does not preach; it teaches the reader how to think intelligently about hard choices. Every executive who wants to build a successful business and wants to do so with integrity-should read this book."-Jim Collins, Coauthor, Built to Last "It's a rare business book that can truly change your life, and Jeff Seglin's latest is just that. You'll find no grandstanding or buzzwords, but rather a compelling blend of research and worldly experience, written by a master. He's the perfect travel guide for the examined life we all must lead to achieve meaningful success. Don't miss this one!"-Steven Leveen, Cofounder and President, Levenger "Finally a book about modern ethics and business that you don't have to get all dressed up to read! Writing with a sure touch, lively language, and a wonderful wit . . . Jeff Seglin has found a way to wake up his subject without once getting bogged down. He never lectures . . . he knows his stuff and he respects his readers' intelligence. This terrific book is the next best thing to talking to your smart, warm, and funny best friend about the toughest decisions you'll ever have to make. It's flat-out superb."-Nancy K. Austin, Coauthor, A Passion for Excellence
 id : 234131 ISBN : 0758207689  | name : Home to Italy  |  description : In this delightful, moving debut novel, Peter Pezzelli brings to life the earthy sensuality of Tuscany-- the smell of just-baked bread wafting through the village piazza; the shopkeepers sweeping the sidewalks under the warm, early morning sun; groups of cyclists dotting the mountain roads--and spins a story of May-December romance as sharp and delicious as the olives of Villa San Giuseppe. . . Sometimes You Have To Travel Far To Find Your Way Home. After the death of his beloved wife, Anna, Peppi's family and friends expect him to bury his grief by tending to his gardens and taking long rides on his bike. Instead, Peppi shocks them all with his decision to return to Villa San Giuseppe, the small Italian village where he spent his childhood, and to il mulino, his family's old mill. But once he's back, he temporarily moves into an apartment over the candy factory run by his childhood best friend, Luca. It is modest, but livable, with a lovely view of Luca's neglected gardens and his equally neglected daughter, the fiery Lucrezia. More a force of nature than a woman, Lucrezia's legendary temper and workaholic schedule hide the very real pain she feels over her husband's death years before. At first, she tolerates Peppi as an eccentric annoyance--her father's strange but handsome American friend who fixes things around the factory and is bringing the gardens back to life. But soon, Lucrezia's interest in Peppi deepens. Like a high wind, the gossip is flying through Villa San Giuseppe--Lucrezia's making it to dinner on time. She's eating olives from a man's hand. She's wearing heels. Now, under the warm Tuscan sun, a tentative romance begins to bloom between the grieving pair, yielding to a surprisingly strong passion with the power to heal life's wounds and promise second chances. . .
 id : 234132 ISBN : 0060989025  | name : The Water and the Blood  |  description : I turned and faced the road we'd come down, my face hard and set. The kids moved on without me. I could still see a slight glow and the murky, gray smoke reaching above the trees, where it spread to the south.... When I thought they were out of earshot, I took a deep breath. "You lied to me," I whispered toward the building, to all the people it represented, to the hours I'd spent on those hard, split-log seats, and to my childish epiphanies born there .... "You lied," I said. "These are my best friends now." Rare is the gift of a writer who is able to conjure up the voices of very different worlds, to give them heat and power and make them sing. Such is the talent of Nancy E. Turner. Her beloved first novel, These Is My Words, opened readers to the challenges of a woman's life in the nineteenth-century Southwest. Now this extraordinary writer shifts her gaze to a very different world -- East Texas in the years of the Second World War -- and to the life of a young woman named Philadelphia Summers, known against her will as Frosty. From the novel's harrowing opening scene, Frosty's eyes survey the landscape around her -- white rural America -- with the awestruck clarity of an innocent burned by sin. In her mother and sisters she sees fear and small-mindedness; in the eyes of local boys she sees racial hatred and hunger for war. When that war finally comes, it offers her a chance for escape -to California, and the caring arms of Gordon Benally a Native-American soldier. But when she returns to Texas she must face the rejection of a town still gripped by suspicion -- and confront the memory of the crime that has marked her soul since adolescence. Propelled by the quiet power of one woman's voice, The Water and the Blood is a moving and unforgettable portrait of an America of haunted women and dangerous fools -- an America at once long perished and with us still.
 id : 234133 ISBN : 0972690832  | name : Conscious Courage  |  description : Conscious Courage teaches the reader how to challenge everyday self-defeating thoughts and move through emotional discomfort (a natural part of growth and change). Easy-to-read book packed with Courage Suggestions fosters a new awareness of opportunities for Conscious Courage. This book offers practical steps for becoming more and more consciously courageous on a daily basis. The message is timeless.
 id : 234135 ISBN : 0446518506  | name : Raising Cain  |  description : Dedicated police officer Sergeant Joe Brown finds himself accused of murder when his father turns up dead on a deserted country road and the prime suspect in his death turns up dead himself, the victim of a homicide. By the author of Silent Son and State v. Justice.
 id : 234136 ISBN : 0800759133  | name : Mean Girls  |  description : Explains why girls are cruel and shows you how to deal with them.
 id : 234137 ISBN : 0609608428  | name : If I Live to be 100  |  description : If I Live to Be 100 is a remarkable book, beautifully written and elegantly wise, that takes us inside the world of the very old and invites us to learn from them firsthand the art of living well for an exceptionally long period of time. Neenah Ellis always wanted to live to 100, and her fascination led her to interview centenarians from all over the country about what life was like at the very beginning of the century, and how things have changed over time. Ellis, a producer for National Public Radio, spent an unforgettable year traveling with her tape recorder and listening to the stories of America's oldest men and women. She met a couple who courted by horse and sleigh in Vermont during the winter of 1918, and she spent a week with the oldest living black lesbian in America. She visited a nationally known expert on dyslexia who published a book at 96 and whose great-great-grandfather was a colonel in Washington's army; and she met Anna Wilmot, the row-boating centenarian from New England who captured the hearts of thousands of NPR listeners with her confession that she swims in the buff only "when it's foggy and there's no fisherman around." Originally conceived as an American history project, Ellis's year of interviews became much more, a personal journey of growth and transformation. After two decades of acting as the reporter and inquisitor, Ellis finally shifted gears and was able in the process of these conversations to start really listening. Once she had put away the exigencies of her cusp-of-the-millennium life--her deadlines, the intense focus on current events, the endless e-mail and ringing phones --she began to learn the kinds of things that we do from much olderpeople. She started to connect in her conversations with them, and to see the virtue of looking forward, as the centenarians did, not backward. They reminded her that the moment--this very moment that we're in right now--is precious and fine. And that the true richness of life is to be found in each other--in our marriages and friendships, in the intellectual life that we share with each other, and in the ways that we become connected. Their stories add up to a course in living well, with lessons and inspiration for all of us.
 id : 234138 ISBN : 0385482736  | name : Acts of Revision  |  description : Living a solitary life and scarred by a childhood trauma, Gregory Lynn discovers a box of his grade school reports and relives several painful experiences from his youth. 30,000 first printing. $30,000 ad/promo. Tour.
 id : 234139 ISBN : 0974658766  | name : Worst Enemies, Best Friends  |  description : Charlotte Ramsey is the new girl ... again. Back to the USA after Paris, Australia, and Africa, Charlotte is ready to make new friends and stay in one place. There is just one teeny problem ... after causing the biggest cafeteria blunder in the history of Abigail Adams Junior High School, Charlotte's assigned lunch partners--the very stylish Katani, irrepressible Avery, and super-friendly Maeve--can't wait to dump her. Can it get any worse? Absolutely! Nobody is talking and Katani wants out of the group. Now add in one mysterious landlady, a romantic evening gone awry, an old key to nowhere, and certain classmates who have nothing better to do than gossip. What a mess! Can the girls become true friends or will they remain worst enemies for life?
 id : 234142 ISBN : 0553584529  | name : The Killing Hour  |  description : Rookie FBI agent Kimberly Quincy faces a race against time when she tackles a disturbing serial killer who routinely abducts two intended victims and leaves on the body of one clues to prevent the death of the other.
 id : 234143 ISBN : 0312156162  | name : Now That I'm Out, What Do I Do?  |  description : A prominent gay writer helps those who have recently come out of the closet re-examine some of the basic issues of human existence, such as sex, family, love, family, and community.
 id : 234144 ISBN : 039458192X  | name : The Half Man  |  description : Covering the civil war on an island nation off the coast of Asia, ambitious journalist Daniel Levin abandons his visting American fiancee to interview the leader of the guerilla movement and becomes an unwitting player in the political events
 id : 234145 ISBN : 0786700084  | name : Clearwater Summer  |  description : Fourteen-year-old Will confronts the adult realities of an idyllic small town in the Pacific Northwest as he and his pal Taylor Clark fall for a spirited tomboy from the wrong side of town. 30,000 first printing. $15,000 ad/promo.
 id : 234146 ISBN : 068970450X  | name : The Second Mrs. Giaconda  |  description : Relates, from the point of view of his servant Salai, how Leonardo da Vinci came to paint the Mona Lisa.
 id : 234147 ISBN : 1843607514  | name : Wonderland  |  description : After being cheated on yet again, full-figured Alice O'Brien resolves to enjoy men sexually, refusing to involve her heart. When she tumbles down a rabbit hole, she lands in a beautiful, erotic world, surrounded by gorgeous men who relish her voluptuous curves. Men who want to tie her up and play sex games-talk about a dream come true! Only King Jarronn deliberately lured Alice to his kingdom to be his mate. He has every intention of capturing her for himself and making her his Queen of Hearts.
 id : 234149 ISBN : 1586170341  | name : The Da Vinci Hoax  |  description : Discusses the misconceptions and historical errors of "The Da Vinci Code" while examining early Christian origins, Gnosticism, the role of Constantine in Christian history, and the novel's accusations against the Catholic Church.
 id : 234150 ISBN : 0870119818  | name : The Bomb  |  description : This novel takes place on a constantly changing canvas of time and place. It opens in a small Western town in the 1940's when an Indian tribe is evicted for a government project. Later scenes change to the Pacific war zone and Hiroshima; then many years later to a cancer ward and a stunning, apocalyptic finale.
 id : 234151 ISBN : 0312307330  | name : Whispers in the Dark  |  description : A fine rain was falling as Detective Marti MacAlister made her way through the tall grass to the wooded area where the arm had been found. It was cool for early September, and the rain, little more than a mist, felt cold. Marti stared at the hand. The fingers were curled in a beckoning gesture. Eleanor Taylor Bland's popular African-American heroine, homicide detective Marti MacAlister, and her partner are assigned a most unusual case-all that's left of the unfortunate murder victim is an arm. Their investigation leads them into the exclusive and secretive history of the artistic community in Lincoln Prairie, Illinois. Meanwhile, Marti's troubled best friend Sharon is slowly getting involved with a man who makes Sharon's friends and family uneasy. When he spirits her away to the Bahamas, then lures her daughter down after them, Marti has no choice but to go to the islands on a dramatic rescue mission. Another captivating tale of danger and obsession from Eleanor Taylor Bland, Whispers in the Dark will keep fans and new readers alike in gripping suspense.
 id : 234152 ISBN : 0140139591  | name : Age of Iron  |  description : Nobel Laureate and two-time Booker prize-winning author of Disgrace and The Life and Times of Michael K, J. M. Coetzee tells the remarkable story of a nation gripped in brutal apartheid in his Sunday Express Book of the Year award-winner Age of Iron. In Cape Town, South Africa, an elderly classics professor writes a letter to her distant daughter, recounting the strange and disturbing events of her dying days. She has been opposed to the lies and the brutality of apartheid all her life, but now she finds herself coming face to face with its true horrors: the hounding by the police of her servant's son, the burning of a nearby black township, the murder by security forces of a teenage activist who seeks refuge in her house. Through it all, her only companion, the only person to whom she can confess her mounting anger and despair, is a homeless man who one day appears on her doorstep. In Age of Iron, J. M. Coetzee brings his searing insight and masterful control of language to bear on one of the darkest episodes of our times. 'Quite simply a magnificent and unforgettable work' Daily Telegraph 'A superbly realized novel whose truth cuts to the bone' The New York Times 'A remarkable work by a brilliant writer' Wall Street Journal South African author J. M. Coetzee was awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature in 2003 and was the first author to win the Booker Prize twice for his novels Disgrace and The Life and Times of Michael K. His novel, Foe, an exquisite reinvention of the story of Robinson Crusoe is also available in Penguin paperback.
 id : 234153 ISBN : 038507042X  | name : Ceremony of the Innocent  |  description : Young and beautiful Ellen Porter learns to distrust the men who wish to shape her destiny in a small Pennsylvania town at the turn of the century
 id : 234154 ISBN : 1573222836  | name : The Twelve Little Cakes  |  description : The ... memoir of a girl growing up in 1970s Czechoslovakia ...
 id : 234156 ISBN : 0670033448  | name : The Inner Circle  |  description : A virginal man with a beautiful wife accepts a job as an assistant to Dr. Alfred Kinsey, a charming professor whose life's calling is sex.
 id : 234157 ISBN : 0920303986  | name : Midnight Visit at Molly's House  |  description : The moon, looking into Molly's house each night, wonders what it is like inside and visits while Molly is asleep, admiring all it sees until the time comes for the moon to return to its place agian in the sky.
 id : 234158 ISBN : 0380704854  | name : The Bodies in the Bessledorf Hotel  |  description : Dead bodies which appear and disappear mysteriously are threatening to lose Sam's father his job as manager of the Besseldorf Hotel. What can be done? How do you find a ghost?
 id : 234159 ISBN : 0743470095  | name : Little Earthquakes  |  description : First comes love. Then comes marriage. And then things start to get really interesting ... In Good in Bed, Cannie Shapiro conquered public heartbreak and shaky self-esteem. In In Her Shoes, Rose and Maggie Feller learned about family secrets and the ties that bind. Now, in Jennifer Weiner's richest, wittiest, most true-to-life novel yet, this highly acclaimed storyteller brings readers a tale of romance, friendship, forgiveness, and extreme sleep deprivation, as three very different women navigate one of life's most wonderful and perilous transitions: the journey of new motherhood. Rebecca Rothstein-Rabinowitz is a plump, sexy chef who has a wonderful husband, supportive friends, a restaurant that's received citywide acclaim, a beautiful baby girl ... and the mother-in-law from hell. Kelly Day's life looks picture-perfect. But behind the doors of her largely empty apartment, she's struggling to balance work and motherhood and marriage, while entering Oliver's every move (and movement) on a spreadsheet, and dealing with an unemployed husband who seems content to channel-surf for eight hours a day. And Ayinde Towne is already on shaky ground, trying to live her life to the letter of a how-to guide called Baby Success, when her basketball superstar husband breaks her trust at the most vulnerable moment in her life, putting their marriage in peril-and their new family even more in the public eye. Then there's Lia Frederick, a Philadelphia native who has just come home, leaving Los Angeles behind, along with her glamorous Hollywood career, her husband, and a tragic secret, to start her life all over again. With her trademark warmth and humor, Weiner tells the story of what happens after happily ever after ... and how an eight-pound bundle of joy can shake up every woman's sense of herself in the world around her. From prenatal yoga to postbirth sex, from sisters and husbands to mothers and mothers-in-law, Little Earthquakes is a frank, funny, fiercely perceptive Diaper Genie-eye view of the comedies and tragedies of love and marriage.
 id : 234160 ISBN : 0974587109  | name : Mystic Warrior  |  description : A contemporary thriller that takes place in a world where psychic abilities and spiritual powers are used (and abused) by both ordinary people and those at the highest levels of government and world leadership.
 id : 234162 ISBN : 1902881699  | name : Eminence  |  description : As the Pope lies dying in hospital, the Vatican authorities are wondering how they are going to present the news to the world. Should he be put on a life support machine or allowed to die in peacefully in his own quarters in the Vatican, and what will happen when his personal diaries are made public? From the author of THE RINGMASTER.
 id : 234163 ISBN : 0618441433  | name : Josie and Jack  |  description : Teenage siblings Josie and Jack are each other's whole world. Josie lives inside Jack's love and happily submits to his control, following him on his sociopathic path. When their father's erratic behavior finally drives them away, things get complicated, sinister, and interesting, in this contemporary Hansel and Gretel story.
 id : 234164 ISBN : 0849918111  | name : A Man of Faith  |  description : Gift Local 03-20-2006 $24.99.
 id : 234165 ISBN : 0805075984  | name : Outside Valentine  |  description : Haunted by the serial murders committed by Charles Starkweather and Caril Ann Fugate years earlier, Manhattan collector of antiquities Lowell finds the case further complicated by a self-appointed teen detective, while Caril Ann remembers the killing spree and her feelings of being out of control. A first novel. 75,000 first printing.
 id : 234166 ISBN : 158567043X  | name : Zombie OO  |  description : The story of 'Zombie', a strange and remarkable young man from Truckstown Pensylvania. His earliest chidlhood memory of visiting the 'Sacred Voodoo Chamber' in the nearby Scranton Art Museum leaves him in thrall and begins in him a lifelong process of zombification. Fear and worship become his guiding forces as he stumbles through life on a voyage that will take him to New York, then Haiti and back again, and into a ies of relationships in search of his true 'master.'
 id : 234167 ISBN : 0385513089  | name : Too Beautiful for You  |  description : A collection of stories chronicles the lives and fortunes of an array of misfit and miscreant characters whose sexual frustrations and deviant desires draw them to the edge of acceptable behavior.
 id : 234168 ISBN : 0812570421  | name : The Devil's Shadow  |  description : In The Devil's Shadow, Commander Larry Cole is confronted with the most beautiful and cunning criminal he's ever faced. Julianna Saint has a reputation for getting anything she wants. Her occupation, international thief. Her notoriety has spread from the underworld to the Chicago mob boss, Jake Romano, who has heard that no matter how tight the security, no matter what precautions are taken, Julianna can steal it. Jake wants her to pull off a nearly impossible heist of the North Michigan Avenue Bank. When the robbery goes awry, Julianna makes a daring escape, setting Larry Cole on her trail. He follows Julianna to a palatial estate in the Caribbean with the intent of bringing her down. But Julianna is prepared and will use everything she has, on her own terms, and on her own turf.
 id : 234171 ISBN : 0425198154  | name : Taking Liberties  |  description : From the author also known as Ariana Franklin-the thrilling sequel to A Catch of Consequence that "moves at a cracking pace."( London Times) Makepeace Hedley is frantic when she learns that her young daughter, sailing home to England from the rebelling American colonies, has been taken prisoner by the British. With her usual determination, Makepeace sets out for Plymouth to rescue her child. And when Countess Diana Stacpoole is asked by an American friend to help his son, also a British prisoner, Diana responds quickly and leaves her genteel past behind. In the chaos of wartime Plymouth the two women face social outrage, public scandal, and even arrest. Amidst docks and prisons, government bureaucracy and brothels, they forge an unlikely and unshakable friendship. And in freeing others, they discover their own splendid liberty.
 id : 234173 ISBN : 0789480069  | name : Do it Now!  |  description : Learn all you need to know about how to meet the demands of today's business world by making and implementing decisions quickly. Do It Now! shows you how to think and plan constructively and how to prioritize to achieve the best results. Power tips help you handle real-life situations so you can meet your targets with a minimum of stress. The Essential Manager have sold more than 1.9 million copies worldwide! Experienced and novice managers alike can benefit from these compact guides that slip easily into a briefcase or a portfolio. The topics are relevant to every work environment, from large corporations to small businesses. Concise treatments of dozens of business techniques, skills, methods, and problems are presented with hundreds of photos, charts, and diagrams. It is the most exciting and accessible approach to business and self-improvement available.
 id : 234175 ISBN : 1401352197  | name : Sammy's Hill  |  description : "The fact that I had managed to become a health-care analyst for a U.S. Senator at the age of twenty-six still surprised me, and I lived in fear that someone would realize how ridiculous it was to have given me this authority and fire me on the spot." Idealistic, dedicated to her job, and a bit of a hypochondriac, Samantha Joyce has a very busy life. Working a seventy-hour week and mastering the details of the latest health-care reform bill, while making time to celebrate obscure but significant holidays such as the twenty-ninth anniversary of The Partridge Family series finale, leaves little time for romance. But then she meets Aaron Driver, the handsome speechwriter for a rival senator. Sammy falls for him hard, despite the fact that his ambitious boss is the emblem of everything she hates about congressional hardball. When you work on Capitol Hill, even dating becomes a political act. Try as she might, Sammy isn't the sort of person who can keep from speaking her mind, no matter how much trouble it causes. Whether she's trying to thwart a filibuster, detox a constituent, or recover from mistakenly emailing a racy message to over two hundred of Capitol Hill's political elite, Sammy stays true to herself, foibles and all. And before she knows it, she finds herself at the heart of a romantic tangle, a major showdown over health care reform, and the highest-stakes contest of alla presidential election campaign. Kristin Gore is a keen observer of politics with a sharp ear for comedy, and her first novel is a triumpha captivating, hilarious page-turner with a loveable heroine who will charm readers on both sides of the aisle.
 id : 234176 ISBN : 0812577787  | name : Time of the Assassins  |  description : Hugh Holton, the highest-ranking active police officer writing books today, is well-known for powerful, passion-charged novels. Reviewers compare his books to hurricanes and firestorms, descriptions that are especially apt in the case of Time of the Assassins. The most controversial story in today's inner cities is the CIA's apparent funding of counterinsurgent druglords in Latin America, who, instead of fighting revolutionaries, have used that funding to wholesale crack cocaine in this country's ghettos. In this exciting new novel, Commander Larry Cole battles these Agency-funded druglords. Their "personal representative" is Baron von Rianocek, a hitman. A well-paid professional, known as a world-class "problem solver," he has successfully eliminated both high-profile British industrialists and South American dictators. The CIA, the FBI, and Interpol, all suspect him of being behind various incidents, but they have never been able to pin anything on the slippery millionaire, who claims to be descended from European royalty. Police detective Larry Cole has unwittingly crossed paths several times with the notorious assassin. Appearing at the wrong place at the wrong time, he had twice foiled the assassin's work. Now the well-heeled assassin has a new target. He has set his telescopic sights on the CPD chief of detectives-Cole himself.
 id : 234177 ISBN : 0679737154  | name : Pig Earth  |  description : With this haunting first volume in his Into Their Labours trilogy, John Berger begins his chronicle of the eclipse of peasant cultures in the twentieth century. Set in a small village in the French Alps, Pig Earth relates the stories of skeptical, hard-working men and fiercely independent women; of calves born and pigs slaughtered; of summer haymaking and long dark winters of rest; of the message of forgiveness from a dead father to his prodigal son; and of the marvelous Lucie Cabrol, exiled to a hut high in the mountains, an inexorable part of the lives of men who have known her. Above all, this masterpiece of sensuous description and profound moral resonance is an act of reckoning that conveys the precise wealth and weight of a world we are losing.
 id : 234178 ISBN : 0373825544  | name : Daddy Next Door  |  description : Daddy Next Door by Ginger Chambers released on Dec 25, 1996 is available now for purchase.
 id : 234179 ISBN : 0373825501  | name : The Reluctant Daddy  |  description : The Reluctant Daddy by Helen Conrad released on Aug 23, 1996 is available now for purchase.
 id : 234180 ISBN : 0373825587  | name : Puppy Love  |  description : Puppy Love by Ginger Chambers released on Apr 24, 1997 is available now for purchase.
 id : 234181 ISBN : 037543058X  | name : Omerta  |  description : Don Raymonde Aprile is an old man, wily enough to retire gracefully from organized crime after a lifetime of ruthless conquest. His three children have grown up to become respectable members of the establishment. To protect them from harm, and to keep an eye on his group of international banks, Don Aprile has adopted a "nephew" from Sicily, Astorre Viola, whose previous legal guardian made the unfortunate decision of committing suicide in the trunk of a car. Don Aprile's retirement is viewed with suspicion by Kurt Clike, the FBI's special agent in charge of investigating the Mafia. Clike has achieved remarkable success in breaking down the bonds among families, cultivating high-ranking sources, who, in return for federal protection, have violated omerta-Italian for "code of silence." As Clike and the FBI mount their campaign to wipe out the Mafia once and for all, Astorre Viola nd the Apriles find themselves in the midst of one last war, a conflict in which it is hard to distinguish who is on the right side of the law, and whether mercy or vengeance is the best course of action. Rich with suspense, dark humor, and larger-than-life characters who have turned Mario Puzo's novels into modern myths, OMERTA is a powerful epitaph for the Mafia at the century's end and a final triumph for a great American storyteller.
 id : 234182 ISBN : 013400888X  | name : How the Options Markets Work  |  description : Guides to the ins-and-outs of options and the options markets. Introduces the basics and the aspects of options trading.
 id : 234183 ISBN : 0670840971  | name : Looking at the Moon  |  description : Sequel to: @The Sky Is Falling . It's 1943, three years after British evacuees Norah and her brother Gavin arrived in Toronto to be "adopted" by Mrs. Ogilvie for the duration of the war.
 id : 234184 ISBN : 0880117028  | name : Power Eating  |  description : This complete guide to developing a diet that can maximize a man or woman's efforts to increase strength contains the latest information on supplements, steroid alternatives, and eating plans for the dedicated strength trainer. Low-fat recipes are featured, along with the author's special muscle building drink formula. 25 photos.
 id : 234186 ISBN : 0679432485  | name : A World Transformed  |  description : In collaboration with his National Security Adviser, George Bush offers a fascinating insider's view of what happened during the tumultuous years of his presidency. of photos.
 id : 234187 ISBN : 1576735788  | name : The Prism Weight Loss Program  |  description : The program that transforms the whole person physically, emotionally, and spiritually.
 id : 234188 ISBN : 0071416234  | name : The Weight-Loss Diaries  |  description : From "Shape" magazine's popular, young "Weight-Loss Diary" columnist comes a hilarious, sometimes heart wrenching look at the daily struggle of dieting.
 id : 234190 ISBN : 0312857268  | name : Angry Moon  |  description : A burned-out hitman with an impeccable reputation is hired to execute one last job--to hunt down and kill his mentor, a man named Fredrickson, who proves strangely immune to explosives, high-caliber rifles, and other deadly implements.
 id : 234192 ISBN : 0446514810  | name : Fighting for Peace  |  description : Sure to make major headlines, this is a hard-hitting inside look at the internal power plays surrounding military policy-making in the '80s, by President Reagan's Secretary of Defense. 16-page photo insert.
 id : 234193 ISBN : 156924782X  | name : The UFO Experience  |  description : Cited by the New York Review of Books as "the best brief for visitation," this classic study presents an analysis of UFO reports and concludes that many sightings cannot be easily dismissed.
 id : 234194 ISBN : 0974414905  | name : Mirrored Lives  |  description : A first-hand account from one charismatic man's two ex-wives, who triumph over their betrayals and learn and gain strength from one another.
 id : 234195 ISBN : 0671791834  | name : The Man who Would be President  |  description : Biography of Vice President Dan Quayle drawn from 200 interviews including 20 with Dan Quayle himself and 4 with his wife.
 id : 234197 ISBN : 0806995297  | name : The Little Giant Encyclopedia of the Zodiac  |  description : Anyone who is fascinated with astrology--Chinese or Western--will find this complete, straightforward resource a must-have. Whether used for entertainment or as a tool for living harmoniously with one's natural character, this giant astrology reference is certain to provide hours of fun. Two-color interior.
 id : 234198 ISBN : 0971663327  | name : The Quest for Asdin  |  description : Forced to flee from his homeland, Sindle begins an adventure filled with peil, marvelous discovery and the prospect of true love.
 id : 234199 ISBN : 0684189291  | name : Speaking Out  |  description : An account of the major events of the first six years of the Reagan administration.
 id : 234201 ISBN : 0394530314  | name : Shakespeare's Dog  |  description : A tour de force of inventive wit Shakespeare's Dog is the eccentric and high-spirited story of William Shakespeare and how he came to bed and wed Anne Hathaway. Told from the point of view of the Bard's dog, this astonishing novel of comic bliss, hailed as a triumph of language and an amusing delight.
 id : 234202 ISBN : 0883963965  | name : There is Greatness Within You, My Son  |  description : This book is a treasured gift of love and a heartfelt expression of the pride, support, and hope every parent feels for their son.
 id : 234204 ISBN : 0760310904  | name : Cannonball!  |  description : - Written By Brock Yates, featured columnist for Car and Driver magazine- Inside information and personal reminiscences from Cannonball creator/participant Brock Yates and participant and legendary race driver Dan Gurney
 id : 234205 ISBN : 082175002X  | name : The Conquered Heart  |  description : Marrying against her will after her father is dethroned, Eve MacMurrough, the former princess of Leinster, vows to never surrender her heart to Norman baron Richard de Clare, a man who must help reclaim the MacMurrough realm. Original.
 id : 234206 ISBN : 0134023390  | name : How to Be Twice as Smart  |  description : The super-performers of this world got where they are today not because they are any smarter than others, but because they know how to multiply their brainpower. Now readers can learn their secrets.
 id : 234207 ISBN : 0394850599  | name : My Mother Got Married and Other Disasters  |  description : In this sequel to Don't Make Me Smile, Charlie Hickle's life has become a three-ring circus. Why did his mom have to get remarried anyway? He wants things back the way they used to be—right now!
 id : 234208 ISBN : 1569470146  | name : Adrian Mole, the Lost Years  |  description : The latest diaries of this set-upon yet ambitious closet genius are hilariously hedonistic and marvelously moving. They are filled with the kind of soulful, scathing and sly musings all of us indulge in but would never divulge. The most disarming pangs and prevarications are laid bare for our amusement. Adrian Mole - misunderstood, maligned, and muddled - is a nerdy hoot. And oddly captivating.
 id : 234209 ISBN : 055321182X  | name : Faust  |  description : Goethe's classic, enlivened by Randall Jarrell's fine translation and Peter Sis's dark, dreamy illustrations Randall Jarrell's translation of "Faust "is one of his most important achievements. In 1957 he inscribed Goethe's motto on the first page of his notebook--"Ohne Hast aber ohne Rast" ("Without haste but without rest")--and from then until his death in 1965 he worked on the masterpiece of his "own favorite daemon, dear good great Goethe." His intent was to make the German poetry free, unrhymed poetry in English. He all but finished the job before he died, and the few lines that remained untouched--"Gretchen's Room"--were rendered into English by Robert Lowell. This elegant new edition features numerous beautiful line drawings and jacket lettering by the renowned Czech artist Peter Sis, author of the award-winning books "Starry Messenger: Galileo Galilei" and "Tibet: Through the Red Box."
 id : 234210 ISBN : 019280149X  | name : Far from the Madding Crowd  |  description : Far from the Madding Crowd is perhaps the most pastoral of Hardy's Wessex novels. It tells the story of the young farmer Gabriel Oak and his love for and pursuit of the elusive Bathsheba Everdene, whose wayward nature leads her to both tragedy and true love. It tells of the dashing Sergeant Troy whose rakish philosophy of life was '...the past was yesterday; never, the day after'. And lastly, of the introverted and reclusive gentleman farmer, Mr Boldwood, whose love fills him with '...a fearful sense of exposure', when he first sets eyes on Bathsheba.
 id : 234211 ISBN : 1592862616  | name : Finder's Keepers  |  description : When Larry Nash picks up a lost wallet in the mall parking lot, he has no idea it will change his life forever. The wallet contains a thousand dollars and 10 intricately painted pewter figures. Once he takes the wallet he unleashes a dark curse that will transport him to another world of tarot cards, with wizards, demons, and warriors. Here he becomes responsible for the lives of the ten people represented by the tiny figures. When Larry learns that the figures also represent people in his own time -- one of whom he has fallen in love with -- the stakes rise to a new level.
 id : 234213 ISBN : 0142400297  | name : The Green Man  |  description : A collection of stories and poems by a variety of authors relating to the Green Man and other myths of the forest.
 id : 234215 ISBN : 0140131175  | name : The History of Tom Jones  |  description : A foundling of mysterious parentage brought up by Mr. Allworthy on his country estate, Tom Jones is deeply in love with the seemingly unattainable Sophia Western, the beautiful daughter of the neighboring squire -- though he sometimes succumbs to the charms of the local girls. When Tom is banished to make his own fortune and Sophia follows him to London to escape an arranged marriage, the adventure begins. A vivid Hogarthian panorama of eighteenth-century life, spiced with danger and intrigue, bawdy exuberance and good-natured authorial interjections, "Tom Jones" is one of the greatest and most ambitious comic novels in English literature.
 id : 234216 ISBN : 0345373669  | name : Diet for a Small Planet  |  description : Encourages making changes in dietary patterns by explaining the ways in which plant protein compares favorably with meats and providing numerous recipes for inexpensive, meatless meals.
 id : 234217 ISBN : 0764503723  | name : Visual C++ 6 For Dummies  |  description : Learn C++ the fun and easy way! Three good reasons to learn C++: It’s available for DOS, Windows, OS/2, Mac OS, and nearly every other operating system out there, making it one of the most portable languages around. C++ is very powerful. It’s used to create products such as Excel and Access, and it’s used in MIS departments and consultants to create mission critical applications for business and government. And, it’s one of the most popular languages in the world. But, before you master C++, you need to get a handle on Visual C++, a set of powerful development tools for writing C++ programs. Visual C++ 6 For Dummies is your complete guide to the Visual C++ environment and C++ programming. It gets you up and running with the code, confidence and cunning you need to start programming powerful utilities, cool games, or multimedia masterpieces. In no time you’ll: • Master the Visual C++ development environment, libraries, wizards, editors, compilers, and debugger • Develop reliable code using object-oriented programming • Unravel the mysteries of variables, statements, and pointers • Add class and inheritance to your programs • Use streams and exception handling • Manage complex projects using the visual project show • Debug programs and correct syntax errors Visual C++ 6 For Dummies covers all the bases of with clear, accessible instructions, sample programs and lots of source code. Ideal for complete newcomers to C++ and experienced C++ programmers alike, it’s divided in three sections: • A quick-guide to Visual C++—covers the main features of the programming environment, tools, and utilities • A practical overview of C++ programming fundamentals—walks you through the development of several C++ programs • A practical introduction to object-oriented programming—a great primer for beginners and experienced C++ programmers And as if all that weren’t enough, you also get online access to download all of the code files from the book. Visual C++ 6 For Dummies gives you everything you need to master Visual C++ and harness the power and portability of C++ today!
 id : 234218 ISBN : 1583940561  | name : Tales of Old Earth  |  description : From pure fantasy to hard science fiction, this finely crafted offering by one of the greatest science fiction writers of his generation promises to stretch readers' minds far beyond ordinary limits. Nineteen tales from Michael Swanwick's best short fiction of the past decade are gathered here for the first time, including the 1999 Hugo Award-nominated "Radiant Doors" and "Wild Minds" and this year's winning story, "The Very Pulse of the Machine." The collection also features "The Raggle Taggle Gypsy-O," written especially for this volume.
 id : 234219 ISBN : 1864502460  | name : India  |  description : Featuring a 48-page full-color section of the wonder that is India, this Lonely Planet guide shows where to find the best cuisine, shopping bargains, and accommodation and transportation options for all budgets. 226 maps.
 id : 234220 ISBN : 0452279100  | name : Teaching Montessori in the Home  |  description : In this sequel to "The Pre-School Years", author Elizabeth G. Hainstock focuses on mathematics and language development for older school-aged children. The book may be used as an introduction to or as support for the work learned at school or simply provide supplemental work for the overachieving but under stimulated student. Illustrated.
 id : 234222 ISBN : 0020820852  | name : The Safe Shopper's Bible  |  description : Anyone concerned about the health effects of ingredients in the items they buy every day -- from soup to flea powder, mascara, or car wax -- will find The Safe Shopper's Bible indispensable. Finally, here's a complete guide to settle such questions as: Can your hair coloring cause breast cancer? Is this brand of apple juice safe for babies? Will the additives in this salad dressing harm you? Which shampoo won't sting your eyes? The Safe Shopper's Bible rates thousands of household products, personal care products, foods, and beverages. Its extensive charts list products by brand name and rate them each for short-term and long-term health hazards. Readers can find out at a glance which products are more or less likely to provoke allergies or irritation, cause birth defects or cancer, trigger neurological problems, or pose other health hazards. In addition, the charts provide recommendations for the safest foods, toiletries, and everyday household purchases.
 id : 234223 ISBN : 0030569087  | name : Peace Breaks Out  |  description : In the uneasy peace after World War II, the senior year at Devan School for Boys in New Hampshire changes from a time of fiendships into a stunning drama of tragic betrayal. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 234224 ISBN : 0935028706  | name : Benedita Da Silva  |  description : A champion of the poor and advocate for women, Afro-Brazilian Senator Benedita de Silva shares the sometimes heart wrenching, always inspiring story of her life. Illustrations & photos.
 id : 234230 ISBN : 0671459325  | name : McEnroe, a Rage for Perfection  |  description : A noted sports journalist traces the spectacular rise of tennis's "enfant terrible," examines his on-court behavior and his great matches, and reveals McEnroe's generosity and loyalty to family, friends, and country
 id : 234232 ISBN : 0671443763  | name : Chrissie, My Own Story  |  description : A top tennis player describes the personal and professional difficulties she had to overcome in her mastery of the game, reflects on the sources of her mental tenacity, and provides a first-hand account of competing on the pro tour
 id : 234233 ISBN : 0460872362  | name : The Personal History and Experience of David Copperfield the Younger  |  description : One of Dickens's best-loved and most personal novels, David Copperfield is the embodiment of Dickens's own boyhood experience recalling his employment as a child in a London warehouse. This edition, which has the accurate Clarendon text, includes Dickens's trial titles and working notes, andeight original illustrations by "Phiz."
 id : 234239 ISBN : 0761511121  | name : Red Green Talks Cars  |  description : Red Green, Dougie Franklin, Bill, Harold and the rest of the lodge members have gathered to talk cars. The Possum Fraternity is here and eager to share hard-won wisdom about this basic life-support system. Red and Harold can help you deal with everything from those bad sounds your car's been known to make to ?7 Kinds of Smoke--and What They Mean.? Dougie Franklin reveals all he knows about safe driving techniques, and Bill shows you how to theft-proof your car. Red, Arnie Dogan, Winston Rothschild and Mike Hammer take a detour down memory lane lined with memorable cars. Lodge members offer practical tips on what to do if your car won?t start, doing your own car maintenance and how to make your car go faster. (They also provide helpful suggestions in case the cops pull you over.) Handyman projects include turning you car into a tank, a fire engine, or a jet powered vehicle, and uses for leftover car engines or hoods. And those lucky enough to ride with you can benefit from advice on How to Be a Good Passenger (or How to Hitchhike). Meanwhile, the Car Buffs tackle the question, ?What was the best car ever made?? Finally--men talk about what moves them.
 id : 234244 ISBN : 0517122839  | name : The Book of the Dead  |  description : Including the Hieroglyphic Transcript and English Translation of the Papyrus of Ani Fascinating compendium of ancient Egyptian mythology, religious beliefs and magical practices. Includes spells, incantations, hymns, magical formulas and prayers. All explained by one of the most knowledgeable and respected Egyptologists of the early 20th century. B&W illustrations, photographs and hieroglyphics throughout. 704 pages.
 id : 234250 ISBN : 1591293189  | name : Ripple Affect  |  description : A diamond of immense power, the heart of the world, sought after by all those seeking power. The Arcanadaemon, keeper of the furnaces or Deadworld, expelled for keeping improper records. Pita, a woman alone and emotionally lost after losing her husband. She finds a land quite inhospitable for her. Andreas Kostos, the great explorer, sailing through the Great Sea in search of new lands. What might he find out there? Mara, Gyrax, Li, and Hayes, the siblings of extraordinary power, feared by the authorities, unaware of who they are. And Kestin, a scavenger Elf in a war-torn nation. As part of a party of scavengers, he spends an evening telling the stories of his land. But who is he really? So many questions to answer, the real question being what ties all these people together? The diamond?
 id : 234252 ISBN : 1889758361  | name : Niamh and the Hermit  |  description : The daughter of a king and a fairy, the Princess Niamh is glorious fair - perhaps overly so. Her incredible beauty proves a curse as no man can withstand even a moment in her presence without running mad.
 id : 234255 ISBN : 0132923939  | name : 1,001 Ideas to Create Retail Excitement  |  description : This storehouse of sales-generating ideas show small-to-medium retailers how to attract and keep new customers. From eye-catching window displays and in-store promotions to marketing research, advertising and publicity, it provides strategies and techniques for becoming more aggressive.
 id : 234256 ISBN : 0060692995  | name : Butler's Lives of the Saints  |  description : For more than two centuries, Butler's Lives of the Saints has been hailed as the authority on the Christian patron saints. Now, in this new edition of the original classic, Michael Walsh has culled the ruch resources of earlier editions to accentuate the more modern and best-documented saints. Echoing the charm and style of the eighteenth-century edition, Walsh's volume has been edited to make the fascinating and inspiring lives of the saints easily accessible to readers today. This edition features saints from many nations and backgrounds and includes new articles on recently canonized saints. The index offers the list of saints from the complete edition, and includes all new canonizations and new dates, making it eh most up-to-date listing of saints available. Butlter's Lives of the Saints remains a remarkable reference source and, through its comprehensive biographies, a valuable aid to devotion and a rich source of historical information.
 id : 234257 ISBN : 0070479046  | name : The Mind Of The Strategist: The Art of Japanese Business  |  description : A guide to the strategic planning techniques used by Japanese business executives explains how to identify the customer's needs, evaluate the strengths of the company, and overcome competition
 id : 234258 ISBN : 0440508142  | name : Mother Wonderful's Profusely Illustrated Guide to the Proper Preparation of Chicken Soup  |  description : "Mother Wonderful's Chicken Soup" is a hilariously funny pictorial guide to the preparation of soup for the family. Gentiles and Jews alike will be wise to follow this quintessential Jewish Mother's advice on chicken feet, sons-in-law, and much more. "Chanin has been described as a cross between Julia Child and Woody Allen".--"Philadelphia Inquirer".
 id : 234259 ISBN : 0836230779  | name : Sagittarius  |  description : It's in the stars and in the numbers: This series sells well year-round and in all markets.
 id : 234261 ISBN : 0449238687  | name : Airs Above the Ground  |  description : Lovely Vanessa March did not think it was a strange for her husband to take a business trip to Stockholm. What was strange was the silence that followed. Then she caught a glimpse of him in a newsreel shot of a crowd near a mysterious circus fire in Vienna and knew it was more than strange. It was downright sinister. Once again Mary Stewart unfolds a masterpiece of intrigue, terror, and suspense in this headlong-paced tale of a young wife's search for a missing husband....
 id : 234262 ISBN : 0449206084  | name : Touch Not the Cat  |  description : Bryony was used to receiving psychic messages--until the voice insisted she was in danger. And when she returned home to find her father dead, she knew she had to uncover her family's long-held secret to pinpoint the person who wanted her dead as well!
 id : 234263 ISBN : 1582971463  | name : 2003 Guide to Literary Agents  |  description : Put your writing career on the fast track! You need an agent who can get your fiction, nonfiction or screenplay into the hands of the people who can make your dreams come true, and the 2003 Guide to Literary Agents will help you find the right one. Here's all the names, addresses and guidelines you need, including contact information for over 500 literary agencies, 120 conferences and 30 freelance publicists. The book's easy-to-reference icons and indexes help you to quickly, easily and correctly locate the agent best suited to represent your work. Look inside and you'll find samples of actual query letters, guidelines for hiring a freelance publicist, strategies for getting the best agent and more. Special Insider Reports provide you with access to the advice and opinions of the people who know how the industry works. You'll also learn more about fees, market research and electronic rights. With more agent listings than any other reference, 2003 Guide to Literary Agents is the right choice that can change your life right now.
 id : 234264 ISBN : 0802415547  | name : From Dust and Ashes  |  description : In a novel set against the backdrop of World War II, Helene, the abandoned wife of an SS guard who fled to avoid arrest, ministers to the liberated survivors of a Nazi concentration camp, during which she finds her own liberation from spiritual bondage, sin, and guilt. Original.
 id : 234266 ISBN : 1570710309  | name : 365 Foods Kids Love to Eat  |  description : Kids Love to Eat" contains carefully chosen, kid-tested recipes that appeal to the whole family, especially those with finicky appetites.
 id : 234267 ISBN : 0971884005  | name : Season of Peace Devotional  |  description : A collection of 100 inspirational messages for people struggling with fear, anxiety or crippling panic attacks. Each story shares how faith can play such an important role in the recovery process. The inspirational messages are based on the Bible and non-denominational Christianity.
 id : 234269 ISBN : 3453861744  | name : Rettet die Rundwelt!  |  description : Forts. von: äDie Gelehrten der Scheibenweltä. - Nach einem fehlgeschlagenen Experiment landet Ridcully mit einer Gruppe Zauberer in der Rundwelt. Dort müssen sie feststellen, dass sie von Elfen verseucht ist und ersinnen ein Gegenmittel.
 id : 234270 ISBN : 1891343661  | name : Moving Into History  |  description : Before he knew he was gay, before he would be abused by a priest, John Vore thought of himself, first, and foremost, as an American. In essays written since 9/11 Vore challenges progressives, liberals and would-be victims to think differently: fractured into broken selves with patchwork identities, we can barely see ourselves as Americans, anymore. Our blindness has allowed conservatives to grab the stage of history. With our very individuality broken into psychological factions, how can we challenge them? In remembering our capacity as Americans, Vore shows how we can come together, again. With values rooted in spirituality and an ideology-free look at our lives, he delivers an open invitation to us all, a road-map back to the center of America.
 id : 234272 ISBN : 157921522X  | name : Living Sacrifices  |  description : LIVING SACRIFICES addresses the call of God for each of us to live an important life. Our model is the resurrected Christ, who offered Himself as a living sacrifice. Following the general themes of chapter 12 of the New Testament book of Romans, Part 1 first takes in view the fullness of God's sacrificial mercy. In Part 2, the text illustrates the transformative capacity found only in cooperation with God's provision on our personal behalf. In Part 3, the text seeks to reveal the power and authority we have been granted to overcome evil with good LIVING SACRIFICES weaves together common sense prose, solid scriptural exposition, and candid personal testimony, with unique parables and anecdotes that illustrate the text. An original poem opens and sets the theme for each chapter. The author -- a visual artist, educator, college administrator, and a member of the Grammy Award-winning Brooklyn Tabernacle Choir -- seeks to offer his unique point of view so that those dying to live a more important life may capture a vision of a life worth giving.
 id : 234273 ISBN : 002863201X  | name : The Complete Idiot's Guide to Numerology  |  description : Explains the basics of numerology and how to explore the future using numbers such as a birth date, birth name, and address
 id : 234274 ISBN : 0767905423  | name : Slug Bread and Beheaded Thistles  |  description : An advocate for organic household cleaners and pesticides shares her favorite methods for maintaining a clean home and a glowing garden, naturally.
 id : 234276 ISBN : 0679426167  | name : Code Name--Gentkill  |  description : In the wake of a series of murders of FBI agents, rogue G-Man Mike Devlin seeks a connection between the killings while investigating a complex scheme at a hospital. By the author of Witness to the Truth. 50,000 first printing. Tour.
 id : 234277 ISBN : 0671670239  | name : The Caine Mutiny  |  description : The Novel that Inspired the Now-Classic Film The Caine Mutiny and the Hit Broadway Play The Caine Mutiny Court-Martial Herman Wouk's boldly dramatic, brilliantly entertaining novel of life-and mutiny-on a Navy warship in the Pacific theater was immediately embraced, upon its original publication in 1951, as one of the first serious works of American fiction to grapple with the moral complexities and the human consequences of World War II. In the intervening half century, The Caine Mutiny has become a perennial favorite of readers young and old, has sold millions of copies throughout the world, and has achieved the status of a modern classic.
 id : 234278 ISBN : 1591298970  | name : Hens Rule  |  description : Inheriting the family farm, Rachel and Sherry Collier give up their pampered life in Mobile and move to the rural town of Evergreen, Alabama. After they arrive, the women discover their relative, Darlyn Mackinstry, was murdered. Accidents continue to happen at the farm, convincing them the murderer is still around. Realizing the danger they are in, Rachel seeks help from the local police. Sheriff Jake Brewer is on the case, but his attraction to Rachel is hindering his judgement. Who could have killed Darlyn and why? Neighbor Oscar Newcume's sudden romantic interest in Sherry worries him. Added to Jake's list of suspects is Rachel's grandmother Barbara. Why would a woman who hasn't set foot on the farm in thirty years unexpectedly return? When Sherry is kidnapped, Jake and Rachel strive to prevent her from meeting the same fate as Darlyn. Will they find her in time?
 id : 234282 ISBN : 0393322343  | name : Book Business: Publishing Past, Present, and Future  |  description : The author reconstructs the history of publishing, providing insights into the techniques and business of the creating, marketing, and selling of books.
 id : 234283 ISBN : 0425165000  | name : The Future  |  description : Kang's machinations have led to timelines collapsing at a great rate--the X-Men and Spider-Man must take the battle to the Conqueror if they are to keep him from becoming the master of time. But in order to find Kang, they must face alternate futures that may be more than they can bear.
 id : 234284 ISBN : 1568302800  | name : Teach Yourself Java for Macintosh in 21 Days  |  description : Takes a tutorial approach towards developing and serving Java applets, offering step-by-step instruction on such areas as motion pictures, animation, applet interactivity, file transfers, sound, and type. Original. (Intermediate).
 id : 234286 ISBN : 3404243188  | name : Warten auf Oho  |  description : Lust auf eine abgedrehte Story? Wie wär's mit dieser: Gott ist tot. Und die Todesumstände sind ziemlich rätselhaft. Er starb bei einem Angelausflug in Norfolk und lässt eine Frau, drei Kinder und 'ne ganze Menge Grundbesitz zurück. Laut Testament vermacht er seinem Sohn Colin den viel geliebten Planeten Erde, doch Colin zeigt einige Interesse und will das Ding an seinen undurchsichtigen Kumpel Lou Cipher verscherbeln. Gottes Frau schöpft Verdacht: Hatte Lou etwa beim Tode ihres Mannes seine Finger im Spiel? Sie schaltet einen Privatdetektiv ein: den großen Lazlo Woodbine. Und Lazlo der Große steht unvermittelt vor dem größten Fall seiner Karriere ... Die ist das erste Buch in der Geschichte des Verlages, das kein Coverbild hat. Es wird mit bunten Abziehbildern ausgeliefert, mit denen jeder Leser sich sein eigenes Cover schaffen kann.
 id : 234288 ISBN : 0525483209  | name : The Tree Where Man Was Born  |  description : In this classic volume, Matthiessen exquisitely combines both nature and travel writing to bring East Africa to vivid life. He skillfully portrays the daily lives of herdsmen and hunter-gatherers; the drama of the predator kills; the hundreds of exotic animals; the breathtaking landscapes; and the area's turbulent natural, political, and social histories.
 id : 234289 ISBN : 1400046904  | name : Swimming at Suppertime  |  description : Master storyteller and beloved NPR commentator Carol Wasserman shares the quirky jobs and tribulations of her life among fellow Swamp Yankees in a little town on the Massachusetts coast, across the water from upscale Cape Cod. In the tradition of Bailey White and Garrison Keillor, she regales us with amusing and touching stories about the colorful characters and yearly rituals—from the absurd to the sublime—that keep her so closely tethered to the town and her ancient, crumbling house, which she describes as a “fragile, sinking, lovely old wreck of a place that I have come to confuse with my own flesh.” In these tales that have delighted millions of listeners, she describes the fine art of buying apples from squabbling orchard owners; the wild enthusiasms of her dearly departed husband, Aubrey, who was once sure he’d discovered a tiny Stonehenge by the side of the road; and the community of ladies who swim at suppertime, when the beach is deserted and they know “the ocean will be as warm as the primordial soup.” Swimming at Suppertime is the remarkable debut of one of the most original and entertaining new voices writing about the wondrous daily surprises and pleasures of American life.
 id : 234290 ISBN : 0808403370  | name : The Yemassee  |  description : Viewed from today's perspective, The Yemassee dramatically and unflinchingly bares the manipulation, exploitation, and eventual genocide of a proud indigenous nation that preferred extinction to the surrender of its land and the subjugation of its people.
 id : 234293 ISBN : 0393313131  | name : Latin Deli  |  description : Cofer tells readers of the women's lives that entangled with hers in El Building in Patterson, New Jersey. A community transplanted from what they now view as an island paradise, these Puerto Rican families yearn for the colors and tastes of their homeland. As they carve out their lives as Americans, their days are filled with drama, success and tragedy.
 id : 234296 ISBN : 0156086824  | name : The Ascent to Truth  |  description : Merton defines Christian mysticism, especially as expressed by the Spanish Carmelite St. John of the Cross, and he offers the contemplative experience as an answer to the irreligion and barbarism of our times. “For those...curious about mysticism...this is an excellent book” (Catholic World).
 id : 234297 ISBN : 0884893030  | name : Praying with Thomas Merton  |  description : "The rich complexity of Thomas Merton is rendered clear and accessible. The reader is invited to that transformation of life which is at the heart of Merton's message". Sr. Donna Kristoff, Ursuline Sisters of Cleveland, Ohio
 id : 234298 ISBN : 0684815303  | name : Making Saints  |  description : From inside the Vatican, the book that became a modern classic on sainthood in the Catholic Church. Working from church documents, Kenneth Woodward shows how saint-makers decide who is worthy of the church's highest honor. He describes the investigations into lives of candidates, explains how claims for miracles are approved or rejected, and reveals the role politics -- papal and secular -- plays in the ultimate decision. From his examination of such controversial candidates as Archbishop Oscar Romero of El Salvador and Edith Stein, a Jewish philosopher who became a nun and was gassed at Auschwitz, to his insights into the changes Pope John Paul II has instituted, Woodward opens the door on a 2,000-year-old tradition.
 id : 234300 ISBN : 0385036434  | name : Interior Castle  |  description : Originally published: Garden City, N.Y.: Doubleday, 1961.
 id : 234301 ISBN : 0803720416  | name : Parts  |  description : A five-year-old boy thinks his body is falling apart until he learns new teeth grow and hair and skin replace themselves.
 id : 234303 ISBN : 0448431009  | name : I Hate Rules! #5  |  description : Katie Carew (nicknamed Katie Kazoo by the class bully) always wished that she could be anyone but herself. Now her wish has come true - and she keeps turning into other people! When Katie gets caught breaking the rules, first passing a note, and later with a cell phone (that isn't even her's!), she loses her recess for the day. She's had it with the school rules! When she turns into the principal, Mr. Kane, she makes a new rule - that there are no rules! Things get out of hand and Katie turns back into herself before she can fix things. The real Mr. Kane loses his job because the parents and teachers are so angry. Will Katie be able to make things right and get Mr. Kane his job back? Illustrated by John and Wendy.
 id : 234304 ISBN : 0300000332  | name : The Nature of the Judicial Process  |  description : In this famous treatise, a Supreme Court Justice describes the conscious and unconscious processes by which a judge decides a case. He discusses the sources of information to which he appeals for guidance and analyzes the contribution that considerations of precedent, logical consistency, custom, social welfare, and standards of justice and morals have in shaping his decisions.
 id : 234305 ISBN : 0060086610  | name : The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (Spanish edition)  |  description : Abren una puertay entran en otro mundo Narnia. . . una tierra congelada en un invierno eterno. . . un país que ansía ser libre. Cuatro chicos aventureros entran por la puerta de un ropero y llegan a la tierra de Narnia -- un país esclavizado por el poder de la Bruja Blanca. Pero, cuando se han perdido casi todas las esperanzas, el regreso de Aslan, el gran león, significa un gran cambio ... y un gran sacrificio.
 id : 234306 ISBN : 1589821017  | name : The View from the Grass Roots  |  description : The View from the Grass Roots is an anthology of 192 columns written over the last decade by award-winning New Jersey opinion columnist Gregory J. Rummo. Writing for a number of newspapers, Rummo's columns cover a broad range of topics, examining each issue with a fresh, down-to-earth perspective. Whether writing about family life or the demise of America's Judeo-Christian heritage, he is blunt and to the point. You will never have any doubt where he stands on an issue. His opinion columns appear in a number of newspapers, including; The Daily Record, The Weekly News, The Herald News and The New Jersey Herald. His column "An Evangelical View" appears regularly in The Record of Hackensack.
 id : 234308 ISBN : 0595303366  | name : The Magic Islands  |  description : A fantastic tale of adventure and magic-- Shipwrecked beyond the great fog our adventurers find themselves caught up in an ancient prophecy that sends them on a great adventure. Guided by an old wizard they must sail amongst the magic islands to collect ancient weapons and magical objects. But time is short for the darkness is spreading from the island of the dark volcano and the enemy is abroad. With monsters, magic and swashbuckling action they must race to complete their quest and fulfil the prophecy. The first in the series of The Magic Islands Also The Magic Islands--The Book Of Secrets The Magic Islands--The Dark Empress The Army of Wizards
 id : 234313 ISBN : 1591132991  | name : Buttercups for Jesus  |  description : From the diary of her own life, Marie shares God's mandate to Love the Lord and one's neighbor as oneself. Let "Buttercups for Jesus" inspire to love God as never before.
 id : 234314 ISBN : 0747544379  | name : Explaining Death to the Dog  |  description : Celebrating the everyday deviance of ordinary men and women, these stories draw on the bizarre and the hilarious. Two straight A students murder the school bully, a man feigns amnesia after a mugging and attempts to win back his ex-wife, and a bored wife spends all her inheritance at an auction.
 id : 234315 ISBN : 1589821122  | name : Father's Touch  |  description : D'Haene's memoir details his experiences growing up in southwestern Ontario as a sexual abuse survivor within a Jehovah's Witness family. D'Haene was one of the first males in North America to take his abuser to court and go public with his story. He takes the reader on an emotional roller coaster, starting with the deep sadness and despair caused by child abuse, then offering hope and healing to the many out there who have remained silent.--From publisher description.
 id : 234316 ISBN : 1403326169  | name : Blood in My Hairspray  |  description : Josie finds herself in a tough spot and begins a deception that will have her fearing for her life while love threatens to engulf her. How can she ever get things back to normal without something disastrous happening? Then there is Rita, who has escaped a life in "The Mob" that threatens her very sanity. Watch her discover an inner strength she never knew she had. Can love find her, too? How these women meet and forge their future makes for page-turning drama. Their trials and triumphs will keep readers guessing until the very end.
 id : 234318 ISBN : 0803495110  | name : The Marshal's Destiny  |  description : Irish-born Margaret Mary Flaherty leaves New York City for Colorado, carrying the signed proof her brother Seamus needs to keep greedy landowners from stealing his ranch. Joshua Turner, U.S. Marshal, is headed to Colorado to investigate charges of cattle rustling and land fraud. Their paths cross in the middle of enemy territory, where Marshal Turner comes to the aid when Maggie s stagecoach is attacked by hostile Indians. One look at the handsome Marshal, and Maggie swears her destiny s calling to her from the depths of his brillant green eyes. One look at the fiery-haired woman with eyes the color of cornflowers, and Joshua wonders if he s finally found the woman who will teach him how to love.
 id : 234319 ISBN : 1589820061  | name : Seed of the Dogwood Tree  |  description : Michael Sinclair and Bruce Plantard didn't expect much as part of the student archaeology trip to Somerset, England. And they certainly didn't expect to discover the journal of the first Baldwin King of Jerusalem in the student excavation of Mendips mine. Neither did anyone else, and Michael and Bruce kept it to themselves. After all, they believed the journal contained clues to other hidden archaeological treasures in Mendips. Financed by Bruce's Uncle Edmond, the two boys mount a secret retrn expedition. There, using the Baldwin papers and additional documents provided by the enigmatic Uncle Edmond, they discover a secret chamber containing what they believe to be the one true cross and the blood of Christ. This begins an adventure that leads us through a fascinating montage of religious fact and lore, history and legends, science and science fiction. Greg Cicio has skillfully blended these elements into a compelling story of discovery, murder, intrigue, and secret societies.
 id : 234320 ISBN : 0910965579  | name : Net Crimes & Misdemeanors  |  description : A cybercrime expert describes a range of abusive Internet practices, shares victims' stories, and offers advice on how to handle junk e-mail, financial scams, invasions of privacy, cyberstalking, identity theft, and other seedy practices. Includes legal resources, Web-based information sites, and useful organizations for seeking help.
 id : 234321 ISBN : 0971429642  | name : Caroline Rose  |  description : Kate O'Brien is a young research assistant with dreams of becoming a writer. But the determination needed to follow that dream is lacking until she meets Caroline Rose, a charming homeless woman with a shadowy past. An elegant and cheerful woman, Caroline challenges all of the stereotypes of the homeless, and baffles Kate with her positive attitude even in her seemingly desperate situation.
 id : 234322 ISBN : 0679406859  | name : I Haven't Understood Anything Since 1962, and Other Nekkid Truths  |  description : The best-selling author shares his observations on what has happened to America over the last thirty years, discussing the women's movement, politics, sex, the media, and more
 id : 234323 ISBN : 0448420864  | name : Cinderella  |  description : Little girls will love this retelling of the classic fairy tale, complete with a poor, unhappy heroine, her cruel stepmother and stepsisters, a fairy godmother, a dashing Prince, and a "happily ever after"ending.
 id : 234325 ISBN : 0887392202  | name : The Devil's Rood  |  description : About America's first and most destructive serial killer. It exposes the mind of a truly evil man, and, along the way, reveals some grisly surprises.
 id : 234326 ISBN : 0448405075  | name : Thumbelina Finds Her Way  |  description : Carried off by a family of toad musicians, Thumbelina bravely sets off on a remarkable journey full of danger and surprises. Full-color stills from the movie.
 id : 234327 ISBN : 0689718551  | name : Con Mi Hermano/With My Brother  |  description : Con Mi Hermano / With My Brother is about a little boy who admires his big brothers and aspires to be just like him when he grows up. Con Mi Hermano / With My Brother is an easy-to-follow text in English and Spanish that makes this story of the close relationship between a little boy and his older brother warm and reassuring in either language.
 id : 234329 ISBN : 0970262116  | name : How Firm a Foundation  |  description : a novel by Marcus Grodi Stephen LaPointe is a minister who loves Jesus, loves to preach, and considers the Bible as the one sufficient, firm foundation for his life. He left a career to attend seminary because he wanted to devote his life to helping others experience a true conversion of heart. He knows that one day he will stand before God accountable for what he preaches, and it is in this conviction that his crisis begins, for how can he know for certain that what he preaches is eternally true? This crisis threatens his calling as a minister, his marriage, and even his life.
 id : 234331 ISBN : 0812550471  | name : A Sorcerer and a Gentleman  |  description : A centuries-old feud between Avril and Prospero over the land of Pheyarcet, is about to break into open war, beginning an epic confrontation that can only end in a conflagration of blood and honor. Reprint.
 id : 234333 ISBN : 1928832598  | name : Surprised by Truth 3  |  description : This collection of testimonies by people who've found new life in the Catholic Church gives readers an arsenal of arguments that prove the truth of the Catholic Faith. Stories of changed lives come from a graduate of the virulently anti-Catholic Bob Jones University, an Anglican priest, a former commissioner of baseball, and more.
 id : 234334 ISBN : 3446199802  | name : Der Besuch des Leibarztes  |  description : 20 Jahre vor der französischen Revolution wird der Altonaer Arzt und Aufklärer zum Vertrauten des angeblich schwachsinnigen Dänenkönigs Christian VII. Innerhalb kurzer Zeit gelingt es ihm, viele Reformen auf den Weg bringen.
 id : 234338 ISBN : 0440418585  | name : Feather Boy  |  description : An accessible, compelling, coming-of-age story from a fresh new talent that combines magical realism, enchanted storytelling, wry humor, and a suspenseful plot.
 id : 234339 ISBN : 0595258794  | name : Jonah Christopher and the Last Chance Mass  |  description : A solid career, a simmering romance and his own past conspire to keep Jonah Christopher at home. But when Our Lady, Queen of the Universe, calls, Jonah must traverse time and eternity to confront the evil only he can defeat. Can a sixth-grade teacher whose only plan for the next week is to enjoy spring break fishing and being with the girl of his dreams give up his comfortable life to battle the gathering darkness? And, if he does, will he ever make it back to the woman he loves, his home and the old brick school where he had finally found happiness? Traveling in a ten-foot rowboat through rough seas and urban congestion, Jonah must rely on a ring, a rosary, a telescope, a fisherman and a guardian angel named Dave to bring him to his journey's end.
 id : 234341 ISBN : 0679811680  | name : Dakota of the White Flats  |  description : In searching for an eccentric old woman's jewel-encrusted turtle, Dakota and Treacle tangle with a recluse author and almost become a midnight menu for mutant eels.
 id : 234342 ISBN : 0918339235  | name : Tin Can Man  |  description : Jernigan recounts his enlistment, "boot camp", a tour abourd the battleship USS Washington in the Atlantic, and his time with the destroyer USS Saufley in the Pacific.
 id : 234343 ISBN : 1566398304  | name : Yellow Journalist  |  description : "For three decades, William Wong has been America's most energetic and entertaining chronicler of the Asian diaspora and its effects on politics, culture, business, sports, dress, diet, and language. Like other great humorists, he exposes the painful absurdities that plague each new wave of immigrant families as they enrich the national character, from Wong's own adventurous parents to Tiger Woods. Some of these pieces offer surprising insights on geopolitics and others explore the legal and social consequences of racial discrimination, but my favorites are the playful essays, including the classic 'So That's Why I Can't Lose Weight.' " --Jay Mathews, Washington Post reporter and columnist, and author of Class Struggle Who are Asian Americans? Are they the remnants of the "yellow peril" portrayed in the media through stories on Asian street gangs, unscrupulous political fundraisers, and crafty nuclear spies? Or are they the "model minority" that the media present as consistently outranking European Americans in math scores and violin performances? In this funny, sobering, and always enlightening collection, journalist William Wong comments on these and other anomalies of the Asian American experience. From its opening tribute to the Oakland Chinatown of Wong's childhood to its closing tribute to Tiger Woods, Yellow Journalist portrays the many-sided legacies of exclusion and discrimination. The stories, columns, essays, and commentaries in this collection tackle such persistent problems as media racism, criminality, inter-ethnic tensions, and political marginalization. As a group, they make a strong case for the centrality of the Asian American historical experiences in U.S. race relations. The essays cover many subjects, from the personal to policy, from the serious to the silly. You will learn a little Asian American history and a lot about the nuances and complexities of the contemporary Asian American experience. If there is an overriding theme of these stories and essays, it is the multi-faceted adaptation of ethnic Asians to the common American culture, the intriguing roles that they play in our society, and the quality of their achievements to contribute to a better society. Bill Wong's high school journalism teacher took him aside during his senior year and told him he would have to be "twice as good" to succeed at his chosen profession. Succeed he did, and "twice as good" he is. As Darrell Hamamoto remarks in his Foreword, "'Chinaman,' Chinese American, Asian American; any way you slice it, Bill Wong is one straight-up righteous Yellow Man." "One of the advantages of having a writer of Bill Wong's talent around is that we don't have to depend upon intermediaries and go-betweens to give us insights about issues affecting Asian-Americans. He is often entertaining, and ironic, but underneath it all is a serious mind devoted to shattering myths about one of our fastest growing minorities." --Ishmael Reed, author of The Reed Reader "It is about time that America meet William Wong--an icon in journalism whose experience as a second generation Chinese-American has given him a unique lens through which life in America can be examined. For almost two decades, his columns in the Oakland Tribune and other San Francisco bay area newspapers have captured a different kind of reality about some of our most important social, cultural, and political moments. Wong's readiness to share his family, his community, and his conscience allows readers to cross a bridge into the world of Asian America. Whether it is an analysis of the 1996 campaign finance scandals or a perspective on how parent pressures and bi-cultural conflicts can play out in a young Asian American teen's life, Wong's skillful weaving of humor, irony, and poignant portrayals of the circumstances make each story linger long past the final sentence of his essay." --Angela E. Oh, Lecturer/Former Advisory Board Member, President's Initiative on Race "...an anthology of Wong's best writing from the last decade and a half, covering an impressive array of topics and tone." --Asianweek
 id : 234344 ISBN : 0689862261  | name : The Courage of Sarah Noble/Newbery Summer  |  description : Sarah and her father leave their family to build a home in wilderness of colonial America. The Newbery Honor book is available in this summer reading program edition.
 id : 234345 ISBN : 0765345315  | name : Starswarm  |  description : Kit has never known any life but his existence at the protected laboratory compound known as Starswarm Station. And for all that time he has heard the Voice: an artificial intelligence chip implanted in his skull. But the startling discovery of who put the chip in his head--and why--leads Kip to revelations that could threaten the safety of the entire compound. Luckily, he has friends Marty and Lara to help. But are three kids enough to save an entire planet? A Starscape edition perfect for readers ten and up.
 id : 234346 ISBN : 0399231501  | name : The Mind Reader  |  description : In 1930, while their families are performing in a traveling vaudeville show in San Francisco, ten-year-old Annie helps her best friend Connie when he decides to run away rather than use his mindreading abilities any longer.
 id : 234347 ISBN : 0486224619  | name : Traite de l'harmonie reduites a ses principes naturels  |  description : One of most important books in the history of Western music and a profound advance in musical theory, this work was the first to codify the principles of tonality. Supplemental corrections by Rameau are included and the numerous musical examples have been reset in modern musical notation. Includes an Introduction that discusses Rameau's mathematics, and more.
 id : 234348 ISBN : 1883925347  | name : College Faith  |  description : 150 Christian leaders and educators share faith stories from their student days.
 id : 234350 ISBN : 0595132820  | name : The Outlier  |  description : Imagine this…Wilton, a small town in the Berkshires of Massachusetts. Roland Briggs, a brilliant but burned out ex-homicide detective from the south trying to escape the horror of his wife’s suicide and his subsequent nervous breakdown, takes the job of chief of police. For two years, it’s just as he’d hoped, quiet and unchallenging. But then, it the fall of 1972, the town is rocked by the grisly murders of two elderly women. A man is caught and convicted. The evidence against him is overwhelming. Everyone is satisfied that the murderer is behind bars. Everyone except Briggs. Armed with only a few inconsistencies and his belief that the convicted man was framed, Briggs begins his search to find the motive for these senseless and seemingly random acts of violence. Slowly, he begins to realize that the reason for these crimes is buried in the old and abandoned, Wilton School for the Feeble-Minded, up on the hill on the outskirts of town.
 id : 234351 ISBN : 0791450961  | name : The Journey of One Buddhist Nun  |  description : Recounts the struggles of a young Thai woman to become a Buddhist nun and the challenges and rewards of that life.
 id : 234352 ISBN : 0689864388  | name : Elske  |  description : Two Women Elske -- a girl with no future, until her grandmother's sacrifice saves her from certain death Beriel -- an imperious princess, determined to claim the kingdom that is her birthright Fate brings them together, both exiles, one servant to the other. To Beriel, the mistress, Elske offers steadfast loyalty and courage -- hard to come by in her dangerous quest to regain the throne she has been denied by treachery. To Elske, the handmaiden, Beriel's proud example provides a perhaps even more precious gift -- the strength to find her true self.
 id : 234353 ISBN : 1400060834  | name : Losing My Faculties  |  description : The author describes the joys and frustrations of his teaching jobs in an economically depressed white ethnic town, a middle-class suburb, a last-chance truancy program, and a college-prep urban charter school.
 id : 234354 ISBN : 0374508046  | name : Mystery and Manners  |  description : The essays and articles in this volume are concerned mainly with the art of fiction--its quality, in regional writing; its nature and its aims; and its relatino to the writer's religion.
 id : 234358 ISBN : 078693087X  | name : A Rumor of Dragons  |  description : The reunion of old friends--an outcast in love with a princess, a would-be warrior, a wizard in training, a knight, an elderly dwarf, and a childlike kender--becomes a final struggle to save their homeland from the Dark Queen's wrath.
 id : 234359 ISBN : 0451183053  | name : Passport to the World  |  description : Designed for easy communication in twenty-five languages, an essential guide by a renowned teacher allows readers to communicate successfully using eighty key words in each language and following simple phonetic guides for accurate pronunciation. Original.
 id : 234360 ISBN : 0765343584  | name : White Jenna  |  description : In this sequel to "Sister Light, Sister Dark," the saga of Jenna, thrice prophesied White Queen, and her dark sister, Skada, continues as they cross a battle-torn land to save their true-born king.
 id : 234362 ISBN : 0312246765  | name : Germany  |  description : A budget travel favorite, Germany is a mix of ancient castles and pounding Berlin nightlife, and Let's Go gives the inside scoop. Photos and maps.
 id : 234363 ISBN : 0812551761  | name : King & Raven  |  description : Forced to watch as Arthur's knights rape and murder his beloved sister, young Raven vows never to be helpless again, and when he demands retribution for the crime, he is taken on as part of the court in a fantastical story of romance, adventure, and revenge. Reprint.
 id : 234364 ISBN : 0764802011  | name : A Catholic Guide to the Bible  |  description : This revised and expanded edition of A Catholic Guide to the Bible is a guide to the basics of biblical scholarship. Offering historical backgrounds and information about the author and the literary style of the work, it provides a theological interpretation of selected passages based on the latest Scripture scholarship and the Catechism of the Catholic Church. Drawing on more than 30 years experience as a priest and Catholic educator, Father Lukefahr helps ensure that the Bible will become a friend on your journey through life. Paperback
 id : 234365 ISBN : 0898705533  | name : What Catholics Really Believe  |  description : Keating explains some of the most common misperceptions and misunderstandings of the Roman Catholic Church.
 id : 234367 ISBN : 0385507682  | name : September 11  |  description : An eyewitness chronicle of the events of September 11, 2001, brings together forty first-person accounts by individuals affected by the terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon.
 id : 234369 ISBN : 0895555425  | name : Blessed Miguel Pro  |  description : Fast-paced true Catholic adventure story of the famous young Jesuit who was executed in 1927 for the "crime" of being a Catholic priest. A gripping and inspiring story for all ages!
 id : 234372 ISBN : 097142764X  | name : My Name is Mary  |  description : "Nearly thirty years have passed since the miraculous events that have changed the world. I am old now, and I know that my life here among you will soon be over. As I sit here in my garden in the warm sunshine, I long to tell the story one more time, to one more person, and I pray that you will indulge me, even though you may have heard this story before." (Opening paragraph of My Name is Mary). "Ms. Sawyer takes you on a journey inside the mind and heart of Mary. Through the words of the author you touch and feel the raw emotions of Mary, mother of Jesus, a woman, just like any other, who laughed and cried, hoped and dreamed and placed her destiny in the hands of God." (Midwest Book Review). "Though My Name is Mary, by Denise Sawyer, is a work of fiction , readers can't help feeling they are reading actual journal entries. Written in the first person, Sawyer conveys articulately what Mary would have described her life to be as the mother of Jesus. This is a very quick and enjoyable read filled with great description and inspiration." (Maine Reviewer)
 id : 234373 ISBN : 0835913619  | name : Eight Science Fiction Plays Se 96c.  |  description : In less than one class period, students can easily finish short pieces that include traditional tales and myths of the Americas and the Caribbean, famous heroes and infamous villains like King Arthur and Jesse James, and original stories of incredible feats - many based on real-life disasters such as the Titanic and Hurricane Andrew. Teaching support available.
 id : 234375 ISBN : 1893162052  | name : Eat Yourself Slim  |  description : Highly successful French food writer takes aim at calorie myth, and teaches how to lose weight while enjoying abundant food the gourmet way.
 id : 234378 ISBN : 0590298860  | name : Hostage to War  |  description : Provides an autobiographical account of a ten-year-old Russian girl's experiences as she survived the horrors of a Nazi concentration camp in order to live to see the end of the war and grow to attain her dreams of becoming a teacher. Reprint.
 id : 234380 ISBN : 0394711769  | name : The Sea Birds are Still Alive  |  description : Ten stories of Black life written with Ms. Bambara's characteristic vigor, sensibility and winning irony. The stories range from the timid and bumbling confusion of a novice community worker in "The Apprentice" to the love-versus-politics crisis of an organizers wife, to the dark and bright notes of the title story about the passengers on a refugee ship from a war-torn Asian nation. Young girls, weary men, lovers, frauds and revolutionaries -- Toni Cade Bambara handles them all the expertise, passion and huge talent. As the Chicago Daily News said, "Ms. Bambara grabs you by the throat...she dazzles, she charms."
 id : 234382 ISBN : 0425149447  | name : Wish You Were Here  |  description : Enjoying her stay at the medieval village of Carcassonne during her Getaway Tour vacation in France, Luci joins a group of travel companions in a secret search for the legendary Cathar treasure. Original.
 id : 234383 ISBN : 0802732127  | name : Harry's Last Tax Cut  |  description : His involvement in shady doings in the tax business spell trouble for Jay Jasen when his friend Harry Sage, the man who persuaded him to join in on a deal, is murdered and the police begin asking questions.
 id : 234384 ISBN : 0553297201  | name : The Party  |  description : Excited about securing the best rap group in town for the upcoming senior class party, Jennifer Wilson decides to hold the party at her house while her parents are away. Original.
 id : 234385 ISBN : 0802757901  | name : Casualty Loss  |  description : After Donald Jasen and his wife are found dead in a burnt-out car, Donald's brother, Jay, has custody of their two children and finds himself involved in a mystery surrounding thousands of dollars in cash hidden in the trunk of Donald's car
 id : 234388 ISBN : 0879737158  | name : The Persistent Prejudice  |  description : Traces the history of American anti-Catholicism, looks at examples of modern prejudice, and examines the aims of anti-Catholic forces
 id : 234389 ISBN : 2070419789  | name : Les vents du changement  |  description : Extraterrestres passablement énigmatiques ; intelligences artificielles mégalomanes agissant pour le bien de l'humanité ; voyages dans le temps ou dans l'espace ; démon farceur exauçant à la lettre les vœux de ses pauvres victimes ; et, toujours, les paradoxes logiques qui constituent la marque de fabrique du Bon Docteur... C'est toute la science-fiction qui s'est donné rendez-vous dans ce recueil de onze nouvelles écrites entre 1977 et 1982. Tantôt brèves, reposant parfois sur des jeux de mots dont Asimov lui-même a la grâce de rougir, tantôt très élaborées, ces nouvelles démontrent une fois encore - mais qui en doutait ? - l'immense talent de l'auteur de Fondation.
 id : 234390 ISBN : 0595157602  | name : Battle Cry  |  description : After the murder of their father, Rachel and Daniel must free their people from the deadly Harridan overlords which ceased control of Thracia twenty years ago. Destined from birth to fulfill a double edged prophecy, they must succeed or condemn their entire world into oblivion. The technologically advanced Harridan overlords pursue them without mercy leaving total destruction in their wake. Betrayed by their own blood into the enemy's hand, they must choose between life and death. A single choice to make, and it would all be over one way or the other. The only question is, which choice will lead to life?
 id : 234391 ISBN : 2070368815  | name : La grande vallée  |  description : Dans une petite ville de Californie, un jeune militant s'apprête à vivre pour la première fois l'épreuve de la violence : comment va-t-il résister à la peur et à la souffrance ? En bavardant avec un rémouleur ambulant, une femme dans la force de l'âge, mariée à un fermier sans imagination, ressent un soudain désir de vivre, de voir du pays, de s'évader ; un instant, un même sentiment érotique de la terre la relie au voyageur ; mais l'évasion dont elle a rêvé se transformera en une sortie banale à Salinas, la ville voisine... Treize nouvelles, dont le célèbre "Poney rouge". Mais un seul livre, dont l'unité est l'amour de Steinbeck pour la grande vallée californienne de Salinas. La vallée où se passent les choses les plus ordinaires du monde - les plus grandes -, le pays où vivent les gens les plus simples, les plus mystérieux des hommes.
 id : 234392 ISBN : 0803495129  | name : A Trade Wind Season  |  description : Melissa resolves to remain only a shipmate and friend to the captain while she works as a gourmet chef aboard a yacht bound for the Caribbean. But, through their time working together in close quarters and taking island excursions, they fall for each other.
 id : 234393 ISBN : 0718003551  | name : Women of Faith New Testament with Psalms and Proverbs  |  description : This Bible includes information about the Women of Faith Ministry and its ministry partners, along with principles for beginning your walk with God and helpful suggestions for further spiritual growth.
 id : 234395 ISBN : 0241125898  | name : Dictionary of the Khazars  |  description : A dictionary compiled by a 17th century Serbian warlord is destroyed during the Inquisition, except for two copies. A novel written as a dictionary, this version is written from a MALE viewpoint. The FEMALE edition is almost identical but not quite. Be warned one paragraph is crucially different.
 id : 234396 ISBN : 044021176X  | name : A Rap on Race  |  description : A black writer's emotional response to American racism is juxtaposed with the logical analyses of a social scientist
 id : 234397 ISBN : 0763618470  | name : Sorceress  |  description : The suspense is over! Readers of the spellbinding story of Mary Newbury can finally find out what happens to her next - thanks to a young, modern-day descendant who has an uncanny connection to the past. Agnes closed her eyes in the heat and steam of the sweat lodge. She woke to air that was dry and cold around her. She was no longer Agnes, or even Karonhisake, Searching Sky. She was no longer American or Haudenosaunee. She was English, and her name was Mary, and she woke to find that she was dying, freezing to death. It came to Agnes unbidden - a vision of Mary Newbury, alone in the snow, dying of the cold. A vision of a young woman who had lived in the 1600s, an unusual young woman who had been driven from her Puritan settlement, accused of being a witch. It was an image of a woman whose life was about to change radically, as she embarked on an existence that defied all accepted norms - embracing passionate independence, love, and loyalty to a proud, endangered community that accepted her as one of their own. Mary’s and Agnes’s lives have been separated by almost 400 years, but they are inextricably linked by more than blood. Like Mary, Agnes has special powers - powers that Mary now seeks to ensure that the rest of her story is told.
 id : 234400 ISBN : 0805419683  | name : Lost in His Love  |  description : The suspenseful, yet endearing trilogy spanning three generations of the Wagstaff family.
 id : 234402 ISBN : 8401473748  | name : Ruinas  |  description : Agents Mulder and Scully track the dissappearance of an archaeological expediion in the ancinet Mayan city of Xitaclan. There the two agents encounter a violent world of guerilla warfare and antiquities smuggling as vestiges of a long dead ritual cultural emerge to sweep them all deeper into a supernatural mystery.
 id : 234403 ISBN : 0385474466  | name : Case Closed  |  description : Attempts to resolve the mystery of the assassination of JFK using new interviews, secret files, and the latest scientific and computer enhancement of film and video.
 id : 234404 ISBN : 0871318792  | name : False Witness  |  description : This absorbing book tells, for the first time in its entirety, the story of the arrest and trial of Clay Shaw, charged with conspiracy in the assassination of President John F. Kennedy. The trial and the events leading up to it were headline news internationally for almost three years in the late 1960s. Those who dismissed the Warren Report as government cover-up now saw the conspiracy that they had always suspected slowly being unraveled before their eyes.
 id : 234406 ISBN : 055328181X  | name : Long Ride Home  |  description : RIDE ALONG INTO DANGER Traveling under an alias, the last thing gunman Clip Haynes wanted was attention. But Basin City needed a town-taming marshal, and a cold-blooded murderer was hiding behind Haynes’s real name. Now Haynes was coming out of hiding to protect his honor, save a town, and catch a killer—even if it cost him his life. Lou Morgan was as tough as they came. But it wasn’t just the money or the challenge that motivated him to take on a suicide job involving a buried Spanish treasure and two greedy killers. It was love for a beautiful señorita who had left him for dead years ago. It’s not easy being the new schoolma’am in town . . . especially when you’re a man. But Van Brady isn’t quite the tenderfoot he seems, and before he’s through he’ll teach a few hard cases a lesson they’ll never forget. From the rough-and-tumble streets of San Francisco to the dry desert plains of Texas, from a roughshod gambler willing to wager his own life on a single bet to a killer with a heart, here are stirring tales of the Old West as only Louis L’Amour can write them, tales of men and women risking their lives, fighting their wars, and standing tall on the American frontier.
 id : 234407 ISBN : 0843950250  | name : For the Norden Boys  |  description : Down-on-his-luck Tom Atkins accepts a job on a small ranch owned by the Norden brothers. Soon, Tom begins to notice small but troubling things. The townsfolk don't seem too friendly to the Nordens, and some of their neighbors are downright rude. It's not long before Tom realizes exactly what he's gotten himself into by working for the Norden boys. (June)
 id : 234408 ISBN : 0843950560  | name : Double-Cross  |  description : The future looked bright for Matt McLeod. He was an outrider for the Two-Bar Ranch, hired to protect the rance from poachers. Then he saw Riley Wilcox in the Denver jail and everything changed.
 id : 234409 ISBN : 0671534688  | name : Heart Song  |  description : Happiness, on a sparkling sea of goodness ... in a world where she truly belonged.
 id : 234410 ISBN : 0688033474  | name : The Wolfen  |  description : The savage killing of two New York City policemen leads two detectives, a man and a woman bound together by a strange, tough passion, to hunt down the wolfen, called werewolves in former days
 id : 234412 ISBN : 0375727922  | name : The Alibi  |  description : Hammond Cross is determined to become Charleston's next district attorney. He takes on a murder case where the prime suspect is a woman who claims that her alibi involves Hammond.
 id : 234414 ISBN : 1576737500  | name : Different Children, Different Needs  |  description : Do you know your children? Pastor Charles Boyd shows you how to encourage, exhort, and empathize with your kids according to each child's natural, God-given needs and temperament.
 id : 234415 ISBN : 1580400337  | name : Diabetes Burnout  |  description : Living with diabetes is hard. It's easy to get discouraged, frustrated, and burned out. Here's an author that understands the emotional rollercoaster and gives you the tools you need to keep from being overwhelmed, addressing such issues as dealing with friends and family, and how you can better handle the stress for better health. Written with compassion and a sprinkle of humor.
 id : 234416 ISBN : 0671880373  | name : Goodbyes  |  description : Outlines various ways of handling parent-child separation, covering such topics as preventing uncomfortable goodbye scenes, feelings of guilt, getting children into a school routine, and balancing the needs of both parent and child. Original.
 id : 234417 ISBN : 096477660X  | name : The Crucified Ones  |  description : God is calling forth a people to walk in radical obedience in preparation for His coming. Read about the crucified ones. Allow the Holy Spirit to press you upward toward the high calling of God in Christ Jesus.
 id : 234418 ISBN : 1573440779  | name : Susie Sexpert's Lesbian Sex World  |  description : The lesbian sex book that rocked girls from coast to coast. '...Bright celebrates lust with wholesome fervour.' - The New York Times
 id : 234421 ISBN : 0736911499  | name : Becoming Olivia  |  description : In this third novel of Henke's Coming Home to Brewster series, Roxanne returns to the life of Olivia "Libby" Marsden, the main character in "After Anne."
 id : 234422 ISBN : 8501048771  | name : De Gutenberg à Internet  |  description : Fornece um panorama do direito autoral neste final de século, examinando à prática da proteção jurídica à criatividade intelectual, contextualizando o impacto da tecnologia digital no cotidiano e suas conseqüentes transformações culturais, por meio de dados técnicos, aspectos filosóficos ou jurídicos.
 id : 234424 ISBN : 0375503765  | name : Love Works Like this  |  description : "Is even the most clenched heart capable of it?" Lauren Slater asks about love, in this original, eloquent, and illuminating book about how we discover what love truly is. Slater, career-oriented and willfully autonomous, charts her own personal journey and decision-making process, starting with a list of the pros and cons, about having a child. The cons are many, the pros only one: "learning a new kind of love." But what will that love look like? How does one reconcile the needs of the self with the demands of others? How do couples go from the dyad that is a marriage to the triad that is a family? And how can Slater adjust to losing precious control of her own carefully developed life? Slater's complex biological and psychological history also lies at the core of this unique and yet strikingly universal story. One of the first people ever to take Prozac, she chronicles the impossibly conflicting advice regarding pregnancy and antidepressants, and explains the rationale behind her eventual decision to stop taking the medication during her first trimester. This is Slater's first encounter with self-sacrifice, and for her a crossroad at which modern medicine and basic human love meet. Love Works Like This is a richly written book by "an enormously poetic and ebullient writer" (Elle magazine), an author who writes with "beauty and bravery" (Los Angeles Times Book Review) about falling in love, about growing into the ability to put someone else's life ahead of your own, and about the rich rewards we can draw from the courage to exchange one kind of happy life for another.
 id : 234425 ISBN : 0735712026  | name : The Elements of User Experience  |  description : This text introduces the fundamental concepts involved in creating the user experience of a website or Web application. It will be of interest to executive decision makers who need a view of user experience/entry level practitioners in the field.
 id : 234426 ISBN : 0735712506  | name : Information Architecture  |  description : Turning web sites inside-out, this title examines site architecture, going on to discuss and explain possible improvements.
 id : 234427 ISBN : 1565922824  | name : Information Architecture for the World Wide Web  |  description : This guide shows how to apply principles of architecture and library science to design cohesive Web sites and Intranets that are easy to use, manage, and expand. It covers building complex sites, hierarchy design and organisation, and techniques to make your site easier to search.
 id : 234428 ISBN : 1561676306  | name : Road to Debt Freedom  |  description : "'Road to Debt Freedom' financial management for consumer debt, Debt reduction alternatives ; Reduce and eliminate credit card bills ; Improve your credit score ; Cost cutting ideas ; Household budget analysis ; Dealing with creditors and debt collectors ; Understanding consumer protection law ; Personal bankruptcy" --Cover, p. 4.
 id : 234429 ISBN : 207041003X  | name : Architecte des glaces  |  description : " Architecte des glaces - ma vocation n'était pas de bâtir une œuvre, mais son contraire... construire en glace, c'est édifier pour que rien ne reste. Construire un moins. Faire voir avec l'absence de la chose. Une espèce de... " c'est ainsi que Yaakov Lévinsky, la dernière nuit qu'il lui reste à vivre (la scène se passe à Szczebreszyn, en Pologne, en décembre 1942), définit son art singulier et le sens de sa quête. Le récit, plein de rebondissements, nous conduit de la cour des tsars au Berlin du IIIe Reich, de Zurich à l'époque de la fondation du mouvement Dada à la Russie de Lénine, et des icebergs du pôle Nord aux déserts du Nouveau Monde où pour Louis B. Mayer, le magnat de la MGM, notre architecte reconstruira - en glace, toujours ! - la tour de Babel à Leadville, Colorado. Joyeux sur fond de gravité, rapide et incisif comme un discret défi lancé à la face du plus lourd des siècles, ce roman aux allures d'autobiographie fictive est aussi, à sa manière, un conte philosophique de notre temps.
 id : 234430 ISBN : 1573800589  | name : The Insiders' Guide to Baltimore  |  description : Baltimore's classic Fells Point, historic Federal Hill, cultural Mount Vernon, authentic Little Italy state-of-the-art Oriole Park at Camdenyards and popular Inner Harbor come together for excitement and learning in the pages of The Insiders' Guide RM to Baltimore. Local authors explore the museums, shops and restaurants as well as little-known locals' Favorites and offer behind the scenes information you won't find in the tourist brochures. Insightful descriptions. pricing guidelines, Insiders' Tips, maps, photos and more provide street-savvy know-how whether you're planning a weekend getaway or creating a permanent home in Charm City.
 id : 234434 ISBN : 2859406271  | name : Crime  |  description : Cette fiction (1956), qui fit comparer Meyer Levin à une sorte de Dostoïevski américain, se fonde sur un fait-divers authentique auquel l'auteur en sa jeunesse avait été mêlé malgré lui. Dans le Chicago des années 20, deux garçons surdoués, promis à un brillant avenir, croient pouvoir exécuter un crime parfait... et y réussissent presque. Crime, qui suscita l'enthousiasme de Hemingway (et inspira un film fameux avec Orson Welles), avait disparu des tables de la librairie. Sa remise au jour en 1996 fut saluée par toute la presse.
 id : 234435 ISBN : 0446340871  | name : The Wasp Factory  |  description : Frank, a disturbed boy who lives alone with his father, creates a bizarre fantasy world for himself which includes strange rituals and murders
 id : 234436 ISBN : 0486423689  | name : Little Lord Fauntleroy  |  description : An American boy goes to live with his grandfather in England, where he becomes heir to a title and a fortune.
 id : 234437 ISBN : 1578260574  | name : Living With Juvenile Diabetes  |  description : In Living with Juvenile Diabetes, author Victoria Peurrung, mother to two children with juvenile diabetes, provides answers and coping strategies for families everywhere who are struggling with juvenile diabetes. Living with Juvenile Diabetes offers practical hints and ideas for parents, teachers, coaches and other caregivers who deal with children with Type 1 diabetes, as well as how to help their child deal with the condition on a daily basis. Read Living with Juvenile Diabetes for: * The latest facts and treatments * How to deal with the emotional rollercoaster * Step-by-step instructions for preparing insulin and giving injections * Tips on exercise and nutrition * Recipes, supplies, research trends and much more!
 id : 234439 ISBN : 0553274791  | name : One Coffee with  |  description : Detective Sigrid Harald's first case is set in the art department of a prestigious university. All the suspects are clever, but which one was clever enough to maneuver the victim to his death? A literate, textured mystery featuring a complex, strongly evoked character.
 id : 234440 ISBN : 1572242264  | name : The Queer Parent's Primer  |  description : When a family is headed by two women, which one is the mommy? If two dads show up at the soccer game, what do you tell your teammates? As families evolve into new constellations, the practical challenges attached to raising children are enormous. There may be custody disputes, public queer-bashing, and other forms of homophobic intolerance that the whole family is forced to endure.This empathetic guide offers gay and lesbian parents some real-life parenting solutions to the many obstacles they encounter. Through examples and interactive exercises, author Stephanie Brill encourages parents to think their way through conflict, and find ways to define and protect their family, and nourish a proud and loving household.There is plenty of concrete advice to help readers present their families with pride, and to teach children to resist gender stereotyping. The author deftly handles loaded issues such as coming out, finding culturally sensitive childcare and making decisions about spirituality and family celebrations. The special concerns of single parents and the complications of breaking up are addressed as well.
 id : 234441 ISBN : 1580051081  | name : Body Outlaws  |  description : Pick up a magazine, turn on the TV, and you'll find few women who haven't been fried, dyed, plucked, or tucked. In short, you'll see no body outlaws. The writers in this groundbreaking anthology reveal a world where bodies come in all their many-splendored shapes, sizes, colors, and textures. In doing so, they expand the national dialogue on body image to include race, ethnicity, sexuality, and power?issues that, while often overlooked, are intimately linked to how women feel about their bodies. Body Outlaws offers stories by those who have chosen to ignore, subvert, or redefine the dominant beauty standard in order to feel at home in their bodies. In a culture where plastic surgery has become nearly as routine as a root canal, this expanded and updated edition of fresh and incisive commentary challenges the media's standard notions of beauty with honesty and humor. Included are several new essays outlining the latest trends in the beauty industry such as botox, plastic surgery, and exercise bulimia, as well as a fascinating analysis of how men are affected by these same rigors, a thorough resource section, and a curriculum guide.
 id : 234444 ISBN : 0451154630  | name : Let's Get Well  |  description : Originally published: New York: Harcourt, Brace & World, 1965.
 id : 234447 ISBN : 0553444603  | name : Close Encounters  |  description : Traveling in an elevator on the way to sign their divorce papers, Tony and Sara are thrown together--literally--when the elevator plunges ten floors, and the occasion brings about a romantic reexamination of the marriage. Original.
 id : 234453 ISBN : 2876731126  | name : J'habite ici  |  description : Où il est question d'une ronéo dans un garage. D'un palmier aperçu au milieu de jardins ouvriers. De copies à corriger. D'un moteur mis au point sous les pins. D'un port où les noms des bateaux de pêche forment comme un poème grandeur nature. D'un estuaire où le fleuve coule dans les deux sens. Où il est question d'habiter, au gré d'une poésie qu'on rêve lisible par beaucoup, une ville à la fois banale et singulière : Saint-Nazaire.
 id : 234454 ISBN : 2879293456  | name : Les rois écarlates  |  description : Cicero Grimes traverse une grave dépression : il n'émerge de sa torpeur que pour prendre conscience du dégoût qu'il s'inspire à lui-même. Lenna Parillaud vit dans la haine et la souffrance depuis la perte de sa fille : seules les humiliations qu'elle inflige à son mari donnent un sens à sa vie. Lenna Parillaud et Cicero Grimes ne se sont jamais rencontrés. Jusqu'au jour où ils reçoivent chacun une lettre machiavélique... " Les portraits taillés par Willocks sont époustouflants de force vive, aussi héroïques que fragiles. Son roman est une somptueuse cavale initiatique. Dense, coloré par une poésie à fleur de peau, sensuel et subtil, c'est un volcan en éruption. " Cédric Fabre, L'Humanité.
 id : 234457 ISBN : 2879290937  | name : Bright lights, big city  |  description : New York, années 80. Un garçon de vingt-quatre ans tente d'oublier son chagrin et sa déception (sa femme vient de le quitter) à l'aide de diverses méthodes éprouvées : l'échec professionnel, la dope, les boîtes. Et la littérature. Entre un défilé de haute couture, une fête ratée et une orgie de coke dans les toilettes de l'Odéon, il lui reste pu de temps pour rassembler ses esprits. Heureusement, le Destin veille au grain...
 id : 234458 ISBN : 2879292107  | name : Bénarès  |  description : " Un jour, Mayi est venu à la maison. J'habitais en face de la boutique, ça ne faisait pas longtemps. Ma maison n'avait qu'une pièce, mais elle avait une cour qui l'agrandissait quand on ouvrait la porte et la fenêtre, et au milieu de la cour, un arbre se déployait, qui cachait le ciel et le soleil et donnait de l'ombre toute la journée, c'était agréable quand il faisait chaud. " Parce qu'il gagne une grosse somme d'argent aux cartes, un jeune homme propose à son meilleur ami de se rendre en ville pour ramener deux femmes. Tel est le point de départ de ce livre singulier, situé à l'Ile Maurice, et qui, sans jamais recourir à l'exotisme, noue avec le lecteur un lien d'une bouleversante simplicité.
 id : 234460 ISBN : 0060171189  | name : Psychoanalysis  |  description : "Linda documented her 10-year analysis experience in this book to help prepare others who are entering into psychoanalysis or considering becoming psychoanalysts" -- page 4 of cover.
 id : 234461 ISBN : 2879292301  | name : Volupté singulière  |  description : Mrs. Brindle vit avec son mari à Glasgow. En apparence c'est une femme au foyer résignée à sa condition. En réalité elle se sent mourir jour après jour, prise au piège d'une conjugalité morne, d'une existence répétitive. Fascinée par un certain professeur Gluck, qu'elle a aperçu à la télévision, elle dévore son livre, La Nouvelle Cybernétique, et décide d'aller le voir à Stuttgart où il donne une conférence. Elle découvre alors que cet homme qu'elle admire est un grand obsédé, un " accro " de la pornographie. Une étonnante histoire d'amour naît entre ces deux êtres solitaires, abandonnés, luttant l'un et l'autre contre une sorte d'asphyxie spirituelle. Dans une prose admirable, A.L. Kennedy parvient, comme Flannery O'Connor, à rendre audible l'appel de la grâce dans un monde dominé par le grotesque. Avec son humour décalé et son goût pour l'absurde, elle s'impose comme " l'auteur le plus original " (Tom Adair, Scotland on Sunday) d'une génération d'écrivains écossais extrêmement riche en talents.
 id : 234463 ISBN : 0553354582  | name : I Shall Not Be Moved  |  description : In her first book of poetry since Why Don't You Sing? Maya Angelou, bestselling author of the classic autobiography I Know Why The Caged Bird Sings, writes with lyric, passionate intensity that reaches out to touch the heart and mind. This memorable collection of poems exhibits Maya Angelou's unique gift for capturing the triumph and pain of being black and every man and woman's struggle to be free. Filled with bittersweet intimacies and ferocious courage, these poems are gems—many-faceted, bright with wisdom, radiant with life.
 id : 234464 ISBN : 2879291658  | name : Un réveillon mortel  |  description : Noël approche. Eric est morose. Son couple bat de l'aile, et l'auberge qu'il possède, quelque part en Ecosse, est au bord du dépôt de bilan. En désespoir de cause, il décide de passer une annonce dans la presse nationale : VOUS REDOUTEZ NOËL ? PARTEZ VOUS RÉFUGIER DANS UN PETIT HOTEL AU BOUT DU MONDE. Et ça marche! Échouent ainsi sur l'île cinq personnes atteintes du syndrome de Noël : une star des médias, un psychanalyste, un jeune acteur mythomane, une vendeuse et un militaire. Mais on n'échappe pas à ses névroses, et leurs échanges pleins de sous-entendus - et de malentendus - les ramènent sans cesse, comme le ressac hostile de la mer, à la rencontre de leur solitude. Alice Thomas Ellis entraîne le lecteur dans un étrange territoire littéraire, entre comédie humaine (côté terre) et roman fantastique (côté mer).
 id : 234468 ISBN : 2070419886  | name : La sale guerre  |  description : " J'ai vu des collègues brûler vif un enfant de quinze ans. J'ai vu des soldats se déguiser en terroristes et massacrer des civils. J'ai vu des colonels assassiner, de sang-froid, de simples suspects. J'ai vu des officiers torturer, à mort, des islamistes. J'ai vu trop de choses. Autant d'atteintes à la dignité humaine que je ne saurais taire. Ce sont là des raisons suffisantes, j'en suis convaincu, pour briser le mur du silence. " Pour la première fois, à visage découvert, un officier des troupes spéciales de l'armée algérienne raconte au jour le jour, depuis 1992, la " sale guerre " qui déchire son pays. Un coin du voile se lève sur l'un des tabous les mieux gardés du drame algérien : le fonctionnement interne de l'armée. Ce témoignage exceptionnel a eu un grand retentissement.
 id : 234469 ISBN : 0934678316  | name : Touch of Music  |  description : Roxanne and daughter Melissa move into a lesbian household, owned by Becky, well-known and self-impressed singer of women's music. They're in constant conflict 'til Melissa is hospitalized with a life-threatening illness, and a bond is forged between them.
 id : 234470 ISBN : 2070420493  | name : La machine-école  |  description : La machine-école : qui se soucie vraiment, dans les débats sur l'école, de la réalité de l'Education nationale, de cette machine qui avance, mais broie, fabrique, mais rejette, relève de réglages délicats entre les politiques, les enseignants, les parents, voire les élèves ? L'ouvrage de Philippe Meirieu - qui répond aux questions de Stéphanie Le Bars, journaliste au Monde - n'est pas un livre de plus sur l'école, mais une coupe anatomique du système de l'Education nationale. Il n'est pas question ici de la seule réaffirmation de grands principes, mais de leur application de plus en plus difficile dans le cambouis quotidien d'une machine prisonnière des corporatismes enseignants, du consumérisme des parents, de la volonté, sans lendemain ni suivi, des ministres de laisser leur nom à des réformes dont ils ne verront pas les suites ni n'assumeront les échecs éventuels. Philippe Meirieu, longtemps tenu par la presse pour le conseiller occulte de Claude Allègre, est aujourd'hui chargé par Jack Lang de réfléchir à la réforme des Instituts universitaires de formation des maîtres ; il fut la cible de virulentes campagnes de presse ad hominem de la part de publicistes ou d'intellectuels brandissant haut les principes de la République. Il explique ici comment ne pas laisser, sous couvert des grands principes, les inégalités - sociales, économiques, culturelle - créer une école à deux vitesses.
 id : 234471 ISBN : 093004486X  | name : Journey to a Woman  |  description : Third in the Beebo Brinker series. Legendary novels from the 1950s and 60s set in the gay mecca, Greenwich Village.
 id : 234472 ISBN : 2070417492  | name : Vichy, L Evene Memo L His  |  description : La 4e de couverture indique : "Plus que d'autres, les historiens le savent : le pouvoir des mots peut aussi être celui de la confusion. Lorsqu'on parle de Vichy, il convient désormais de préciser si l'on entend : le régime installé avec l'ambition de conduire en profondeur, dans un pays occupé, une " Révolution nationale " ; le gouvernement et son administration dont la mémoire nationale, ces dernières décennies, privilégie le souvenir de la déportation des juifs ; ou l'objet de recherches menées par des historiens et dont la perspective globale sur l'époque diverge de plus en plus de celle que nourrit la justice. C'est à une traversée de ces trois acceptions qu'invite l'ouvrage d'Henry Rousso, reflet de plus de vingt ans de recherches et de travaux consacrés aussi bien à l'impact de l'événement sur la société (à travers l'économie, la politique et la culture), qu'à la postérité de l'événement (du bilan des épurations militaires, civiles et administratives au sortir de la guerre jusqu'aux tentatives contemporaines de juger ce passé dans les prétoires). Une réflexion, en quelque sorte, sur les manières d'écrire l'histoire contemporaine comme sur les usages qu'en font les générations successives."
 id : 234473 ISBN : 0310900832  | name : Psalty's Kids Bible, Niv  |  description : Designed for children ages 4-8 % 8 illustrated, color presentation pages 32 illustrated, color Psalty story pages 8 color pages covering basic Bible teachings in an easy-to-read format 3 indexes Shrink-wrapped Red letter 1,600 pp.
 id : 234475 ISBN : 076453727X  | name : The Unofficial Guide to Walt Disney World for Grown-Ups  |  description : From the publishers of The Unofficial Guide to Walt Disney World "A Tourist’s Best Friend!" –Chicago Sun-Times "Indispensable" –The New York Times A companion to The Unofficial Guide® to Walt Disney World®, with hundreds of never-before-published tips for adults The Top 5 Ways The Unofficial Guide to Walt Disney World for Grown-Ups Can Help You Have the Perfect Trip: Tips on when to go and how to beat the crowds Practical tips on how to plan knock-out weddings, honey-moons, and anniversaries in Disney World Insider advice on Disney’s exciting nightlife: Where to pop the question, dance all night, and find the best microbrews The lowdown on the best shops and souvenirs, so you can spend less time searching and more time having fun The straight story on Disney’s golf and tennis facilities–as well as where to climb a rock wall and water slide at 60 mph This guide is a completely independent evaluation of Walt Disney World and has not been reviewed or approved by Walt Disney World or the Walt Disney Company, Inc.
 id : 234476 ISBN : 2253057819  | name : Sur les cimes du désespoir  |  description : Cette oeuvre écrite à vingt-deux ans, en 1933, nous plonge dans l'univers noir, désespéré et désespérant de Cioran. Penser est pour l'auteur, est une maladie, un démon qui ne vous lâche jamais.
 id : 234477 ISBN : 033048785X  | name : Pétain's Crime  |  description : An examination of the role of Marechal Philippe Petain in the persecution and mass murder of Jews under the Vichy government. It provides an account of this national hero and saviour, whose complicity was long hidden in secrecy.
 id : 234478 ISBN : 0743449541  | name : The Babel Effect  |  description : Genius husband-and-wife team Ryan and Jessamine McCloud are founders of Genesis, an unorthodox problem-solving think tank. Commissioned by a billionaire corporate chief to study the causes of the rising tide of global violence and social unrest, they begin to fear that a kind of disease is behind it all. They christen this the Babel Effect. Could there be a biomedical explanation for a kind of global insanity? Or is something else at the root of the problem? The investigation is brutally interrupted when Jessamine is kidnapped, and in the face of opposition from sinister and powerful organisations, Ryan McCloud grows increasingly desperate to find a way of halting the contagion of the Babel Effect, before it's too late for his family - before it's too late for mankind.
 id : 234479 ISBN : 2070324494  | name : Syllogismes de l'amertume  |  description : Syllogismes de l'amertume se présente sous l'aspect fragmenté d'un recueil de pensées, tour à tour graves ou cocasses. Rien pourtant de moins " dispersé " que ce livre. Du premier au dernier paragraphe, une même obsession s'affirme : celle de conserver au doute le double privilège de l'anxiété et du sourire. Alors que dans son premier essai, Précis de décomposition, Cioran s'attaquait à l'immédiat ou à l'inactuel avec une rage lyrique, dans celui-ci il promène sur notre époque, sur l'histoire et sur l'homme, un regard détaché où la révolte cède le pas à l'humour, à une sorte de sérénité dans l'ahurissement. Ce sont là propos d'un Job assagi à l'école des moralistes.
 id : 234480 ISBN : 2290148687  | name : Méharées  |  description : " Ici, vivre c'est avancer sons cesse a travers un décor immuable et changeant, identique à l'œil et que l'on ne saurait différent sons le témoignage du sextant, de la montre et de la boussole Nous sommes en 1923. Parti étudier les côtes de la Mauritanie comme océanographe, Théodore Monod découvre l'appel du désert. Il troque son bateau pour les méharis, ces dromadaires domestiqués, nobles vaisseaux qui sillonnent inlassablement l'océan pétrifié des sables. Dès lors, il n'aura de cesse de revenir arpenter cet univers torride et recuit, où les journées brûlantes alternent avec les nuits glaciales. Un univers magique pour qui sait voir la beauté suspendue de l'éternité.
 id : 234481 ISBN : 2020511134  | name : La fin des temps  |  description : Le narrateur, un informaticien de très haut niveau, qui effectue des missions spéciales, apporte un jour sa collaboration à un vieux savant dont le laboratoire se situe dans les sous-sols obscurs d'un immeuble. Dès lors, il est entraîné dans une aventure terrifiante. Parallèlement à ce Hard-boiled wonderland, interviennent en alternance les chapitres de La Fin des temps : le narrateur se trouve prisonnier d'une ville onirique, peuplée de licornes au pelage doré. Les deux intrigues se rejoindront finalement. De même que son personnage flirte avec d'anodines jeunes filles, Haruki Murakami courtise ici le mythe - ce qui nous vaut une fable d'une prenante étrangeté. Ce roman a obtenu au Japon le prix Tanizaki.
 id : 234485 ISBN : 080651504X  | name : 501 Survival Tips for Men  |  description : Humorous tips on being a "real man" in uncertain times include how to choose a bank ("by the best toaster"), select a mistress ("with your wife's name"), and handle other people's money ("with reckless abandon"). Original.
 id : 234486 ISBN : 0380778513  | name : Midnight Bride  |  description : Lady Rachel Wingate turns to the handsome Duke of Westleigh to save her from a grasping aunt and a despised fiance+a7, but the mistrustful duke balks being used, until he realizes that Rachel's life is in jeopardy. Original.
 id : 234487 ISBN : 0843933771  | name : Tempest in Time  |  description : In the midst of having second thoughts about marrying Jeff Dalton, independent career woman Missy Monroe finds herself thrust back in time and trading places with about-to-be-wed Melissa Montgomery, an 1840s virgin. Original.
 id : 234488 ISBN : 0812567110  | name : The Picture of Dorian Gray  |  description : The handsome appearance of dissolute young Dorian Gray remains unchanged while the features in his portrait become distorted as his degeneration progresses
 id : 234494 ISBN : 0448425815  | name : Sneaking Around  |  description : The girls of Professional Children's Boarding School know that only four of them will be chosen for talent agent Eileen Kerr's all-girl band. But who will it be? color photos.
 id : 234498 ISBN : 0140350284  | name : A Little Princess  |  description : Sara Crewe, a pupil at Miss Minchin's London school, is left in poverty when her father dies but is later rescued by a mysterious benefactor.
 id : 234504 ISBN : 0062514776  | name : The Healer Within  |  description : RELEASE YOUR NATURAL POWERS FOR HEALING, ENDURANCE, AND LONGEVITY With this revoloutionary guide, you will learan four simple and remarkably effective techniques to release your natural powers for healing. The methods – gentle movement, sel
 id : 234506 ISBN : 0374287678  | name : To See and See Again  |  description : The daughter of an Iranian father and an American mother describes growing up in two countries
 id : 234509 ISBN : 0930180127  | name : Growing Wild Mushrooms  |  description : This step-by-step guide introduces the beginning mushroom cultivator to everything he needs to know, from sterile culture procedures to indoor bottle gardens to indoor/outdoor compost gardens. Ten chapters cover equipment, growing media, compost, small indoor quantities, starting cultures, and incubation. Black-and-white line drawings and half-tones complement the 16 full color photos taken by the author, founder of the mail order business Mushroom People.
 id : 234510 ISBN : 0932807550  | name : I Wouldn't Live Nowhere I Couldn't Grow Corn  |  description : A collection of 103 of the author's best works, this book covers everything from friends and family to health, laundry, growing old, and tapioca pudding.
 id : 234512 ISBN : 1578567297  | name : Dandelions in a Jelly Jar  |  description : Art teacher Trudy Ploog moves to the quiet small town of Lake Emily to be near her boyfriend Bert, only to be drawn into conflict with the school board and eventually the town itself when cuts are made to the school budget, threatening the heart of the community. Original.
 id : 234513 ISBN : 1565122305  | name : The Waterman  |  description : When his father is lost in a Chesapeake Bay storm, Clay Wakeman drops out of college to take possession of his dad's boat, and assume his life as a commercial fisherman
 id : 234514 ISBN : 0937692115  | name : Crab's Hole  |  description : The Literary House Press at Washington College publishes a range of general interest books and scholarly monographs. Its publications present literary, scientific, historic, journalistic, environmental, and public policy writings of the Chesapeake Bay region. As publisher for Washington College, the press also publishes scholarly monographs written by faculty or taken from lecture series at the college. In addition, Literary House Press publishes works of literary merit without regard to subject or setting. Through the voice of their mother, the author of this enchanting memoir, the Jander family speaks to us across half-a-century about a world that is no more. Running water, indoor plumbing, and electricity were little more than dreams when the Jander family settled on tiny Tangier Island in the Chesapeake Bay. To leave the pressures of urban life behind, the Janders moved to the island during World War II and remained there as the children grew up and departed. Anne Jander began her memoir in 1943 and completed it in 1952. She died ten years later, and her family decided, after another thirty years, to seek its publication.
 id : 234515 ISBN : 0761976825  | name : You Have to Go to School--You're the Teacher!  |  description : This book presents a collection of strategies to help teachers at all levels develop a rapport with students and manage everyday school problems. There are 17 chapters in 9 parts. Part 1 "Tips for New and Student Teachers," includes (1) "Odds and Ends for Beginners." Part 2, "Beginning a Winning Year," includes (2) "They're Not Here Yet," (3) "They're Here," and (4) "They're Gone and You Survived!" Part 3, "Helping Students Be Responsible," includes (5) "Establishing Routines," (6) "Empowering Students," and (7) "Setting Consequences." Part 4, "Showing You're on the Same Team," includes (8) "Communicating Like a Pro," (9) "Being Fair," and (10) "Bonding Strategies." Part 5, "Building Confidence through Earned Praise," includes (11) "Self-Esteem Strategies." Part 6, "Avoiding Confrontation," includes (12) "Preventing Showdowns" and (13) "Knowing Your Audience." Part 7, "Safety," includes (14) "Personal, Physical, and Professional Safety." Part 8, "Using Your Support System," includes (15) "Working with Parents" and (16) "Working with the School Support Team." Part 9, "Parting Shots," includes (17) "See You Next Year!" Suggested readings are also included. (SM)
 id : 234518 ISBN : 0819565008  | name : Recollecting from the Past  |  description : Studies interconnections between sound production, spirit possession, colonialism and ceremonial remembering in Madagascar. The first serious ethnomusicological study of Malagasy music, Recollecting from the Past evokes the complex sound and performative aesthetic in Madagascar called maresaka. Maresaka pertains not only to musical expression but extends into ways of remembering the past, aesthetics of everyday life, and Malagasy concepts of self and community. Ron Emoff focuses on tromba spirit possession ceremonies in which Malagasy use devotional practice as an occasion to expressively re-figure worlds often impeded by colonialism and postcolonial phenomena, extreme material poverty, and widespread illness. Malagasy not only preserve the past, but they interpret, revalue and transform it to their own ends. Music is crucial to these performances since powerful ancestral spirits will not enter into the present if not enticed by masterful musical performances, and so music itself provides a complex symbolic system with which Malagasy can recall and reconstruct the past. This groundbreaking study will be of interest to readers in the fields of anthropology, ethnomusicology, cultural studies, African studies, postcolonial and performance studies.
 id : 234519 ISBN : 0307618609  | name : The Silly Riddle Book  |  description : A collection of riddles such as: "What kind of ears do engines have? Engineers."
 id : 234520 ISBN : 1858285658  | name : The Rough Guide to Malaysia, Singapore & Brunei  |  description : With a booming economy, Malaysia is a country in rapid growth mode. This guide covers all the developments from its futuristic flagship city, Kuala Lumpur, to its most luxurious resorts and remotest villages. This second edition updates everything from bars, clubs, and karaoke to its contemporary coverage of the recent Singapore elections. color maps and photos.
 id : 234523 ISBN : 0446384267  | name : Blessings in Disguise  |  description : The actor's account of his youth, training, stage and film career, family, and beliefs is interspersed with portraits of friends and fellow actors
 id : 234524 ISBN : 0821748394  | name : Lovers and Friends  |  description : Moving in with a widowed buddy when her own third husband leaves her for a bimbo, Ivy Darling decides that she and Flo are perfect prospects for the dating scene--and targets her rich boss and his partner. Original.
 id : 234525 ISBN : 1576739791  | name : The Prayer of Jabez Bible Study  |  description : The Prayer of Jabez Bible Study reveals how to make praying the Jabez prayer a lifetime habit. Readers will broaden their understanding of the four components of the Jabez prayer ("bless me; enlarge my borders; keep Your hand upon me; keep me from evil") by investigating key scriptural passages and learning how to apply them to their lives. Graphics and lighthearted illustrations make this innovative, four-week study impactful and fun. An eighty-page Leader's Edition with two additional, optional sessions is also available.
 id : 234526 ISBN : 0880881445  | name : Jesus  |  description : Our popular Charming Petites TM have eye-catching 4-color art and a wide array of subjects. Each has a 24K gold-plated or silver-plated charm to keep on the ribbon bookmark or to wear on a bracelet or necklace.Unlike anything else in the Christian book industry, these beautiful books (3-1/4 wide x 4 high) are filled with messages of goodwill and inspiration, combining Scripture and carefully chosen text. Hardcover case, 80 full color pages with a 24K gold-plated charm on a ribbon bookmark.
 id : 234527 ISBN : 0140087680  | name : Game Wars  |  description : Reveals how U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service agents fight poachers with careful, sometimes dangerous, undercover work and focuses on Dave Hall, an agent who singlehandedly took on the Alaska ivory trade
 id : 234528 ISBN : 0804104859  | name : Silver  |  description : Paulie Flax decides to leave Howard, her unfaithful husband of nearly twenty-five years, but on the eve of her defection, Howard suffers a heart attack and belatedly realizes that he truly loves Paulie
 id : 234529 ISBN : 1410704998  | name : Come Take a Walk with Me  |  description : Brent Watson's Come Take A Walk with Me is a book that is for all readers. It is a true story told by the author about having to face many battles after being paralyzed in a car accident. His story will bring out all of your emotions, as you will be taken through times of heartbreaking sadness and tragedy to wild and happy times that are sure to bring a smile to your face. This is a book that all who read it can, in some way, relate to. It is a story that will make you think about your life and how lucky we all are to have people who care about us. It will also inspire your soul, make you proud of who you are, and what you can become when following your hopes and dreams. The author strongly believes in being real and true to yourself and this is what he set out to accomplish in his life. His hope is that it will encourage, uplift, and help those who read it see the unlimited potential that God has blessed us all with.
 id : 234531 ISBN : 0312958420  | name : Cimarron Jordan  |  description : From Abilene to the Smoky Hill country Cimarron Jordan and Virge Hollister had fought and hunted together, until they parted, each taking an opposite path, and now, on the streets of Dodge City, the two legends come face-to-face as the worst of enemies. Reprint.
 id : 234532 ISBN : 0399134255  | name : Playmates  |  description : Latest about private eye Spenser and his sidekick, Hawk.
 id : 234533 ISBN : 037316808X  | name : His, Hers and Theirs  |  description : His, Hers And Theirs by Debbi Rawlins released on Nov 24, 1999 is available now for purchase.
 id : 234535 ISBN : 0553562266  | name : Relentless  |  description : Framed for a treachery he did not commit, Rafe Tyler plots vengeance and kidnaps Shea Randall, the daughter of the man who jailed him, but their proximity breeds a passion that may wreck his plans and force her to choose between father and lover. Original.
 id : 234536 ISBN : 0312875932  | name : A Personal Devil  |  description : Magdalene is no stranger to murder, and she must use the assistance of her powerful friends when Sabrina, the blind whoremistress of the Old Priory Guesthouse, seeks her help in unraveling a tangled tale of hatred, fear, and blackmail.
 id : 234537 ISBN : 0860204790  | name : Flowers  |  description : Provides an introduction to flowers.
 id : 234538 ISBN : 0374126453  | name : Coming into the Country  |  description : Coming into the Country is an unforgettable account of Alaska and Alaskans. It is a rich tapestry of vivid characters, observed landscapes, and descriptive narrative, in three principal segments that deal, respectively, with a total wilderness, with urban Alaska, and with life in the remoteness of the bush. Readers of McPhee's earlier books will not be unprepared for his surprising shifts of scene and ordering of events, brilliantly combined into an organic whole. In the course of this volume we are made acquainted with the lore and techniques of placer mining, the habits and legends of the barren-ground grizzly, the outlook of a young Athapaskan chief, and tales of the fortitude of settlers-ordinary people compelled by extraordinary dreams. Coming into the Country unites a vast region of America with one of America's notable literary craftsmen, singularly qualified to do justice to the scale and grandeur of the design.
 id : 234539 ISBN : 086020975X  | name : The Usborne Book of Weather Facts  |  description : Contains hundreds of fascinating facts about the world's weather and climate.
 id : 234543 ISBN : 0786001534  | name : Leopard's Lady  |  description : As Astra de Mortian frolics in a woodland pool outside the nunnery, she is unaware that Richard Reivers, a stranger and celebrated knight of King Henry III is watching her--or that he will save her honor and her life. Original.
 id : 234544 ISBN : 0843945230  | name : The Impostor  |  description : Melisande knows what she wants, and from the minute she lay eyes on Flynn Patrick she knows he's the man of her dreams. But he's not an aristocrat, therefore not a fitting match. He claims he's from another time. Then, though she believes no one could mistake the Yankee for an English gentleman, the Duke of Merestun swears that Flynn is his long-lost brother. Suddenly, Flynn seems a prince and all that Melisande desires lay within reach. But what is the truth?
 id : 234545 ISBN : 0671493051  | name : Embrace the Wind  |  description : Captured as a child and raised by the Arapaho, Fawn is saved by a hunter, Nathan Stoddard, who falls in love with her
 id : 234546 ISBN : 0912333049  | name : Are You Being Served?  |  description : "Traces the history of the popular British comedy series, and offers plot summaries for all 69 episodes." -- Amazon.com.
 id : 234547 ISBN : 0516016210  | name : Elephants  |  description : An introduction to Indian and African elephants, including what they eat, how they live, and how they are captured and tamed.
 id : 234548 ISBN : 1931696810  | name : Mating Season  |  description : Tropical beauty Becca Harms is searching for stability in her life. Yacht delivery captain Mark (Lucky) Lucken is footloose and fancy-free. Trapped together on a small sailboat in the middle of the Pacific for three long weeks, they seemingly have nothing in common save a well-honed sense of humor and a sexual attraction too powerful to ignore. Why then is Becca considering changing her dream of a two-story house with a tree house in the back yard, to a forty-foot mast? Lucky has vowed never again to own anything he can't carry on his back. If he can survive this passage from Hawaii to Tahiti without sending her overboard to join his precious duffel, which Becca has already deep-sixed-along with his every possession-he'll walk away a happy man. Except? she's wormed her way under his tough hide and life will seem empty without her?
 id : 234549 ISBN : 0759903921  | name : Beyond the Shadow  |  description : Guilty or Innocent? Even after the sensational trial of St. Louis builder Holden Sawyer, the answer to that question haunts marketing consultant and juror Mara Taylor. All Mara wants is to resume her normal life But because of the lengthy, notorious trial, her business is in ruins. Her roommate is gone along with Mara's boyfriend. Then a series of 'accidents' convinces her that someone wants her punished for setting Holden free. And the former defendant wants her help in solving the murder! Pushed beyond endurance and determined to regain her fife, Mara sets out to solve the murder on her own. Every clue embroils her more deeply into the life of one prime suspect, Holden Sawyer, the defendant she helped acquit. What was Holden's relationship with the beautifully erotic murder victim? Why does a mysterious gold necklace help Mara tap into the victim's mind and the secrets a television evangelist religiously protects? In the midst of the front page backlash her investigation generates, is Mara filling in love with the man she helped free, or the allure and excitement that surround him? Which is more important, knowing the truth... or trusting her heart?
 id : 234550 ISBN : 0446690732  | name : All That Lives  |  description : Murder and unspeakable evil follows the distinguished Bell family as they are plagued by violent and malevolent unseen forces, but an evil far greater than the Bell Witch lurks deep within the Bell home.
 id : 234551 ISBN : 0440216508  | name : Heartstrings  |  description : Advertising for a man to father the baby she intends to bear for her childless sister, Theodosia Worth hires Roman Montana to be her bodyguard against the onslaught of applicants and finds that he is more concerned with saving her from herself. Original.
 id : 234553 ISBN : 1570362971  | name : Football America  |  description : Explores America's fascination with football using images of players, fans, cheerleaders, coaches, and journalists
 id : 234555 ISBN : 055358331X  | name : The Consignment  |  description : Angered by the discovery that weapons made in America have been killing his own men, U.S. Ranger Ned Rourke leaves the Army to pursue those responsible for the betrayal, going undercover to enter a dark and treacherous world of high-stakes arms trafficking. By the author of Diplomatic Immunity. Reprint.
 id : 234556 ISBN : 0590339613  | name : A Show of Hands  |  description : Shows how to "talk" with your hands and "hear" with your eyes.
 id : 234557 ISBN : 0373440499  | name : Regarding Rita  |  description : Everyone in Hooperville knew Rita Lynn had been jilted by the father of her baby. Gossips and matchmakers were driving her crazy, trying to find a solution "regarding Rita". Nate Morrow--big-city lawyer turned plumber--wanted out of the rat race. Hooperville seemed the perfect place to find peace. Little did he know, the locals had already decided that he was Rita's solution. And they wouldn't take no for an answer.
 id : 234558 ISBN : 0785266887  | name : A Thousand Goodbyes  |  description : Celebrates the Christian faith, sharing recollections from the last months the author spent with his father and stories of athletes who have faced overwhelming odds or triumphed over personal tragedies.
 id : 234563 ISBN : 2742706534  | name : La Faustin  |  description : L'étude psychologique et physiologique d'une actrice dramatique entre les tribulations des répétitions et des représentations de Phèdre et les aléas de la vie amoureuse. Publié pour la première fois en 1881.
 id : 234565 ISBN : 089296586X  | name : What's the Worst That Could Happen?  |  description : It started with a ring. A cheap ring. The yellow metal said brass, not gold, and the sparkly bits were certainly not diamonds. But the ring belonged to May's horseplaying uncle, who swore it brought good luck. Dortmunder, who wouldn't kick a little good luck out of bed, puts it to the test when he goes to burglarize Long Island billionaire Max Fairbanks. As luck would have it, Dortmunder is greeted by Fairbanks himself - and a loaded gun - as soon as he strolls through the door. When the cops arrive, the mogul adds insult to injury by claiming that Dortmunder's lucky ring is actually his. Big mistake, big guy. As soon as Dortmunder can give the cops the slip, the world's most single-minded burglar goes after the fat cat with a vengeance and a team of crooks that only he can assemble. And from the get go everything will go Dortmunder's way - everything, that is, except the ring.
 id : 234566 ISBN : 0684868008  | name : Casanova in Bohemia  |  description : "In Codrescu's retelling of the Casanova legend, readers are introduced to an age far less inhibited than our own, and far more interesting in its vices. At once a libertine, a defender of women, a reactionary, a revolutionary, a brilliant observer, and a visionary, Casanova was a man ahead of his time both in thought and in action.
 id : 234568 ISBN : 0439176867  | name : Into Battle  |  description : Tal and Milla become caught up in an uprising of the Underfolk, which could have dire consequences for the Castle and for the entire Dark World.
 id : 234571 ISBN : 0736902376  | name : Chocolate Chili Pepper Love  |  description : Becky Freemans Chocolate Chili Pepper Love is a heartwarming collection of fun ideas and funny tales that will bring a new perspective to your marriage.Finding a good dose of humor and hope amidst the clutter of kids and romantic moments gone wrong, Becky reminds readers that marriage is a journey to be celebrated. In this book readers will discover:the differences between an easy vanilla marriage, a fun strawberry marriage, and the excitement of a chocolate-chili pepper marriagethe keys to making a high-maintenance relationship successfulhow to have fun even in the difficult timesMixing humor, vulnerability, and inspiration, Beckys writing will delight and encourage anyone who enjoys touching stories sprinkled with rich spiritual truths.
 id : 234572 ISBN : 0765191997  | name : Monuments  |  description : Here is a celebration of towering achievements in architecture and artistry in a beautifully illustrated collection of monumental towers, buildings, and memorials from around the world. Whether built to celebrate the victories of war, the passing of presidents, or the loss of a nation's young, these monuments range in scale from the epic to the intimate and represent the visions of some of history's most ingenious architects, artists, and sculptors. The Arch of Titus, the Arc de Tromphe, the St. Louis Arch Gateway, the Viet Nam War Memorial, and the pyramids of the pharoahs are just a few of the moving structures illustrated. This book contains 90 full-color photographs.
 id : 234573 ISBN : 0373387164  | name : Protecting Peggy  |  description : When FBI special agent Rory Sinclair saw the woman who ran the guest house where he was staying, she wasn't the apron-clad lady with graying hair tucked in a prim bun he'd envisioned. Not even close. Peggy Honeywell was a young single mom whose seductive gaze nearly froze him in his tracks. Going undercover to expose the danger looming at Colton-endowed Hopechest Ranch wasn't nearly so hard as pretending he didn't ache to take this wary widow in his arms and make every room in her house theirs exclusively. And for the first time in his life, this hardened lawman felt like more than his job was a stake . . . because protecting Peggy would be a lifetime commitment!
 id : 234574 ISBN : 1577170121  | name : Art Deco  |  description : An in-depth look at the century's most unique art movement.
 id : 234575 ISBN : 0765192489  | name : Henri Matisse  |  description : Celebrates the life and work of this artist.
 id : 234576 ISBN : 073942467X  | name : The Dixie Belle's Guide to Love  |  description : Tornadoes leave a blur of mayhem in their wake with roofs torn from buildings and entire homes reduced to piles of rubble. And tornadoes, both real and figurative, rip apart Rita Starks' world in this novel.
 id : 234577 ISBN : 0849916577  | name : Prayer's Apprentice  |  description : A former editor at Christianity Today shares a year of journaling, prayer, and meditation using bible passages and spiritual writings from Augustine, C. S. Lewis, Thomas Merton, and many others to draw closer to God.
 id : 234578 ISBN : 0553264869  | name : The Girl Who Wanted a Boy  |  description : Bright, aggressive 15-year-old Sibella decides to take aggressive measures to find herself a boy.
 id : 234579 ISBN : 1570711518  | name : Romantic Mischief  |  description : Offers playful suggestions for adding romance to relationships, including gifts, games, spontaneous gestures, love letters, and musical messages.
 id : 234580 ISBN : 1561382310  | name : The Encyclopedia of Mythology  |  description : A complete guide to Greek and Roman legends and myths.
 id : 234581 ISBN : 0345402855  | name : Messengers of the Wind  |  description : "Messengers of the Wind goes beyond the autobiographies of everyday women. These are women who have long been an invisible part of American culture. Their stories are haunting, frightening, encouraging, and courageous. . . . Katz is a faithful guide." --The Minnesota Daily In Messengers of the Wind, Native American women, old and young, from a variety of tribal groups, speak with eloquence and passion about their experience on the land and in urban areas; about their work as artists, activists, and healers; as grandmothers, mothers, and daughters; as modern women with a link to the past. And as each woman, renowned and obscure, tells her remarkable personal story, it is clear that each has tapped into the power that comes from within and has reached back into a history that brings with it courage and hope. " 'Giving energy to Mother Earth' -- Yes. That is our duty as women, as Natives, and as human beings. Messengers of the Wind is a way of doing just that. It is not a dance, feet patting our mother, but it is an offering, the voices of the women sent to comfort her. Thank-you, Jane Katz, for your offering. It is a special and much-needed gift." --Paula Gunn Allen Author of Voice of the Turtle "COMPELLING. . . INTIMATE." --The Cleveland Plain Dealer "A RICH COLLECTION OF PERSONAL STORIES. . .REWARDING. . . These are powerful women with important stories to tell." --Kirkus Reviews
 id : 234582 ISBN : 0517061015  | name : James Dean in His Own Words  |  description : James Dean's own words revealing his feelings about his life and craft are accompanied by biographical information and photographs
 id : 234584 ISBN : 0821747134  | name : Twilight Time  |  description : In this chilling tale of psychological suspense, a young man plagued by a multiple personality disorder must return to his hometown and face the demons that have pursued him throughout his life. Jeff is in for a deadly surprise when he finds that the door to the past is the gateway to hell.
 id : 234585 ISBN : 0192834312  | name : The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and Weir of Hermiston  |  description : This edition of "The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde / Weir of Hermiston" includes Stevenson's essay "The Importance of Dreams". Both these stories deal in different ways with a topic which fascinated Stevenson: the duality of human nature.
 id : 234587 ISBN : 0671720902  | name : Orion Shall Rise  |  description : Years after Earth is devastated by nuclear weapons, the survivors of a floating solar station above Europe assist the emergence of a low-tech civilization, until a treacherous faction seizes control of the station. Reissue.
 id : 234589 ISBN : 0679600078  | name : The Collected Tales and Poems of Edgar Allan Poe  |  description : Edgar Allan Poe was one of the most original writers in the history of American letters, a genius who was tragically misunderstood in his lifetime. He was a seminal figure in the development of science fiction and the detective story, and exerted a great influence on Dostoyevsky, Arthur Conan Doyle, Jules Verne, and Charles Baudelaire, who championed him long before Poe was appreciated in his own country. Baudelaire's enthusiasm brought Poe a wide audience in Europe, and his writing came to have enormous importance for modern French literature. This edition includes his most well-known works--"The Raven," "The Pit and the Pendulum," "Annabel Lee," "The Fall of the House of Usher," "The Murders in the Rue Morgue"--as well as less-familiar stories, poems, and essays.
 id : 234591 ISBN : 068480428X  | name : Get a Good Night's Sleep  |  description : d occasional sleep disorders of all kinds, by the director of a nationally known sleep disorders clinic. Dr. Katherine Albert recommends alternative therapies as well as traditional medicine to describe how to remedy different types of sleep problems.
 id : 234593 ISBN : 1561706574  | name : Steps to Healing  |  description : Ullman shows how to get in touch with one's inner doctor and offers 22 steps to health, each of which is a short, humorous essay that illuminates an underlying principle of the healing process.
 id : 234594 ISBN : 0395414520  | name : You Can't Catch Me!  |  description : A pesky black fly taunts all the animals, boasting that they cannot catch him, until he bothers one animal too many.
 id : 234595 ISBN : 0030000424  | name : Moon Tiger  |  description : After getting in trouble because of her little brother Michael, Jessica Ellen imagines a visit from a wonderful giant tiger who can take her flying through the night or eat Michael.
 id : 234596 ISBN : 0399241663  | name : Gingerbread Baby  |  description : Jan Brett's highly original version of the Gingerbread Boy story has quickly become a family classic. Now, the charming tale of Matti's clever trap for the runaway Gingerbread Baby is available as a beautiful board book for younger readers. And it still features a surprise lift-the-flap gingerbread house at the end!
 id : 234599 ISBN : 0824809270  | name : Japanese Culture  |  description : Japanese Culture has been called "a masterpiece of much in little space" (Booklist). For more than two decades it has garnered high praise as an accurate and well-written introduction to Japanese history and culture. This widely used undergraduate text is now available in a new edition. Thoroughly updated, the fourth edition includes expanded sections on numerous topics, among which are samurai values, Zen Buddhism, the tea ceremony, Confucianism in the Tokugawa period, the story of the forty-seven ronin, Mito scholarship in the early nineteenth century, and mass culture and comics in contemporary times. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 234600 ISBN : 0374194343  | name : Lucy  |  description : Lucy, a teenage girl from the West Indies, comes to work as an au pair for a wealthy American couple, discovering the dark side behind their facade of happiness as she also awakens to her own sexuality
 id : 234601 ISBN : 1569315620  | name : Pokemon Yellow Caballero  |  description : Part 4, Issue 2.
 id : 234604 ISBN : 0743466705  | name : Hawke  |  description : British naval hero Lord Alexander Hawke returns to the same Caribbean waters where his parents were murdered--this time on a secret mission for America to find a highly classified stealth submarine that has mysteriously disappeared.
 id : 234605 ISBN : 1594130000  | name : Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone  |  description : Rescued from the outrageous neglect of his aunt and uncle, a young boy with a great destiny proves his worth while attending Hogwarts School for Witchcraft and Wizardry.
 id : 234606 ISBN : 0394717147  | name : Green Thoughts  |  description : This collection of essays covers an enormous range of gardening subjects and it will charm and instruct gardeners everywhere.
 id : 234608 ISBN : 1579122094  | name : Vampires  |  description : More than 600 pages of bloodcurdling vampire tales, ranging from literary classics to pulp magazine serials to actual historical accounts, pack this luscious volume featuring commentary by noted vampire authority David J. Skal. Everyone knows that vampires live forever-and our fascination with vampires seems equally durable. This big, beautiful compilation of vampire tales features two centuries of spine-tingling writing, ranging from John Polidori to Robert Bloch. Put on your cape, light your candelabra and experience works by Alexis Tolstoy, Bram Stoker, Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, Rosemary Ann Guiley, Henry Kuttner, Cornell Woolrich and dozens more. There's even an interview with a contemporary, self-confessed blood-drinker. Every page of VAMPIRES features a column of running commentary by the editor, expanding upon the stories and exploring the evolution of the vampire mystique in folklore, literature and popular culture. Some 200 beautifully rendered black-and-white images, ranging from vintage engravings to film posters and popular artifacts, make this book a true Vampire's Feast!
 id : 234609 ISBN : 0688066143  | name : Lament for a Silver-eyed Woman  |  description : Relates the experiences of Mattie and Jo after they join the Peace Corps.
 id : 234610 ISBN : 0156252821  | name : Demetrius and the Golden Goblet  |  description : A king with a passion for the ocean requests a poor sponge diver to describe what lies beneath the sea.
 id : 234611 ISBN : 0439294827  | name : Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone  |  description : Pop-up illustrations present scenes from the first of the "Harry Potter" books, including Hogwarts School, a quidditch match, and the Mirror of Erised.
 id : 234614 ISBN : 0415933560  | name : Making a Place for Community  |  description : First Published in 2003. Routledge is an imprint of Taylor & Francis, an informa company.
 id : 234615 ISBN : 078970871X  | name : Launching a Business on the Web  |  description : The first edition of this book has been a solid success. This second edition of the hands-on guide shows how to successfully bring your business to a world wide audience on the World Wide Web. Two proven experts in the field give readers practical advice on getting readers and their businesses on the web.
 id : 234616 ISBN : 0553346644  | name : Arctic Dreams  |  description : An account of the history, ecology, and mystique of the arctic region.
 id : 234617 ISBN : 0060158034  | name : Crazy Heart  |  description : Fifty-seven-year-old Bad Blake, a singer, guitarist, songwriter, alcoholic, womanizer, and all-around charming reprobate, attempts to halt his decline and return to the top of the country-and-western charts
 id : 234619 ISBN : 0831739711  | name : The Great American Baking Book  |  description : This delightful collection of traditional recipes features such favorites as Apple Pie, Velvet Mocha Cream Pie, Whole Wheat Bread, Brandy Snaps, Blueberry Muffins, Date Nut Bread, Nut Lace Cookies, and many all-American treats.
 id : 234620 ISBN : 1883672066  | name : Pretend Soup and Other Real Recipes  |  description : Celebrating 25 years of vegetarian recipes and called "the gold standard for chidren's cookbooks" by the New York Times, Pretend Soup, by celebrated Moosewood chef Mollie Katzen, offers children and families easy recipes for healthy, fun, and delicious food. Mollie Katzen, renowned author of The Moosewood Cookbook, and educator Ann Henderson bring the grown-up world of real cooking to a child’s level. Children as young as three years old and as old as eight become head chef while an adult serves as guide and helper. Extensively classroom- and home-tested, these recipes are designed to inspire an early appreciation for creative, wholesome food. Whimsical watercolor critters and pictorial versions of each recipe will help the young cook understand and delight in the process. Just consider all that can be explored in the kitchen: counting, reading readiness, science awareness, self-confidence, patience, and, importantly, food literacy. Pizza, after all, does not come “from a telephone.” You and your child can have great fun finding this out!
 id : 234624 ISBN : 0205130666  | name : Readings for the 21st Century  |  description : B> This is an anthology of readings of varying lengths, styles, and points of view, all of which are unified by the common theme of the future. With lively classic and contemporary writings, this reader addresses a broad spectrum of life in the United States and how that life is changing as the global power structure shifts to other regions of the world. It invites readers to consider themselves in direct relation to the issues and problems that will face this generation. Each chapter begins with a classic essay by a well-known author in order to provide a historical perspective on the theme. What follows is a balance of work from celebrated writers like Pete Hamill, Camille Paglia, and Amy Tan, and leaders from the world of business and media including Bill Gates, Oliver Stone, and Al Gore. In addition, selections are included from fresh young writers not yet famous, but who write with authority about subjects of immediate interest to today's readers. Anyone with an interest in writing and composition.
 id : 234625 ISBN : 067160547X  | name : Life on Earth  |  description : The author "explores the themes of family, contemporary life, loss, recovery, and compromised expectations."
 id : 234626 ISBN : 0871085127  | name : Tomboy Bride  |  description : A woman's personal account of life in mining camps of the West.
 id : 234627 ISBN : 0152009914  | name : Hilda Hen's Scary Night  |  description : During her nighttime journey to the henhouse Hilda Hen finds unexpected courage within herself as she tiptoes past a snake, runs from a fox, and swims a lake.
 id : 234632 ISBN : 006017143x  | name : The Night Listener  |  description : Here is the much-anticipated new work from one of America's literary icons--a gripping novel of suspense that explores the boundaries of the human heart. Gabriel Noone is a teller of tales, a writer whose cult-hit radio serial "Noone at Night" brought him into the homes of millions, including an ailing 13-year-old boy named Pete Lomax. Meeting through extraordinary circumstances, Noone develops a remarkable friendship with Pete, a connection that evolves into a profound mystery that will blur the lines between truth and illusion, and lead Noone to confront all of his relationships--familial, romantic, and erotic--knowledge that will alter his perception of himself and his life forever. The Night Listener is Armistead Maupin's most ambitious and daringly imaginative novel, a tale that will challenge and move his many fans as never before
 id : 234633 ISBN : 0679454896  | name : The Pagoda  |  description : In this brilliantly original and exotic novel, a young writer brings to life the mysterious world of an immigrant who flees China in the 1890s to seek a better life in Jamaica.
 id : 234634 ISBN : 1878067109  | name : Uncommon Waters  |  description : A collection of writings about fishing and fisherman, all written by women.
 id : 234635 ISBN : 0395957893  | name : Suits Me  |  description : The jazz pianist Billy Tipton was born in Oklahoma City as Dorothy Tipton, but almost nobody knew the truth until the day he died. This jazz era biography evokes the rich, popular-music history of the Great Depression and reads like a detective story. 60 photos.
 id : 234637 ISBN : 0763616958  | name : Once Upon a Time--  |  description : Readers can insert press-out pieces to create their own version of the story of a princess who is granted three wishes.
 id : 234638 ISBN : 0140247092  | name : The Portable Arthur Miller  |  description : Offers four of Miller's plays and selected prose and poetry, with biographical information
 id : 234639 ISBN : 1579544266  | name : Win the Fat War for Moms  |  description : "Prevention" magazine's editor-in-chief offers this collection of stories and strategies from 120 real women to show new mothers how to lose their "baby fat". Includes advice on recovery from childbirth, breastfeeding, and weight-loss programs. Photos.
 id : 234640 ISBN : 0060530529  | name : Ten Little Eggs  |  description : In this counting book, 10 coloured eggs disappear one by one as they hatch into beautiful birds of the same colour. Plastic egg shapes can be seen through holes in the pages.
 id : 234642 ISBN : 0446610097  | name : Sunrise on the Mediterranean  |  description : When Dallas artist and time traveler Chloe Kingsley awakens in ancient Canaan dressed in her 1990s party clothes, she is mistaken for a goddess and embarks on a journey to save the ancient world from twentieth-century manipulation. Reprint.
 id : 234644 ISBN : 0964515709  | name : America and the Founding of Israel  |  description : Includes bibliographical references and index.
 id : 234646 ISBN : 0801057418  | name : The Peacemaker  |  description : Attorney Ken Sande, executive director of Peacemaker Ministries, lays out biblical principles for managing conflict and reconciling differences between individuals, following Christ's admonition that we live in peace and harmony.
 id : 234647 ISBN : 0803701640  | name : Pirate Jupiter and the Moondogs/Spaceship Mobile Included  |  description : Accompanied by his canine crew, a ruthless pirate travels from planet to planet in search of buried treasure, but he leaves his mates behind, one by one, hoping to have the riches for himself.
 id : 234648 ISBN : 1881273423  | name : The Love Languages of God  |  description : Once readers discover their primary love language in human relationships, they can assume that will also be their primary love language in relationship to God. By teaching readers to tap into divine love, Chapman helps them relate to God in a way that will totally revolutionize their will to love one another.
 id : 234649 ISBN : 1588160068  | name : Turn Your Passion Into Profits  |  description : The how-to companion book to The Business of Bliss, this book explains the basics of starting your own small business, from writing a business plan to finding financial help, hiring staff, and more.
 id : 234650 ISBN : 0884192660  | name : Praying the Scriptures  |  description : One of the most frustrating aspects of prayer is not being able to find the right words to express what dwells deep within your heart. Bringing the Scriptures into your personal prayer life can greatly expand your vocabulary with God. After reading Praying the Scriptures, you will find that the Psalms are a rich spiritual thesaurus for your praise and worship vocabulary. Learn how the prayers of Paul can expand your prayers of petition. And that the actual prayers of Jesus will give you a tailor-made vocabulary for a closer relationship with the Father.
 id : 234651 ISBN : 0844279854  | name : Vox Compact Spanish and English Dictionary  |  description : This dictionary has an up-to-date word list that gives special emphasis to everyday language, idioms, and current technical, scientific, and business terms.
 id : 234654 ISBN : 0399513450  | name : Winning Essays  |  description : Offers advice on filling out the essay part of a college application. Includes over fifty essays by successful applicants to a variety of prestigious colleges.
 id : 234657 ISBN : 1556615884  | name : Silent Thief  |  description : When Lexi's mother is diagnosed with multiple sclerosis, the family learns about the disease, seeks help from support groups, and most of all, puts their faith in God.
 id : 234659 ISBN : 0679871470  | name : Dog Years  |  description : Sally Warner's comic debut novel about the trials and tribulations of middle-school life comes to "Knopf Paperbacks. "From the Trade Paperback edition.
 id : 234661 ISBN : 0735712433  | name : 3D Graphics & Animation  |  description : Learn from the experiences of working professionals as shared through insightful interviews. This book builds on the well-received segments of the first edition to cover the basics of 3D in general terms starting with "What is 3D?" and progressing step-by-step through modeling, texturing, lighting and animation.
 id : 234662 ISBN : 0201703319  | name : PostgreSQL  |  description : The open source PostgreSQL database is soaring in popularity, as thousands of database and web professionals discover its powerful features, transaction support, performance, and industrial-strength scalability. In this book, a founding member of the PostgreSQL development team introduces everything you need to know to succeed with PostgreSQL, from basic SQL commands through database administration and optimization. PostgreSQL assumes no previous database expertise: it establishes a firm foundation of basic concepts and commands before turning to PostgreSQL's advanced, innovative capabilities. Bruce Momjian walks readers step-by-step from their first database queries through the complex queries needed to solve real-world problems. He presents proper query syntax, then explores the value and use of each key SQL commands in working applications. Learn to manipulate and update databases, customize queries, work with SQL aggregates, use joins, combine SELECTs with subqueries, work with triggers and transactions, import and export data, use PostgreSQL query tools, and more. Discover PostgreSQL techniques for server-side programming and multi-user control, and master PostgreSQL's interfaces to C, C++, ODBC, JDBC, Perl, and Tcl/TK. You'll also find detailed coverage of PostgreSQL administration, including backups, troubleshooting, and access configuration.
 id : 234663 ISBN : 0534257348  | name : Distant Mirrors  |  description : The Second Edition consists of 19 essays written by anthropologists and other scholars using an ethnographic perspective to interpret aspects of American culture. These essays enable students to understand themselves better by focusing on others in their cultures, giving anthropology a comparative perspective that provides a reflective lens for understanding ourselves in the world in which we live. The essays were chosen for their perceptiveness and readability; they avoid jargon and heavy analysis.
 id : 234664 ISBN : 0312167075  | name : The Jesuit Relations  |  description : As a 73-volume library, the original The Jesuit Relations has long been inaccessible to undergraduate students. Vitally important, the writings of seventeenth-century French Jesuits in Native North America tell the story of early American encounters. This new edition deftly binds them into a thematically arranged, 35-document sampler with a detailed introduction that provides background on these missionaries, the Indians, and their cohabitation in early North America. Colourful journal entries by such fathers as Paul LeJeune, Jean de Brébeuf, Isaac Jogues, and Jacques Marquette describe the Huron, Algonquin, Iroquois, and Montagnais peoples.
 id : 234665 ISBN : 0312096704  | name : Envisioning America  |  description : This collection of documents gives twenty-first century readers a glimpse of the time when the possibility of colonizing North America was anything but certain. Pamphlets, accounts, and engravings from the late sixteenth to the mid-seventeenth century capture the process of English colonization from its origins in promotional propaganda to its realization on the shores of North America.
 id : 234666 ISBN : 1886913102  | name : Sarajevo Days, Sarajevo Nights  |  description : "Sarajevo Days, Sarajevo Nights is an extraordinary document of life deep inside one of the world's most war-ravaged regions." "Until the spring of 1992, when she was thirty, Elma Softic led a relatively ordinary, happy, middle-class life. She lived with her parents and sister, taught philosophy at a business college, and enjoyed the typical cafe life of a cosmopolitan city." "When the Serbs began bombing that spring, Elma began a diary, her attempt to bear what seemed increasingly unbearable, to stay focused while living in a state of siege. Eventually, she "got sick of it. The war was no longer something to put oneself out for." Rather, what she needed was a listener, someone to talk to about day to day life in Sarajevo. Through ham radio correspondence, she made new friends in Zagreb, who asked her to put her observations on paper in the form of open letters. It was these letters, first passed hand to hand, then reaching an ever-larger public in Croatia and throughout Europe, that created a sensation with their eloquent, sometimes stunning descriptions of modern life - a life not unlike our own - rendered primitive by war." "Published in Canada for the first time in English and now available to readers in the United States, Sarajevo Days, Sarajevo Nights is a collection of Elma's diaries and letters, dated April 1992 to June 1995. With a novelist's eye for detail and a natural storyteller's gift for narrative, she gives clear and compelling voice to a place, a conflict and a life that are, for the most part, unthinkable, unspeakable and unimaginable."--BOOK JACKET.Title Summary field provided by Blackwell North America, Inc. All Rights Reserved
 id : 234667 ISBN : 088029275X  | name : Psmith in the City  |  description : "Psmith in the City" finds the inimitable Psmith working at a bank and determined not to let honest toil depress him.
 id : 234670 ISBN : 0425149374  | name : Rosemary Remembered  |  description : China Bayles consults a psychic for answers when she discovers a murdered woman in a pick-up truck who bears a disturbing resemblance to herself
 id : 234672 ISBN : 0802117279  | name : Twelve Bar Blues  |  description : Lick Holden, a talented but tormented young coronet player, sets out to conquer the steaming jazz scene of early twentieth-century New Orleans, in a lively novel that won the 2002 Whitbread Novel Award.
 id : 234673 ISBN : 0813511097  | name : White by Definition  |  description : "An unusual and powerful study."--Eric R. Wolf, Herbert H. Lehman College, CUNY "A profound study of the nebulous Creoles. . . . Domínguez's use of original sources . . . is scholarship at its best. . . . Her study is fascinating, thought-provoking, controversial, and without a doubt, one of the most objective analyses of Creole Louisiana. Her emphasis on social stratification and her excellent integration of ethnic and racial classification of Creoles with legal and social dynamics and individual choice of ethnic identity elucidates strikingly the continuing controversy of who and what is a Louisiana Creole."--Journal of American Ethnic History "Domínguez's most important contribution lies in her conceptualization of the problem of identity. She treats ethnic identity as something that can change over time, warning us against imposing current meanings on the past and requiring us to consider evidence of how terms were actually used in the past. . . . It is hard to imagine a frame of reference more ideally suited to historical analysis."--Louisiana History "A valuable interdisciplinary examination of the processes of racial definition in Louisiana's history. Her study combines the anthropologist's sensitivity to language and self definition within a community with a skillful exploitation of historical sources."--Law and Society "I highly recommend this book to all persons interested in social stratification."--Alvin L. Bertrand, Contemporary Sociology "A vivid and insightful reading of the historical circumstances that have shaped definitions of Creoles within Louisiana law and society."--Journal of Southern History "A provocative, often brilliant book. It offers fresh perspectives on fundamental questions and deserves a wide readership among American social historians."--Journal of American History
 id : 234674 ISBN : 0393325210  | name : Anya  |  description : Anya is a myth, an epic...[by] a writer of remarkable power.—Washington Post Anya Savikin lived among well-to-do Russian Jews in Poland, in a world more like Tolstoy's than our own, until the first bombing of Warsaw and the chaos that ensued. Her story incarnates the strength and love of eastern European Jewry, before and after their decimation. Reading group guide included.
 id : 234675 ISBN : 039305814X  | name : The Snow Fox  |  description : A great samurai and a beautiful poet fall in love in this novel of medieval Japan that examines a renewed love that's fraught by the Japanese concept of "mono no aware"--life's ephemeral nature--that weighs on the lovers.
 id : 234676 ISBN : 0452283779  | name : Price of Honor  |  description : A look at the treatment of Muslim women in the Islamic world describes the increasing repressive politics that govern their personal lives and how they are confined, isolated, and even killed to protect "male honor."
 id : 234677 ISBN : 0023933410  | name : Reporting Technical Information  |  description : BETTER WRITING AND SUCCESS AT WORK BEGIN IN YOUR CLASSROOM WITH REPORTING TECHNICAL INFORMATION, ELEVENTH EDITION, A CLASSIC TEXT WITH THOROUGHLY CONTEMPORARY CONTENT.One of the leading texts in technical writing, Reporting Technical Information introduces students to all aspects of effective professional communication, including letters, proposals, progress reports, recommendation reports, research reports, instructions, and oral reports.FEATURES OF THE ELEVENTH EDITION:* A fully integrated companion website--www.oup.com/us/houp--that offers:Additional practical resources for students: chapter overviews, sample writings, self-tests, "current topic" annotated links and additional resources, interactive tutorials, key terms and concepts, downloadable versions of important question checklists from the book, and a collaborative network (message board links and helpful WebCT and Blackboard content outlines)Resources for instructors: an Instructor's Manual and downloadable PowerPoint files for use as lecture aids (also available on CD), links to online resources including an outline of--and links to--available WebCT and Blackboard content, and writing assignments instructors have shared for "Better Writing--Success at Work"Three different types of icons throughout the book that direct students to the website for additional resources: sample documents, exercises, and further reading* New, broader approach that prepares students in a variety of science, health, business, engineering, and technical majors to develop the types of documents they will need to write in their prospective work environments* Strong focus on the rhetorical nature of writing, helping writers to understand their readers and the contexts in which their documents will be read and used, define their purpose in writing, and design documents using these issues as critical guidelines* Updated and additional coverage of current technology, including thoroughly revised chapters on document design and usability that take into account web-based documents and platforms* New opening scenarios for each chapter that demonstrate the impact of technical communication in the real world* New chapters on content management, versatility and creativity for reports, and using design and format to achieve clarity in documents* Increased coverage of ethics and international and global workplace issues* Many new example documents--more than half of the sample documents in the text are new--and more illustrative figures* More end-of-chapter exercises, including projects that encourage student interaction and collaboration, several of which are linked to an online component on the companion website
 id : 234679 ISBN : 0131667025  | name : Concepts of Ecology  |  description : This text explores the significant concepts of modern ecology using a minimum of jargon and only basic/simple mathematics. B KEY TOPICS: /I /B /U Focuses on the development of four major concepts& — including their historical background: energy flow; nutrient cycles; population ecology; and community ecology. Contains coverage of abiotic factors& — including air, insolation, precipitation, soils, nutrients, ionizing radiation, and fire; energy flow (with increased emphasis on decomposition); nutrient cycling; population ecology; and community ecology. Updates material on applied ecology/human ecology and ecological ethics.
 id : 234680 ISBN : 0871088584  | name : Stars of the First People  |  description : Presents a brief introduction to star lore in Native American beliefs and culture; describes and provides illustrations of classical Greek constellations; and features information about the cultures and star lore of various Native American tribes, organized by culture area.
 id : 234681 ISBN : 0060923792  | name : Great Short Works of Henry David Thoreau  |  description : Gathers Thoreau's essays about nature, reform, government and the rights of the individual, friendship, and the right way to live
 id : 234683 ISBN : 0515135291  | name : Unnatural Instinct  |  description : Dr. Jessica Coran faces the most terrifying challenge of her career-when her professional adversary, a criminal court judge, is kidnapped by a deranged man with an unnatural instinct for revenge...
 id : 234686 ISBN : 0312874588  | name : Keep Australia on Your Left  |  description : Narrates the journey of two men circumventing Australia by means of a two-man kayak, describing their dangerous encounters with strong currents, rough surf, crocodiles, and sharks.
 id : 234687 ISBN : 0435070053  | name : The Last Closet  |  description : Cloth Edition. By making the voices of gay and lesbian teachers audible to the American public, Kissen contributes to the growing national effort to make schools safer for these teachers and students.
 id : 234690 ISBN : 0553205714  | name : The Screwtape Letters  |  description : In this humorous and perceptive exchange between two devils, C. S. Lewis delves into moral questions about good vs. evil, temptation, repentance, and grace. Through this wonderful tale, the reader emerges with a better understanding of what it means to live a faithful life.
 id : 234691 ISBN : 0803728417  | name : The Color of Home  |  description : Hassan, newly-arrived in the United States and feeling homesick, paints a picture at school that shows his old home in Somalia as well as the reason his family had to leave.
 id : 234692 ISBN : 0871912627  | name : Muhammad Ali  |  description : A brief biography of the world heavyweight boxing champion, Muhammad Ali.
 id : 234694 ISBN : 0505519852  | name : Greenfire  |  description : As leader of her people, it was time for beautiful Nazleen to choose a mate and produce a daughter and heir. For generations, the women of her race had kept an uneasy truce with the warlike men around them. But Nazleen dreamed of a joining of spirits as well as bodies--and she dreamed of a lover with eyes the color of the sacred green fire.
 id : 234695 ISBN : 0440218527  | name : Little Deaths  |  description : An anthology of sixteen erotic horror stories includes the writings of Clive Barker, Joyce Carol Oates, Ruth Rendell, Dan Simmons, and Lucy Taylor
 id : 234696 ISBN : 1893896447  | name : Dragon Witch  |  description : Tempest Sanct Joliet, born during a dragon battle, is bonded with the golden dragon, A'dryan. Fearing she'll be labeled a witch, Tempest's father makes her promise never to use her powers. Tempest keeps her promise until she finds a mortally wounded stranger. Adrian Westbrooke lays dying until he is given human form by two meddling gods. Adrian has no memories of his past. He only knows he loves Tempest. Sardon di Mercia wants Tempest's powers and will use evil sorcery to make her his bride. To defeat the evil surrounding them, Tempest and Adrian must use all the magic and courage they possess. But only the gods can help them realize their true destiny.
 id : 234697 ISBN : 0689849842  | name : Ben Franklin and His First Kite  |  description : Two popular series, Ready-to-Read and Childhood of Famous Americans, combine to present the story of young Ben Franklin who loves doing experiments and cannot wait to test out his latest idea involving a kite! Simultaneous.
 id : 234698 ISBN : 031220308X  | name : Welding with Children  |  description : A collection of stories offers empathetic portraits of unanchored people finding love and a renewal of traditions, including a man's life-changing ride with a one-armed female hitchhiker and a camera repairman who discovers a woman's secrets in her undeveloped film. Tour.
 id : 234699 ISBN : 0743204220  | name : The Blue Valley  |  description : A collection of stories based on life in the Southern Appalachians.
 id : 234700 ISBN : 0394753429  | name : Partisans  |  description : First published in 1955, this first-rate psychological thriller tells of a young American journalist's dangerous pursuit of a deposed Communist leader down the back streets of Paris.
 id : 234701 ISBN : 0373292910  | name : Colorado Courtship  |  description : Choose A Man Or Be Left Behind!So said the code of the West for women alone on wagon trains. But newly widowed Jessica Beaumont had a baby on the way, and what kind of man would willingly take on another man's child' Apparently the rugged, handsome kind, for wagon-train scout Finn Carson staked his claim on her early ... and swore never to let go!Finn Carson Was An Honest Manwho honestly wanted Jessica Beaumont to cherish and love forever. But would this fetching beauty accept him if she discovered his connection to the danger stalking her' Or would their chance at happiness be lost before it was truly found'
 id : 234702 ISBN : 0826203175  | name : A Journal of the Seasons on an Ozark Farm  |  description : "First published in 1956, Leonard Hall's A Journal of the Seasons on an Ozark Farm is an affectionate chronicle of the round of the season on a working farm in the eastern Missouri Ozarks. Hall, a naturalist and newspaperman, describes such homely farm chores as dehorning a calf so clearly that one paragraph teaches just how the work is done. His accounts of the events that mark the changing seasons--migrating geese, budding trees, hunting, fishing, butchering, and simply walking through fields and woods--are remarkable for their unpretentious nostalgic beauty"--from back cover.
 id : 234703 ISBN : 0972437711  | name : Best of Ellora's Cave  |  description : THE SWITCH Built like a Viking of old, modern day warrior Sean Lindstrom is a veteran of The Gulf War and countless other excursions. This powerful man, a widower for six years but celibate for twelve, is about to have his ultimate fantasy fulfilled. A chance encounter at a bookstore has left businesswoman Beth Nakamura feeling hot and bothered. After a broken engagement tore her life into pieces, Beth is not looking for a commitment, just a night to remember. But seeing the untapped passions in Sean, she is helpless to resist such a lure and offers him a weekend in which to indulge their mutual desires. "Author Diane Whiteside grabs your attention and keeps it to the very last page in THE SWITCH." - Michelle Gann, The Word on Romance "I loved this book. Whiteside has created a hero and a heroine with believable pasts and motivations... Whiteside has captured the volcanic passion that a scene can arouse, and the amazing tenderness between Dom and sub." - Gillian Fitzgerald for Sensual Romance OATH OF SEDUCTION: SEDUCING SHARON Sharon took an oath at the idealistic age of eighteen to mate with an unknown alien from another planet, never expecting the alien to actually show up and invoke it eleven years later. A librarian with a love for the orderly and ordinary, she prefers a calm, quiet existence. Surprises are life's way of indicating you did not plan well enough. Liken is a warrior cop from Shimeria. He is six feet seven inches of walking, talking sex personified. Having been inside Sharon's head he knows her deepest fantasies, and knows that she is the perfect mate for him. But first he has to seduce her... "I highly recommend this book to anyone who enjoys their romance hot. A 6'7"psychic alien cop with black hair and piercing blue eyes who wants to make all your fantasies come true...what's not to like?" - B. Small, Paranormal Romance ..".a sizzling read guaranteed to raise your temperature." - Terri Figueroa, Romance Reviews Today
 id : 234704 ISBN : 1577944445  | name : Never Lose Heart  |  description : Effective October 1, 2002, Joyce Meyer's bestselling backlist is available exclusively from Warner Faith. And look for the first of several new major books from Joyce beginning in April 2003. Download the free Joyce Meyer author app.
 id : 234705 ISBN : 1577485904  | name : My Utmost for His Highest  |  description : Enjoy the inspiration and encouragement of Oswald Chambers's timeless, well-loved collection of Scripture-based devotions, plus daily prayers!
 id : 234706 ISBN : 0441798179  | name : Target  |  description : When an extraterrestrial visitor lands on the moon seeking political asylum, everyone is caught up in studying the creature--while the alien's hunters follow close behind, ready to kill anything that stands in their way
 id : 234707 ISBN : 0312490038  | name : Baby Grip: Happy Baby Colors  |  description : -Ideal for 0-18 months. -Unique shape design that babies love to grip. -Ideal introduction to first concepts.
 id : 234708 ISBN : 0800636937  | name : Why Jesus Died  |  description : For all who wonder what really happened in the passion and death of Jesus, this book will profice compelling information and resources - including study questions and suggestion for futher reading. -- back cover.
 id : 234712 ISBN : 0061009474  | name : The Emigrants  |  description : Tony Hillerman endorses this richly evocative new series that portrays the day-to-day lives of Native Americans in the west during a volatile time of betrayals great and small. The Fort Laramie Treaty of 1851 called for a reallocation of tribal lands in the Plains. Anticipating that the U.S. Government would make good on its promise of hefty sums to make up for their loss of property, a number of tribes stood on the threshold of history. - Englade is an Edgar Award-nominated author.
 id : 234713 ISBN : 0064441202  | name : Small Pig  |  description : No mud! Small Pig loves to sit in good, soft mud. When the farmer's wife cleans his pigpen, Small Pig runs away. In the city he finds a new mud puddle—but it is not full of mud at all. And now Small Pig has one big problem!
 id : 234714 ISBN : 0933849605  | name : Don't Despair on Thursdays!  |  description : Examines, in simple text, how to deal with feelings of grief when people or pets die, or when friends move away.
 id : 234715 ISBN : 0060984244  | name : Food--Your Miracle Medicine  |  description : Food -- Your Miracle Medicine is the breakthrough book on food and health for the nineties. This comprehensive guide, based on more than 10,000 scientific studies, reveals how you can use the extraordinary powers of food to prevent and alleviate such common maladies as headaches and hay fever, as well as to ward off major killers, including heart disease and cancer. Jean Carper, the bestselling author of The Food Pharmacy, has now translated the amazing new discoveries about the medical powers of food into practical advice and information that you can use every day to conquer disease, increase your mental energy, and live longer. A carrot a day could slash your risk of stroke by 70 percent. Ginger can stop migraine headaches and nausea. Half an avocado a day can dramatically improve your blood cholesterol. Brazil nut may improve your mood. Brazil nuts may improve your mood. Tea helps prevent stroke, heart disease, and cancer. A food allergy may be the cause of your fatigue.
 id : 234716 ISBN : 0670806579  | name : Intimate Play  |  description : A Harvard-trained psychiatrist reveals the crucial connection between a capacity for playfulness--for intimate and spontaneous fun--and falling and staying in love.
 id : 234719 ISBN : 0375703314  | name : The Last King of Scotland  |  description : Shortly after his arrival in Uganda, Scottish doctor Nicholas Garrigan is called to the scene of a bizarre accident: Idi Amin, careening down a dirt road in his red Maserati, has run over a cow. When Garrigan tends to Amin, the dictator, in his obsession for all things Scottish, appoints him as his personal physician. And so begins a fateful dalliance with the central African leader whose Emperor Jones-style autocracy would transform into a reign of terror. In The Last King of Scotland Foden's Amin is as ridiculous as he is abhorrent: a grown man who must be burped like an infant, a self-proclaimed cannibalist who, at the end of his 8 years in power, would be responsible for 300,000 deaths. And as Garrigan awakens to his patient's baroque barbarism--and his own complicity in it--we enter a venturesome meditation on conscience, charisma, and the slow corruption of the human heart. Brilliantly written, comic and profound, The Last King of Scotland announces a major new talent.
 id : 234721 ISBN : 1900850567  | name : The Twins  |  description : Twin sisters are separated in childhood but reunited in later life when they discover they were on opposing sides in the war.
 id : 234722 ISBN : 0553273760  | name : Hope and Help for Your Nerves  |  description : Dr. Weekes explains the causes and symptoms of nervous illness and guides the individual in coping successfully with the effects of anxiety
 id : 234724 ISBN : 1585746843  | name : Living Wild and Domestic  |  description : The question of what constitutes effective health communication has been addressed mainly by scholars working in American and European cultural contexts. Many people who could benefit most from effective health communication, however, come from different cultures. A prime example is the threat posed by HIV/AIDS to the people of South Africa. Although it is generally acknowledged that health communication needs to be tailored to the target audience s characteristics with cultural background being one of the most salient ones, little research has been done on how to achieve this. In this book, we bring together leading scholars in the field of health communication as well as communication scholars from South Africa. As such, it can serve as an example of the promises and the limitations of general health communication theories to local praxis as well as provide guidelines for the development of better health communication in South Africa.
 id : 234725 ISBN : 0816713111  | name : Mysterious Case Case  |  description : Fenton P. Smith and his trusty partner (and best friend) Gerald Grubbs are the Determined Detectives, dedicated mystery-solvers.
 id : 234726 ISBN : 0394850017  | name : No More Magic  |  description : While searching for his bicycle that disappeared on Halloween, a young boy and his two friends become involved in a magic adventure.
 id : 234729 ISBN : 0828012741  | name : He Taught Love  |  description : A beautiful devotional on the parables of Christ.; Jesus' prescription for happiness in today's hectic world.; Stress-relieving and inspiring stories.; Thousands of readers have found strength in these pages to deal with life's many problems. - Stories With a Point; Sowing the Good Seed; What Makes It Grow?; Weeds in Your Garden; The Smallest Seed; Partnership With Power; Guaranteed Justice; The Little Lost Lamb; The Runaway; No Warning From the Grave; The Wedding Garment; The Wise Embezzler; Are You My Neighbor?; To Meet the Bridegroom
 id : 234731 ISBN : 1569471320  | name : The Running Woman  |  description : Gabriel doesn't know who would have sent her this news. Or the subsequent envelopes containing information about the death of young Carol Zamia. But she was wearing a cream-colored suit and had walked near the bridge that night. Now the police, the town, everyone, seems to suspect her of complicity in the girl's death. Either she pushed Carol or, aware of an accident, she failed to rescue her. Gabriel's efforts to free herself from suspicion only arouse more doubts as to her innocence, even in those who want most to believe in her.
 id : 234733 ISBN : 0380773716  | name : Midnight Rain  |  description : Determined to break the heart of saloon singer and former debutante Alana Fairchild and thus avenge his brother, California rancher Trey Matthews finds himself falling for the devotion of his unsuspecting new bride. Original.
 id : 234734 ISBN : 0515091715  | name : Unfinished Portrait  |  description : A passing stranger prevents a young woman from taking her own life in a dramatic story by Agatha Christie, who wrote under the name Mary Westmacott between 1930 and 1956.
 id : 234735 ISBN : 0821759906  | name : Emerald Embrace  |  description : Terrified at losing her beloved sibling to her cruel guardian, Miranda flees with the boy to a remote island off the coast of Washington. There, she accepts a position as governess to a wheelchair-bound girl who is plagued by nightmares of her mother's mysterious disappearance, and whose father, the electrifying Luc Benedict, fills Miranda with emotions she has never felt before.
 id : 234737 ISBN : 0375507086  | name : Too Close to Call  |  description : From the best-selling author of A Vast Conspiracy and The Run of His Life comes Too Close to Call--the definitive story of the Bush-Gore presidential recount. A political and legal analyst of unparalleled journalistic skill, Jeffrey Toobin is the ideal writer to distill the events of the thirty-six anxiety-filled days that culminated in one of the most stunning Supreme Court decisions in history. Packed with news-making disclosures and written with the drive of a legal thriller, Too Close to Call takes us inside James Baker's private jet, through the locked gates to Al Gore's mansion, behind the covered-up windows of Katherine Harris's office, and even into the secret conference room of the United States Supreme Court. As the scene shifts from Washington to Austin and into the remote corners of the enduringly strange Sunshine State, Toobin's book will transform what you thought you knew about the most extraordinary political drama in American history. The Florida recount unfolded in a kaleidoscopic maze of bizarre concepts (chads, pregnant and otherwise), unfamiliar people in critically important positions (the Florida Supreme Court), and familiar people in surprising new places (the Miami relatives of Elian Gonzalez, in a previously undisclosed role in this melodrama). With the rich characterization that is his trademark, Toobin portrays the prominent strategists who masterminded the campaigns--the Daleys and the Roves--and also the lesser-known but influential players who pulled the strings, as well as the judges and justices whose decisions determined the final outcome. Toobin gives both camps a treatment they have not yet received--remarkably evenhanded, nonpartisan, andentirely new. The post-election period posed a challenge to even the most zealous news junkie: how to keep up with what was happening and sort out the important from the trivial. Jeffrey Toobin has now done this--and then some. With clarity, insight, humor, and a deep understanding of the law, he deconstructs the events, the players, and the often Byzantine intricacies of our judicial system. A remarkable account of one of the most significant periods in our country's history, Too Close to Call is endlessly surprising, frequently poignant, and wholly addictive.
 id : 234739 ISBN : 0446351148  | name : Edgar Cayce Reader  |  description : Presents interesting extracts from the Cayce readings together with interpretive studies by physicians and laymen
 id : 234748 ISBN : 1405200618  | name : How to Write Really Badly  |  description : Chester Howard can't believe it He's been to all sorts of schools as his mother's jobs moved round the world, but never anywhere as awful as Walbottle Manor (Mixed). Everyone's so horribly nice, recommending him for blackboard duty, playing little skipping games at break. It's just awful. And Chester just has to get to work on the boy sitting next to him, Joe Gardener. He knows he's clever - Joe can build incredible models - but he can't get to grips with his school work and his desk is a mess beyond belief. Miss Tate's 'How to...' projects supply Chester with an opportunity, and he starts Joe on a subversive project 'How to Write Really Badly'. For once, instead of battling through work he just doesn't begin to understand, this is something at which Joe excels. And Chester has his own project - he makes sure Joe's amazing technical abilities get a class award, and creates a book where Joe can mark off every one of the 1646 days he has left of school, before he can be free to do the things he's really good at.
 id : 234749 ISBN : 0830816623  | name : Naturally Gifted  |  description : To help all who still search for that good fit of gifts, interests and opportunities, Gordon and Rosemary Jones offer a step-by-step workbook designed to lead you further further and further along the road to self-discovery. 168 pages, paper
 id : 234750 ISBN : 068481496X  | name : A Queer Kind of Umbrella  |  description : "A Pharoah Love mystery".
 id : 234754 ISBN : 0307231062  | name : The Count Counts a Party  |  description : The Count finds many things to count while preparing for a come-as-you-are party at his castle.
 id : 234756 ISBN : 0590066552  | name : Star Wars  |  description : Fifteen stills from the original Star Wars movie, including captions.
 id : 234757 ISBN : 0590407821  | name : How to Care for Your Monster  |  description : Humorous instructions help youngsters find a monster and keep it healthy and happy.
 id : 234758 ISBN : 0671640798  | name : Lovingkindness  |  description : From the acclaimed author of "Fruitful" comes a novel of the love between a mother and daughter. Annie Johnson has worked hard to raise her daughter, Andrea. She is shocked, therefore, when 22-year-old Andrea calls from Israel and announces that she has joined an extreme right-wing Orthodox Jewish group and will be seeking an arranged marriage.
 id : 234759 ISBN : 0671833804  | name : Surrender the Seasons  |  description : "It was a time of promises and dreams... when young Jack Taylor left his New York home to seek his fortune in the Golden Gate City... to find Lilly, who would tie hime forever to San Francisco... through the great blaze of the Chicago fire, the civilizing of the West, and the devastation of San Francisco earthquake, their strange and haunting love would endure--to rise again out of the ashes of past loves, to fulfill the promise of a dream"--P. [4] of cover.
 id : 234761 ISBN : 0929261518  | name : Cartooning: Animation 1 with Preston Blair  |  description : "Let world-renowned animator Preston Blair introduce you to the magical world of cartooning and animation! Whether youÆre creating traditional or computer art, you'll find valuable information in this book, which covers the most important aspects of cartooning, such as working out layouts, planning scenes, and synchronizing mouth action. It also provides instruction on drawing a variety of believable animated characters, with tips on using lines of action to create realistic motion. Widely considered one of the best cartooning references available, this book is an essential library addition for every aspiring animator."
 id : 234762 ISBN : 1556612443  | name : Florian's Gate  |  description : The author of The Presence, The Maestro, and Promises to Keep offers a fascinating story blending a family epic with mystery and romance. A war-torn Polish family comes to terms with their circumstances and the choices that have separated them for 50 years.
 id : 234763 ISBN : 0816741360  | name : Invasion of the Appleheads  |  description : Robin and Andy must find a way to lift a witch's curse on Appleton after their parents drink poisoned cider and turn into shrunken applehead dolls
 id : 234764 ISBN : 0679936106  | name : The Berenstain Bears and the Nerdy Nephew  |  description : Illus. in black-and-white. When Professor Actual Factual's nephew Ferdy comes to town, the cubs try to make him feel at home--but he's a stuck-up nerd! Then Ferdy realizes that he needs the cubs, and everyone learns to respect one another for their own special talents.
 id : 234765 ISBN : 0373023634  | name : Forgotten Bride  |  description : Forgotten Bride by Gwen Westwood released on Aug 25, 1980 is available now for purchase.
 id : 234766 ISBN : 1551660385  | name : Strangers in Paradise  |  description : Alexi had come to the old Florida estate to heal the wounds left by a bad marriage. But instead of tranquility, she'd found danger. Someone was stalking her, tampering with the lights and making unsettling telephone calls. Alexi was convinced she could handle it. But Rex Morrow wasn't. As her self-appointed protector and neighbor, he suspected she was in real danger.
 id : 234767 ISBN : 0373025238  | name : Lesson in Love  |  description : Lesson In Love by Claudia Jameson released on Nov 24, 1982 is available now for purchase.
 id : 234768 ISBN : 0821750704  | name : White Lace  |  description : Fleeing England to escape from a man she believes is Jack the Ripper, Tallie Edwards finds herself in the Blue Ridge Mountains of Tennessee with Storm Phillips, a man determined to clear his name of a crime he did not commit. Original.
 id : 234769 ISBN : 0595217451  | name : Mina's Journal  |  description : Mina's Journal is a quirky, sexy vampire tale with a new spin on the legends of yore. Over one hundred years old and still going strong, Mina thinks she knows it all. But what this self-centered vampiress doesn't know could fill a book. Out on her own after years in captivity, Mina forgets her old world sensibilities and lets her needs and desires take control. It isn't too long before she is caught up in a web of sex, lies, and betrayal. Can the living dead learn the true meaning of existence? Join Mina as she struggles to figure out the meaning of it all, before it's too late.
 id : 234772 ISBN : 0968677606  | name : Bloodlover  |  description : It's London, England, in the 1960s and anything goes. Julien has been around for almost 500 years, and most of that time he's been alone. To Jeanette, in her shallow world, Julien is just another man to be manipulated. Two of the most popular characters in the vampire series "Power of the Blood" meet in this novel of passion and violence, intrigue and revenge.
 id : 234773 ISBN : 0486220729  | name : Roots of Contemporary American Architecture  |  description : The evolution of the American tradition in architecture is related to domestic elements and to forces originating outside the United States
 id : 234774 ISBN : 1587670496  | name : Darkness, Darkness  |  description : A small group of human survivors are up against a fearless and powerful race for control of what is left of Earth.
 id : 234777 ISBN : 030712603X  | name : Baby Colt  |  description : CHILDREN'S BOOKS/AGES 4-8
 id : 234778 ISBN : 0062503375  | name : The Civilization of the Goddess  |  description : Presents evidence for the existence of an agrarian earth goddess- worshiping civilization in Old Europe that was destroyed by horse-riding, patriarchal, sky-god-worshiping warriors from the east. A panoramic survey of the Neolithic culture of Europe before the Indo-Europeans. With over 600 photographs, drawings, maps, and charts.
 id : 234780 ISBN : 0821221159  | name : Sanctuaries of the Goddess  |  description : The accompanying text takes readers deep into the past, offering glimpses of rites and rituals half-hidden in the shadows of history and illuminating the mysteries of the ancient Goddess for the present day.
 id : 234782 ISBN : 0843924683  | name : Evil Offspring  |  description : Elizabeth Porter and her family are haunted by the presence in their house of an indefinable nightmare creature of limitless energy and infinite evil
 id : 234786 ISBN : 0553151932  | name : Danny, the Champion Pony  |  description : Janie sets aside personal problems in order to concentrate on turning a handsome but lame pony into the champion she believes he is.
 id : 234787 ISBN : 0373026137  | name : The Silver Flame  |  description : The Silver Flame by Margaret Pargeter released on Feb 23, 1984 is available now for purchase.
 id : 234790 ISBN : 0911226273  | name : Using Your Brain--for a Change  |  description : Bandler covers a lot of ground in this book - in his unique style - and provides real insight into areas such as sub-modalities and multiple perspectives in a fairly short period (157 pages). The content is edited notes from a series of Bandler workshops (in a similar vein to Frogs into Princes and Trance-Formations). The book begins with an overview of NLP - making particular reference to the "new" submodality patterns (the book was written in 1985) and presenting these as a faster and more powerful way of creating personal change. Subsequent chapters provide a humorous exploration of many of the traditional approaches to personal change and outline many useful guiding principles (structure versus content etc) for the application of NLP to personal change. The author makes repeated reference to a number of epistemological issues underlying traditional psychological approaches that tend to focus on "what's wrong, when you broke, ... what broke you, ... and why you broke." He goes on to state that "psychologists have never been interested in how you broke, or how you continue to maintain the state of being broken." NLP on the other hand, Bandler asserts, assumes people work perfectly and that people are just doing something different from what we (or they) want to have happen. This provides a clear indication of the approach adopted in the remainder of the book, and suggests that the focus of NLP on subjective experience (as the study of subjective experience) is entirely valid and necessary. Bandler provides a convincing argument for tailoring all our change work to the individual - purely because each individual is unique. The book continues with a useful and insightful exploration of a number of techniques (including the fast phobia cure, contrastive analysis in belief change, integrated anchors and Swish,) as well as discussion of more general (and generative) strategies for learning and motivation.
 id : 234793 ISBN : 0743406990  | name : Soul Trade  |  description : Some people collect baseball cards, some people collect Beanie Babies... some people collect souls. A vision of a young girl in pain leads Angel, Doyle and Cordelia to the scene just moments too late - the girl of the vision is being taken unconscious to hospital. The only clue as to what could have happened to her is an ornate glass vial found at the foot of her bed, which Doyle recognises as used for the containment of human souls. It seems souls have many uses (other than the obvious): no two are alike, and the soul of an innocent child is one of the most eagerly sought-after items on the demonic black market. Angel knows the value of a human soul, for his is the source of his own salvation. But can he find this young girl's in time to save her? Nor is she the only one in danger. For no sooner has Angel made his presence known than the demonic dealers in souls realise that there's another soul out there which is quite literally priceless...a soul more unique than they could ever have dared to dream...
 id : 234794 ISBN : 0743407016  | name : Bruja  |  description : Even the streetwise populace of Los Angeles is stunned when a priest is attacked by a woman who confesses to the murder of her own son. At the same time, Angel Investigations turns up reports of a madwoman who appears at gang fights, playgrounds and flophouses frequented by teenage runaways... She seems to be everywhere. She is a 'bruja' - a witch - and the living embodiment of La Llorona - the 'weeping woman' who plays such a central role in Spanish lore. Wherever she is, a trail of death follows her. The priest lapses into a coma. Doyle is wracked by visions of a young mother and her son in danger, down by the dockside. Cordelia finds herself on the trail of a film producer's missing wife. It is up to Angel to find the connection between them before he is stopped by the phantom whose touch brings death...and all of them are running out of time.
 id : 234798 ISBN : 0451134796  | name : The Pink Parasol  |  description : Lovely young Cecily Merton barters her hand in marriage to pay off her father's enormous gambling debt, but her heart belongs to Marcus Anstruther, a man who offers her everything except what she most desperately needs
 id : 234800 ISBN : 0394906160  | name : Man O' War  |  description : A fictionalized account of the famous Man o' War house, and of the famous races he ran.
 id : 234801 ISBN : 0553354590  | name : The 30 Day Fat-burner Workout  |  description : A guide to losing fat and keeping it off presents a safe and effective three-part program that includes moderate intensity fat-burning exercises, muscle-building work, and a well-balanced and nutritious food plan. Original. 125,000 first printing.
 id : 234802 ISBN : 0785746277  | name : Black Gold  |  description : A heroic small-boned horse with a will to win is finally ridden to glory by his devoted jockey
 id : 234804 ISBN : 037302746X  | name : A Lake in Kyoto  |  description : A Lake In Kyoto by Marjorie Lewty released on Dec 25, 1985 is available now for purchase.
 id : 234806 ISBN : 0899669476  | name : Billy and Blaze  |  description : A little boy who loves horses gets a special birthday present.
 id : 234807 ISBN : 0590410954  | name : Leaf Magic and Five Other Favorites  |  description : Six stories explore the magic of a child's world--including the title story in which Michael dreams of a dog as he runs home from school, then notices a huge orange leaf following him
 id : 234808 ISBN : 0394811992  | name : The Ear Book  |  description : What fun it is to hear popcorn popping, flutes tooting, hands clapping, and fingers snapping.
 id : 234809 ISBN : 0440403901  | name : Red Herrings  |  description : The turtles swim into action when their enemy, the Shredder, starts causing trouble in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean.
 id : 234810 ISBN : 0380808927  | name : For Duty and Honor  |  description : After a brutal terrorist attack during the Persian Gulf war, Admiral Heater Robinson of America's Navy flagship launches an unauthorized counterattack, placing CIA operative and U.S. Navy SEAL Rick Holden, who is subsequently ordered to assassinate Robinson, in a painful moral dilemma. Original.
 id : 234811 ISBN : 0060283807  | name : The Night Before Christmas  |  description : The well-known poem about an important Christmas Eve visitor.
 id : 234812 ISBN : 0373026854  | name : Love's Good Fortune  |  description : Love's Good Fortune by Louise Harris released on Feb 22, 1985 is available now for purchase.
 id : 234814 ISBN : 0394899431  | name : An Ear for Danger  |  description : The Three Investigators, just turned seventeen, win a free trip to Mexico and find themselves on an unexpected quest for treasure in the Sierra Madre.
 id : 234815 ISBN : 037302715X  | name : Big Sur  |  description : Big Sur by Elizabeth Graham released on Jul 25, 1985 is available now for purchase.
 id : 234816 ISBN : 067056172X  | name : A Pocket for Corduroy  |  description : 2018 marks the 50th anniversary of Corduroy, Don Freeman's story of a beloved teddy bear and his friend Lisa, which has sold millions of copies and delighted children all over the world. In this sequel to Corduroy, Lisa takes her toy bear to a Laundromat, where he goes on a soapy adventure!
 id : 234817 ISBN : 043928337X  | name : Clifford's Hiccups  |  description : When Clifford develops the hiccups, his friends try to find a cure.
 id : 234819 ISBN : 0307604969  | name : Colors are Nice  |  description : Many colors are perfect all by themselves and just where they are, but some people like mixed-up colors best.
 id : 234821 ISBN : 1562825402  | name : Disney's: Winnie the Pooh's: Halloween  |  description : A collection of children's books on the subject of Halloween.
 id : 234822 ISBN : 0870444247  | name : Giants from the Past  |  description : Traces the development of the first mammals, many of which grew to giant proportions in order to survive the cold temperatures and violent changes of the Ice Age.
 id : 234825 ISBN : 0307103250  | name : The Fuzzy Duckling  |  description : Alice and Martin Provensen’s illustrations are so delightful that children will want to join the fuzzy duckling on his stroll through the countryside, meeting animals along the way. This adorable counting story by Jane Werner Watson is as fresh today as it was in 1949.
 id : 234827 ISBN : 0345367855  | name : Living Recovery  |  description : The familiar words "life goes on" describes the challenging realities we must face when we begin recovering from an addiction. All the pamphlets in the bestselling Hazelden Pocket Power series are collected in this volume to provide inspiration and support and help the recovering individual deal with the different stages encountered in the recovery process.
 id : 234828 ISBN : 0130869007  | name : Object-oriented Programming with Java  |  description : For an undergraduate course in Object-Oriented Programming or a course in Intermediate Java Programming. Appealing to programmers and non-programmers alike, this complete introduction to Java shows students how to use this versatile and popular object-oriented programming language as a primary tool in many different aspects of their programming work (not just for creating programs with graphical content within Web pages), and includes complete descriptions of the fundamental elements of Java with step-by-step instructions on how to compile and run a program. Well-organized, clearly written, and visually engaging, it gives students real hands-on experience as it guides them through all of Java's functions and capabilities reinforcing their understanding with periodic reviews and helping them see Java's everyday applicability through many interesting case studies. Emphasizing the importance of good programming style particularly the need to maintain an object's integrity from outside interference it teaches students how to harness the power of Java in object-oriented programming, and enables them to create their own interesting and practical every-day applications.
 id : 234830 ISBN : 0806616539  | name : Sex, Love, Or Infatuation  |  description : With almost 300,000 copies in print, Sex, Love, or Infatuation has become "must reading" for both teens and young adults. Now, this revised, up-to-date edition includes the latest information on AIDS, sexually-transmitted diseases, and other important topics.
 id : 234831 ISBN : 0525387382  | name : Runaway Stallion  |  description : Jeff is considered a "clodhopper" by youngsters in the ranching community but his luck changes after he conquers his own fears in a search for a magnificent red stallion.
 id : 234833 ISBN : 0966002474  | name : Change Almost Anything in 21 Days  |  description : CHANGE ALMOST ANYTHING IN 21 DAYS is a unique book with simple, proven techniques that can help the reader change. It has been scientifically proven that positive words can alter the chemistry of one's brain, changing how we feel and how we approach life. It has been also proven that changing our thinking and habits require 21 days. The techniques in this book have been taught by the author to thousands of people for over 20 years.
 id : 234834 ISBN : 0394906071  | name : The Island Stallion's Fury  |  description : Pitch and Steve's secret island valley is discovered and invaded by a hard and vicious man, who is a threat to the island stallion and his band.
 id : 234835 ISBN : 0312204884  | name : A Pocket Style Manual  |  description : Clarity, grammar, punctuation and mechanics, research sources, MLA, APA, Chicago, and usage/grammatical terms.
 id : 234837 ISBN : 0130261610  | name : Rapid Java Application Development Using JBuilder 3  |  description : Comprehensive and incremental, this text focuses on rapid Java application development. The early chapters introduces JavaBeans-the basis of rapid Java application development; while subsequent chapters apply-step-by-step- rapid application development techniques to build comprehensive, robust and useful graphics applications, database and client/server applications, and distributed applications.
 id : 234838 ISBN : 0534352634  | name : Precalculus  |  description : The Eighth Edition of this well respected text - part of Swokowski/Cole series of mathematics texts - features updated discussions to enable students to more easily understand the mathematical concepts; new exercises that require students to estimate, approximate, interpret a result, write a summary, create a model, explore, or find a generalization; and more examples and exercises that use graphing calculators. These changes have been incorporated without sacrificing the mathematical soundness that has been paramount to the success of this text and series.
 id : 234842 ISBN : 0688220576  | name : Busybody Nora  |  description : Relates the adventures of an inquisitive little girl who lives in a large apartment building in New York with her parents and little brother Teddy.
 id : 234843 ISBN : 0534355633  | name : Single Variable Calculus  |  description : This best-selling text differs from Calculus, 4/e in that the exponential and logarithmic functions are covered earlier. These functions are introduced in the first chapter and their limits and derivatives are found in Chapters 2 and 3 at the same time as polynomials and the other elementary functions.
 id : 234844 ISBN : 0373109695  | name : To Speak of Love  |  description : To Speak Of Love by Claudia Jameson released on Feb 20, 1987 is available now for purchase.
 id : 234845 ISBN : 0139364285  | name : An Introduction to Programming Using Visual Basic 6.0  |  description : This text has been updated to cover Visual Basic 6 and Microsoft's Internet Transfer Control 5. It includes a discussion of VB Script 2.0. The work also covers debugging, on-line help and error-trapping.
 id : 234847 ISBN : 0201357437  | name : Problem Solving with Java  |  description : This book presents a careful balance between traditional problem-solving techniques and object-oriented design. The book conveys the relationship between good problem-solving skills and effective software development by consistently applying a proven software development method that has been adapted to the object-oriented paradigm. The authors employ several features to enhance the usefulness of this book as a teaching tool. These include syntax displays, program style displays, end-of-section exercises, examples, case studies, error discussions, and chapter reviews. Also, interviews with famous computer scientists provide glimpses into various careers in computer science.
 id : 234848 ISBN : 0830820124  | name : Witnessing  |  description : Six studies, based on Paul Little's popular How to Give Away Your Faith, deepen your understanding of the essentials of faith and strengthen your confidence as you talk with others about the very best news of all.
 id : 234850 ISBN : 0793821568  | name : Guide to Owning a Rabbit  |  description : In this small guidebook, you will find all the information you need to get started in this hobby, either as a one-bunny owner, an exhibitor, or a potential breeder.
 id : 234851 ISBN : 1562391593  | name : The Dream Child  |  description : Alice tries to prevent Freddy, a monstrous mass murderer, from possessing the soul of her unborn child. Sequel to "The Dream Master."
 id : 234853 ISBN : 1569714827  | name : Ring of Fire  |  description : "Buffy" TV writer Petrie showcases his supernatural talent in this never-before-published graphic novel about the darkest period in Buffy's life--when Angel, the man she loves, becomes a monster she must destroy.
 id : 234854 ISBN : 084394627X  | name : Landing Party  |  description : The crew of a Navy destroyer is sent to retrieve a hijacked Libyan helicopter containing a CIA agent and a defecting Libyan major who knows where a group of Americans is being held hostage. But when the helicopter is shot down and only the agent survives, the mission gets complicated.
 id : 234855 ISBN : 0962847216  | name : Haunted Ohio II  |  description : Old and new ghost stories from around Ohio.
 id : 234856 ISBN : 0027109909  | name : Are You There God? It's Me, Margaret  |  description : Margaret Simon, almost twelve, has just moved from New York City to the suburbs, and she's anxious to fit in with her new friends. When she's asked to join a secret club she jumps at the chance. But when the girls start talking about boys, bras, and getting their first periods, Margaret starts to wonder if she's normal. There are some things about growing up that are hard for her to talk about, even with her friends. Lucky for Margaret, she's got someone else to confide in . . . someone who always listens.
 id : 234857 ISBN : 0373107579  | name : Untamed  |  description : Untamed by Carole Mortimer released on Nov 23, 1984 is available now for purchase.
 id : 234858 ISBN : 0394829360  | name : Thriller Diller  |  description : The seventeen-year-old Investigators try to locate a film star kidnapped during the filming of a horror movie.
 id : 234859 ISBN : 3822872199  | name : Claude Monet, 1840-1926  |  description : Illustrated with reproductions of his paintings, this book discusses the works of Monet, from his early artistic leanings to his accomplishments that would have a decisive influence on the modern art of the 20th century.
 id : 234860 ISBN : 0140315330  | name : After the Goat Man  |  description : An overweight, sensitive boy gains the insight and strength to overcome his problems through his search for and discovery of a friend's grandfather, known as the Goat Man.
 id : 234861 ISBN : 0300077491  | name : Monet in the 20th Century  |  description : An illustrated examination of Monet's work between 1900 and 1926, which sets the paintings in a personal as well as an historical context. The authors also assess the artists public persona and his personal and professional strategies. The text is designed to accompany an exhibition at the Boston Museum of Fine Arts in September 1998.
 id : 234862 ISBN : 0810926105  | name : Monet  |  description : A mix of art history and garden theory provides a look at the late masterworks of Monet.
 id : 234864 ISBN : 0373027788  | name : Return to Faraway  |  description : Return To Faraway by Valerie Parv released on May 23, 1986 is available now for purchase.
 id : 234865 ISBN : 0307119262  | name : Splish-Splash Sounds  |  description : Brief text and labeled illustrations introduce sounds associated with different machines, animals, people, and activities.
 id : 234866 ISBN : 0440406676  | name : Fox Tale  |  description : Donkey, Crow, and Rabbit join forces to prevent Fox from swindling Bear out of a jar of honey.
 id : 234870 ISBN : 0394873823  | name : The Three Investigators in The Mystery of the Creep-show Crooks  |  description : The Three Investigators tangle with a couple of shady producers of horror films when they try to track down a runaway teenager.
 id : 234872 ISBN : 1553950852  | name : The Outer Realm  |  description : Ben Johnson and his best fried, Jim Clark, two regular teenagers from the town of Silver Oak, California, decided to take a trip to their town's amusement park for a way to relax from the hectic school year, and the start of a much-needed summer vacation. Along the way home, they stumble down a treacherous decline, where their lives take a turn for the worst. Once they regain consciousness from their fall, their truest adventure begins, for nothing they've ever gone through was quite this rough. Finding themselves entrapped upon a dusty, dirt road that leads endlessly through the Outer Realm, their long-term friendship is put to the ultimate test while being controlled by the realm's unseen keeper. Ben and Jim later discover that their main goal is to destroy the evil entity before they find an eternal home for their spirits among the Outer Realm's desolate wasteland. Meanwhile, in the town of Silver Oak, both Jim and Ben's parents try to live through each day in fear and senility, waiting for their children to return home. The spirit of the Outer Realm's demonic keeper lingers in the neighborhood, having a spiritual connection with a kind, elderly gentlemen. By doing so, the evil spirit is able to cross over between worlds to wreak his havoc. The mystery of Silver Oaks ongoing nightmare resembles the epitome of an unearthly nature, as the town's authorities try to unlock the ghastly doors of the supernatural that link to the missing children. Will they ever solve the mysteries that have been circulating around time after time, or will they find certain death as they investigate the areas of the supernatural? Venture into the Outer Realm, and discover for yourself the eerie mysteries that have kept the people of Silver Oak in sheer terror time and again.
 id : 234874 ISBN : 0671627309  | name : The World's Most Famous Ghosts  |  description : Ghost stories from around the world are investigated.
 id : 234877 ISBN : 0822053047  | name : Basic Math and Pre-algebra  |  description : For stumped students, this volume covers mathematics topics encountered prior to Algebra, including whole numbers, decimals, fractions, percents, exponents, and roots.
 id : 234878 ISBN : 0822053586  | name : Trigonometry  |  description : A comprehensive review guide to help you refresh your study. This guide is particularly useful for midterms and final exams, condensing a semester's worth of information into one concise volume.
 id : 234883 ISBN : 038070319X  | name : What Your Doctor Didn't Learn in Medical School  |  description : Critiques today's medical profession, identifying failings in medical training and practice, and advises readers on demanding and obtaining quality health care
 id : 234884 ISBN : 0916766918  | name : Lost Teachings on Your Higher Self  |  description : The authors demonstrate that much of Jesus' teaching has been lost -- either removed from the Gospels, suppressed, kept secret for those being initiated into the deeper mysteries, or never written down at all. Then, in modern vernacular, they present a bold reconstruction of the essence of Jesus' message -- the lost teachings Jesus gave his disciples 2000 years ago on karma, reincarnation, good and evil, and how to reunite with the Higher Self. Includes 32 Roerich art reproductions and illustrations of the chakras in the body of man.
 id : 234885 ISBN : 0385335458  | name : Franklin Flyer  |  description : In this shimmering work of fiction, Nicholas Christopher follows the remarkable life ofFranklin Flyer–a restless young inventor named after the train on which he was born–through the tumultuous years of the Great Depression, into the Second World War. Raised by his suffragette aunt, at various times a vagabond and tycoon, Franklin travels across the U.S.A and around the globe, seeking adventure and enlightenment, charting his fate by pursuing the unexpected. He encounters a glittering cast of characters: among them Rita Hayworth, Josephine Baker, OSS founder “Wild Bill” Donovan, and a host of political zealots, opportunists, and dreamers thrown together in a world on the brink of collapse. With each new invention–devices that help to revolutionize everything from early television to the technology with which the Allies respond to the Axis powers–Franklin makes his mark. Gaining fame and fortune, he also suffers terrible heartbreak, and through numerous transformations discovers that a man’s own life is truly his most difficult, and rewarding, invention. A brisk, vivid blend of history and imagination,Franklin Flyerbrings to life an American hero as unforgettable as his times. From the Hardcover edition.
 id : 234887 ISBN : 1558703160  | name : The Organization Map  |  description : Offers advice on time management, storage solutions, meal planning, and work schedules, and explains how to reduce clutter and get family members to help with housework
 id : 234888 ISBN : 0373730284  | name : Bargaining for Baby  |  description : Queensland sheep station owner Jack Prescott wasn't ready to be a full-time father. He'd do his duty and care for his orphaned nephew, but he had no place in his battered heart for a baby...or for guardian Madison Tyler, the woman hell-bent on disrupting his life. Yet Jack couldn't ignore the attraction he felt for Madison. Their affair was fast and furious...and soon fraught with regret. The city girl's stay in the Outback was only temporary and Jack had a little boy to care for. How could they even consider bargaining for more time when neither was prepared for forever?
 id : 234889 ISBN : 0967684749  | name : Channel Zero  |  description : Special interest groups have bullied the government into passing the Clean Act, effectively killing freedom of speech and silencing the country into submission. TV and God become one and the same as America wages its own holy war against its citizens. Meet Jennie 2.5, media slut turned info-terrorist, out to save the country from itself, and restore free will and self expression. Hailed internationally as ground-breaking work in the field of sequential art, Channel Zero challenges and tests the limits, combining current events and no-future shock into a dark, paranoid, deep-ambient visual narrative.
 id : 234891 ISBN : 0425087417  | name : Mind Over Back Pain  |  description : A physician-professor of clinical rehabilitative medicine explains tension myositis syndrome, back pain caused by tension, and outlines ways in which that pain can be reduced or eliminated through control of stress and physical reactions
 id : 234893 ISBN : 0440206405  | name : What You Can Do about Diabetes  |  description : For the 12 million Americans who suffer from diabetes, here are the facts that can help them live their lives to the fullest, including the latest diet recommendations from the American Diabetes Association.
 id : 234895 ISBN : 0156002116  | name : Amphitryon, by Moliere  |  description : A comic satire recounts how Jupiter takes on the form of the Theban general Amphitryon while that mortal is away at war, in order to spend the night with Amphitryon's beautiful wife, Alcmena
 id : 234897 ISBN : 0679440798  | name : The Place Within  |  description : Unconventional poems written by John Paul II as priest, bishop, archbishop, and cardinal incorporate religious, political, social, and historical themes and are addressed to a variety of people
 id : 234898 ISBN : 0465004865  | name : War Of The Worlds  |  description : Predicting a forthcoming technological revolution with roots in cyberspace, a cautionary examination of internet culture reveals "digerati" personalities and their plans for the future. $25,000 ad/promo. Tour.
 id : 234899 ISBN : 0440212995  | name : Halfway to Paradise  |  description : After purchasing the soon-to-be-orphaned son of condemned spy Lord Chester, Jane Alexander fears for her life when Chester returns from the grave, vowing to claim his boy and seek revenge on the woman who bought him. Original.
 id : 234901 ISBN : 067142064X  | name : The House of Thirty Cats  |  description : Sarah's friend has a lot of cats--30 of them to be exact! When an angry neighbor complains, Sarah starts to match each cat's personality to people in the town to find them all new homes. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 234905 ISBN : 0345355385  | name : On Being a Friend  |  description : Examines the nature of friendship, its relationship to death, the work good friendships require, and the way time changes human relationships
 id : 234908 ISBN : 1556616538  | name : Thanks for Being My Friend  |  description : Brief stories and devotions examine the responsibilities, problems, and pleasures of friendship.
 id : 234909 ISBN : 0688080103  | name : Get Help  |  description : Suggests how to recognize and admit the need for help with various problems in life and how to locate help in such areas as mental health, substance addiction, family problems, legal matters, money, education, and physical health.
 id : 234911 ISBN : 1576830489  | name : Daughters and Dads  |  description : A helpful book for any dad who wants to understand and support his daughter as she gets older.
 id : 234912 ISBN : 0137828551  | name : Rome and Latium  |  description : Photos and concise text describe the ancient ruins, medieval monasteries, cathedrals, and secular buildings of Rome and Latium.
 id : 234913 ISBN : 1565073401  | name : Extreme Faith  |  description : A devotional study guide designed especially for teens, with forty daily readings that explore what it means to be a Christian.
 id : 234915 ISBN : 0440844827  | name : Great Apes  |  description : Describes the physical characteristics, habits, and natural habitat of a variety of apes and discusses well-known naturalists who have studied them.
 id : 234920 ISBN : 0898401747  | name : Why Wait?  |  description : A 450-page resource book on teen sexual attitudes and behavior, with advice on helping teens say "no" to premarital sex. Also, what to do if they are sexually active.
 id : 234922 ISBN : 0373107374  | name : Dawn of a New Day  |  description : Dawn Of A New Day by Claudia Jameson released on Sep 24, 1984 is available now for purchase.
 id : 234924 ISBN : 0517580551  | name : Women Talk About Gynecological Surgery  |  description : Offers advice, information, and emotional support to women facing breast or gynecological surgery, discussing procedures, pain, recovery time, and more
 id : 234927 ISBN : 1562922645  | name : God's Little Instruction Book for Women  |  description : -- Luxurious leather-bound gift edition with gold foil stamping adds distinctive classic beauty-- Elegantly combines the best inspiration from the original God's Little Instruction Book series, volumes I, II, and III.
 id : 234929 ISBN : 0840754655  | name : Answers to 200 of Life's Most Probing Questions  |  description : Discusses the answers in the Bible to common questions concerning God, Christ, salvation, the Church, marriage, and ethics
 id : 234934 ISBN : 1579240593  | name : Geography for Christian Schools  |  description : Over 180 maps and 300 photographs are included in the Student Text. Geography skills and principles are introduced in the first five chapters of the book and then reinforced through a survey of American and world geography. - Publisher.
 id : 234935 ISBN : 0205137644  | name : A Writer's Handbook from A to Z  |  description : Too many clones exist in the English handbook market. Arrangement is either greatest to smallest (essay to word) or smallest to greatest (parts of speech to essay). The concise handbook market has provided briefer versions of the standard handbook with the same arrangement with parts omitted. Meantime, people still try to figure out how to find information. This book differs from all the rest because it arranges its entries in a way that is easy to understand alphabetically. This brief reference handbook organizes its grammar contents by the letters of the alphabet to facilitate reference for users, many of whom may not understand the logic of traditionally-arranged handbooks. Separate sections on the writing process, the research paper, and specialized writing assignments are also included. An ideal reference for anyone looking for an easy-access handbook.
 id : 234937 ISBN : 057003230X  | name : Psalms/now  |  description : The Psalms. Cries from isolation. Exuberant shouts of praise. Doubt and trust. Anguish, joy, and fear of the Lord. Here the psalmists' bold, free prayers become yours in the words and phrases and look of today. - Jacket flap.
 id : 234941 ISBN : 0802463215  | name : Women Facing Life's Demands  |  description : Often we listen to the demands of too many voices and, in the process, we lose our loyalty to ourselves (coauthor Rita Schweitz). This workbook can help women take an active role in leading their lives toward what they really want. Through these exercises, women can develop an individualized strategy that enables them to take charge of life's demands.
 id : 234945 ISBN : 0687332079  | name : The Power that Heals  |  description : In the first book to relate faith in the Trinity to current medical discoveries, Randolph draws on personal experience, case studies, current events, and medical research to set forth the logic of the Christian faith and how faith contributes to healing of body and soul.
 id : 234947 ISBN : 067167305X  | name : A Woman of Egypt  |  description : Here is the passionate, heartfelt story of Jehan Sadat--patriot, feminist, wife, mother--a woman at the turbulent center of an ancient land.
 id : 234948 ISBN : 0373825323  | name : Gentle on My Mind  |  description : Gentle On My Mind by Bethany Campbell released on Aug 25, 1994 is available now for purchase.
 id : 234950 ISBN : 0849953871  | name : Precious in His Sight  |  description : World-traveled photographer David Dobson has compiled this intriguing collection of stunning photos and original prayers from children around the globe. This inspirational full-color book is a perfect gift for adults and children.
 id : 234951 ISBN : 0891097139  | name : Creating Community  |  description : Without true community, even the most impressive local church has little more to offer than an endless cycle of meetings. If leaders feel they must be flawless or members find their personal needs and uniquenesses glossed over, the church will never become a place where hearts are touched and lives are changed. Drawn from over 25 years of experience, this book contains principles and suggestions that have repeatedly proven successful in creating community.
 id : 234952 ISBN : 0373059213  | name : Miss Lizzy's Legacy  |  description : Miss Lizzy's Legacy by Peggy Moreland released on Feb 22, 1995 is available now for purchase.
 id : 234953 ISBN : 0938458124  | name : The Force of Righteousness  |  description : Join Kenneth Copeland as he uncovers the rights and privileges Jesus gave us through His sacrifice on the cross.
 id : 234954 ISBN : 0806628278  | name : Listen to the Heart  |  description : Love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness, and self-control. These are the fruits of the Spirit promised to us in Galatians 5. In this collection of stories about real people, Bobbie Reed leads us to ponder how these fruits have been experienced in the everyday lives of contemporary Christians, and to reflect on how we can nurture these gifts to further our own spiritual growth. The book is divided into nine sections, one for each of the fruits of the Spirit, with several meditations on each of these gifts. The stories have been collected from the author's twenty years of experience leading inspirational seminars and conferences across the country. Listen to the Heart is an excellent resource for small- group study, Christian storytelling, and personal devotions.
 id : 234959 ISBN : 1561797944  | name : The Best of Times  |  description : A timeless collection of heartwarming stories.
 id : 234961 ISBN : 0842371907  | name : 'Round the Corner  |  description : Evelyn Peerbaugh is apprehensive about her new boarders and hopes that they soon become a part of a new life-changing sister circle.
 id : 234962 ISBN : 0842328602  | name : Larson's New Book of Cults  |  description : Encyclopedic in form, popular in style, Larson's New Book of Cults analyzes dozens of cults and movements from historical, sociological, and biblical perspectives. It will tell you what you want to know about the cults' origins, their appeal, and their strategies. Most important, it details how each cult deviates from Christian truth.
 id : 234963 ISBN : 0805418458  | name : Spiritual Leadership  |  description : Presents insights and guidance on developing and maintaining one's spiritual leadership skills.
 id : 234968 ISBN : 0842319204  | name : The One Year Devotions for Men  |  description : This insightful devotional contains 365 thought-provoking readings. Each day's selection includes a key Scripture verse, devotional reading, and a suggested Bible passage for further study. Convenient, concise, and uplifting, it can help men focus each day on God's priorities.
 id : 234969 ISBN : 0310488109  | name : Lambs Among Wolves  |  description : Meet the men and women who are making a sustained and dynamic Christian witness in the heart of the cultural mainstream. You just might be surprised at who you meet.
 id : 234970 ISBN : 0425109674  | name : The Honour of the Yorkshire Light Artillery  |  description : Chance and the reader's decisions will determine whether Sherlock Holmes can solve two jewel thefts in the west of England.
 id : 234972 ISBN : 0310207177  | name : Where's Whitney?  |  description : When she goes with her family to the amusement park Kidsworld, Whitney crawls inside a plastic dragon and gets left behind, causing her family members to pray for her safety when they notice that she is missing.
 id : 234973 ISBN : 0307231879  | name : Just a Gum Wrapper  |  description : Little Critter learns how to help save the earth by conserving and recycling.
 id : 234975 ISBN : 0880704799  | name : The Signature of Jesus  |  description : The Signature of Jesus challenges the gospel of "cheap grace" and calls the church to radical discipleship. With passion and boldness, author Brennan Manning invites readers to risk living life as Jesus lived—committed to simplicity, purity of heart, and obedience to the gospel. As a radical alternative this book is offered to Christians who want to live by faith and not by mere “religion,” for those who recognize that many of the burning theological issues in the church today are neither burning nor theological; who see Christianity neither as a moral code or a belief system but as a love affair; who have not forgotten that they are followers of a crucified Christ; who know that following him means living dangerously; who want to live the gospel without compromise; who have no greater desire than to have his signature written on the pages of their lives. “Behold,” Jesus proclaims, “I stand at the door and knock.” You may have already met him at the door…but do you truly know him? Have you been transformed by His furious, passionate, unexplainable love? Join Brennan Manning, the bestselling author of The Ragamuffin Gospel, on a personal journey to experience Christ’s love and live with His passion.
 id : 234976 ISBN : 0373706294  | name : Courting Valerie  |  description : Courting Valerie by Linda Markowiak released on Nov 24, 1994 is available now for purchase.
 id : 234977 ISBN : 1561798029  | name : My Time with God  |  description : A collection of 150 devotionals that give the reader the opportunity to spend quiet time with God. Includes suggested readings from the Old and New Testaments, prayer starters, questions to ponder, and facts and fun from the Bible.
 id : 234979 ISBN : 0899572014  | name : Two Hundred and Eighty Titles and Symbols of Christ  |  description : Spend some time with "the legends of the pulpit." For decades, pastors, teachers, and bible students have drawn from the wealth of wisdom found in the writings of preachers that have paved the way for our faith. Their graceful eloquence and gifted use of language remain unparalleled. A passion for God's Word and well tuned delivery of life-changing truths are clearly abundant throughout this series. AMG is pleased to present an inspiring collection that will become a timeless addition to your library.
 id : 234981 ISBN : 0871233096  | name : Destined for the Throne  |  description : This book is a study in biblical cosmology setting forth the ultimate goal of the universe which is the church reigning with Christ with a new view of prayer as"on-the-job" training in preparation for the throne.
 id : 234982 ISBN : 1556610130  | name : The Nature of Holiness  |  description : Fourteen messages of Wesley on the essentials of the Christian faith, particularly scriptural holiness.
 id : 234983 ISBN : 0884194353  | name : Everyday I Pray for My Teenager  |  description : Drugs, Sex, Cheating, Rebellion Your teenager faces these temptations every single day. I know I did. But my own life is a testimony to the tremendous work prayer can accomplish. By the time I was seventeen, I was a drug-selling, campus flunky. Thankfully, I had a grandmother who prayed for me every day, and I am convinced now more than ever that God heard her sustaining prayers and saw her unwavering faith. As a result, I now have a consuming desire to see teenagers serve the Lord with all their hearts. As you pray these scriptural prayers for your teenager and study the accompany Bible verses, you too will discover the crucial role God has predestined your teenager to play in this end-time revival.
 id : 234984 ISBN : 0834115166  | name : The Upward Call  |  description : Four gifted communicators present a unique marriage between the Wesleyan teaching of holiness and the spiritual formation tradition. The result is a compelling expression of what it means to heed the call to a life of growing Christlikeness. Paper.
 id : 234985 ISBN : 156179726X  | name : LifeTraining  |  description : This devotional for teens and their parents is packed with 260 devotions based on the books of Matthew, Luke, John, Acts, and Revelation. Each features a Scripture passage, a story, questions, and a daily challenge.
 id : 234986 ISBN : 0345406958  | name : Story of the Other Wise Man  |  description : "I do not know where this little story came from--out of the air, perhaps. One thing is certain, it is not written in any other book, nor is it to be found among the ancient lore of the East. And yet I have never felt as if it were my own. It was a gift, and it seemed to me as if I knew the Giver." --Henry Van Dyke Long, long ago, a wise man named Artaban, a priest of the Magi, discerned from heavenly signs that the time was at hand for the fulfillment of an ancient prophecy--the birth among the Hebrews of a holy Prince and Deliverer of Man. Hastening to join three fellow Magi for the long journey into Judaea, he paused to help a dying man and was left behind. And so Artaban began his pilgrimage alone, striking out not toward the realization of his life's deepest longing, as he hoped, but only toward misfortune and suffering. Or so he believed until one blessed, radiant moment. With an introduction by Leo Buscaglia
 id : 234987 ISBN : 0805453865  | name : Proverbs for Busy Women: Devotions to strengthen your walk with God  |  description : In as little as five minutes with God every day, even the busiest women can find encouragement and inspiration in his word. Each volume includes 52 devotions.
 id : 234990 ISBN : 0345286596  | name : I'll Never Be Fat Again  |  description : The first revised edition of the bestseller that has taught millions a sensible, enduring approach to losing excess pounds and keeping the weight off. Stuart offers sound principles of sensible living that have helped millions of readers get thin and stay thin.
 id : 234991 ISBN : 0879810874  | name : Boyd's Bible Dictionary  |  description : Compact and complete, this handy reference book includes the definitions and pronunciations of thousands of Biblical words.
 id : 234992 ISBN : 1576734102  | name : The Quest  |  description : The Quest, book two in author Nancy Moser's Mustard Seed series, is the continuing story of four ordinary people whose lives are forever changed after they are invited to the very supernatural town of Haven, Nebraska. The paths of Natalie, Walter, Kathy, Del, and Julia are once again joined in a quest of faith -- and a battle against the forces determined to stop them -- as they implement the decisions and direction they received in The Invitation and discover the meaning of Matthew 7:7: "Ask and it will be given to you; seek and you will find; knock and the door will be opened to you." When the heat's turned up and the enemy unleashes his greatest opposition, the Havenites learn that it's not enough to know what's right -- one must, with God's help, do what's right. No matter what the cost.
 id : 234993 ISBN : 0345455746  | name : Shatterpoint  |  description : Master Mace Windu returns to his Separatist-occupied homeworld to investigate the disappearance of his former Padawan, Depa Billaba, who had been working as an undercover agent.
 id : 234994 ISBN : 0890814910  | name : The Father Heart of God  |  description : You'll will discover that no problem is too great or too insignificant for your Father in Heaven. The author illustrates how the loving, compassion of God enables us to overcome insecurity and the devastating effects of some of life's most painful experiences.
 id : 234996 ISBN : 0913367494  | name : Loving God  |  description : A book that shows that when you love God your life is blessed.
 id : 234999 ISBN : 0872271749  | name : Stretch My Faith, Lord  |  description : Do you stretch your muscles before you work out? Then you know the benefits of stretching! And you can be sure that stretching your faith has benefits too. Study the book of James, and get into shape spiritually. 12 lessons
 id : 235000 ISBN : 0736908471  | name : The Resurrection File  |  description : "The Resurrection File" is a legal thriller with tightly drawn characters, page-turning twists and, at its core, a compelling story of one lawyer's discovery of the truth and power of Christ's message.
 id : 235001 ISBN : 0883686082  | name : The Power of Faith  |  description : Laughing at the impossible, Smith Wigglesworth trusted wholeheartedly in the words of Jesus, "Only believe." This same kind of miracle-working faith can be yours.
 id : 235002 ISBN : 0892765135  | name : How You Can Be Led by the Spirit of God  |  description : An all-time classic, this book provides step-by-step scriptural guidance to help believers follow the Spirit of God in every area of life.
 id : 235003 ISBN : 0345456696  | name : Tatooine Ghost: Star Wars Legends  |  description : SPECIAL BONUS INSIDE—the exclusive story "A Forest Apart," previously available in e-book format only! Han and Leia struggle to keep the Empire at bay as stunning revelations from the past threaten to eclipse the future of the New Republic. . . . The deaths of Darth Vader and Emperor Palpatine by no means spelled the end of the Empire. In the aftermath, the New Republic has faced a constant struggle to survive. Now a new threat looms: a masterpiece of Alderaanian art—lost after the planet’s destruction—has resurfaced on the black market. It conceals a vital secret—the code used to communicate with New Republic agents undercover within the Empire. Discovery by Imperial forces would spell disaster. The only option is recovery—and Han, Leia, Chewbacca, and C-3PO have been dispatched to Tatooine to infiltrate the auction. When a dispute at the auction erupts into violence, the painting vanishes in the chaos. Han and Leia are thrust into a desperate race to reclaim it. As they battle against marauding TIE fighters, encroaching stormtroopers, and Tatooine’s savage Tusken Raiders, Leia’s emotional struggle over the specter of her infamous father culminates in the discovery of an extraordinary link to the past. And as long-buried secrets at last emerge, she faces a moment of reckoning that will forever alter her destiny . . . and that of the New Republic.
 id : 235005 ISBN : 1576737349  | name : The Temptation  |  description : "The Temptation" continues the sagas of Haven, Nebraska, visitors Julia, Kathy, Del and Walter. When complacency attacks the characters' focus on God, they start believing their achievements have risen from their own savvy and power. When Del decides to organize a reunion, the characters face Satan's chaotic interference and learn the true nature of temptation: inevitable, subtle, biting and potentially disastrous.
 id : 235009 ISBN : 0718003438  | name : The Answer  |  description : People are searching for answers to life's most puzzling questions. What is peace? Who is God? Why do bad things happen? What is the purpose of life? The Answer examines the issues and events of our time in light of what the Bible says. With 365 selected writings by the world's best-known classic and contemporary Christian writers. The Answer integrates relevant questions and understandable answers throughout the text of the easiest to understand New Century Version of the Bible.
 id : 235010 ISBN : 0687336325  | name : Second Helpings  |  description : Twevle stories of everyday life attempt to reveal Christian truths and values
 id : 235011 ISBN : 0736905375  | name : The 10 Most Important Things You Can Say to a Catholic  |  description : Fact-filled, easy-to-understand, and visually appealing, this series delivers the essential knowledge you need to know to effectively witness biblical truths to people led astray by false teachings. Noted Bible teacher Ron Rhodes highlights the key differences between specific cults and biblical Christianity by: identifying the 10 most critical problems examining the exact nature of each doctrinal error contrasting cultic teachings with the truth found in God’s Word explaining the correct meanings of Bible verses cults cite out of context reviewing basic principles of Bible interpretation that ensure accurate understanding Important points, witnessings tips, digging deeper sections, and cautions that highlight the confusing arguments and tactics used by each organization make these books perfect for individual witnessing, Bible studies, youth groups, and evangelism refreshers. Discusses why the Apocrypha isn’t in the canon, the true role of tradition, Catholicism’s erroneous distinction between venial and mortal sins, the concept of purgatory, the controversy surrounding Jesus’ mother Mary, and more.
 id : 235012 ISBN : 1584850353  | name : Samantha Saves the Wedding  |  description : When Cornelia's veil is ruined on the day of her wedding ceremony in 1904, nine-year-old Samantha comes to the rescue. Includes information on wedding customs in the early 1900s and instructions for making a bridesmaid bouquet. Full color.
 id : 235013 ISBN : 0931529972  | name : Your Journey Into the Future  |  description : Discusses life after high school and offers advice on college, careers, new friendships, marriage, and faith.
 id : 235014 ISBN : 0849907217  | name : Love is a Decision  |  description : In this practical book, family counselor and best-selling author Gary Smalley, with John Trent, reveals a simple yet profound plan for a marriage of depth, warmth, and excitement. Guide your marriage for a lifetime by learning how to make your spouse feel truly honored, keep courtship alive, rebuild trust, and become best friends with your family. According to Smalley, good marriages are no accident. And deciding to love-in the practical ways outlined here-can result in relationships that are tougher than tough times.
 id : 235018 ISBN : 157322359X  | name : Kurt Cobain Journals  |  description : Kurt Cobain filled dozens of notebooks with lyrics, drawings, and writings about his plans for Nirvana and his thoughts about fame, the state of music, and the people who bought and sold him and his music. His journals reveal an artist who loved music, who knew the history of rock, and who was determined to define his place in that history. Here is a portrait of the most influential musician of his time.
 id : 235019 ISBN : 0415918405  | name : White Weddings  |  description : Peering behind the veil to question the meaning of weddings in American popular culture, Ingraham finds nothing less than a wedding industrial complex with annual revenues in excess of 30 billion dollars. 20 photos.
 id : 235020 ISBN : 0446690317  | name : Be Like Water  |  description : This entertaining and enlightening guide reveals the philosophy behind the martial arts techniques that lead to a creative and fulfilled life.
 id : 235022 ISBN : 1570360669  | name : Caleb Beldragon's Chronicle of the Three Counties  |  description : Long oppressed by the ruthless Lord Mulciber, the Gibblins hope to restore their exiled king by finding a legendary stone called the Malbigon.
 id : 235023 ISBN : 0821749390  | name : Something Wonderful  |  description : Mandy runs the diner. Charlie owns the newsstand. In Hollywood, Florida's quaint Grape Alley, they have worked side by side for years. Once, long ago, they spent a night together, but that's been long forgotten--maybe. When Mandy and Charlie share a nightcap late one night, something wonderful begins to happen. Something that might mean a chance to love again.
 id : 235024 ISBN : 0395928648  | name : Dream-weaver  |  description : Using her psychic talents, an apprentice dream-weaver learns that human colonists aboard a spaceship plan to settle on her peaceful planet.
 id : 235026 ISBN : 0192880748  | name : Twelve Mystery Stories  |  description : 'The hand moved ... an awful, brooding, vengeful presence was hidden within the smiling doll -- a sinister spirit from behind the veil, swift and relentless in its message of doom.' The twelve mystery stories in this collection relate inexplicable episodes of madness and revenge, terror and obsession, the grotesque and the arabesque, the scientific and the supernatural. Sometimes we find ghosts or other phantoms at the heart of the mystery, but in other cases eerie incidentsarise out of apparently everyday situations and these ordinary origins make the uncanniness even more chilling. Jack Adrian brings together stories by well-known writers in the crime and mystery genre, such as Wilkie Collins and Conan Doyle, and rarer stories which have for decades been unavailable to readers.
 id : 235027 ISBN : 0874834899  | name : East African Folktales  |  description : As a child in his native Kenya, Dr. Vincent Muli wa Kituku learned many stories from his mother. She told him stories as she cooked, as she washed, and as she harvested corn. Now, Dr. Kituku presents eighteen of those folktales in both English and Kikamba, the language of Kituku's East African culture. Comments following each story develop the story's themes and moral direction. The stories, together with the author's comments, provide an excellent foundation for discussion with children in any environment.
 id : 235028 ISBN : 1567140459  | name : Knightmare  |  description : Dared by a school friend, Mitchell steals a valuable artifact from an elaborate suit of armor at the museum, beginning a series of terrifying nightmares that could turn out to be all too real.
 id : 235029 ISBN : 0863160689  | name : Black History for Beginners  |  description : Covering a rich but often ignored history, the author chronicles the black struggle from capture and enslavement in Africa right up to the Civil Rights movement and different kinds of struggles that black people face today.
 id : 235032 ISBN : 0590427245  | name : The Best Present Ever  |  description : Jan's environment-conscious father refuses to buy her a fur muff, Mary Kate's mother says no to a dog in the house, the Tooth Fairy has yet to come for Michael's troublesome baby teeth, and Rusty's parents show no signs of returning home from Brazil.
 id : 235034 ISBN : 0679420754  | name : The Russian Century  |  description : An international publishing event: over 300 remarkable, never before published photographs of a Russia that until now has remained hidden from Western eyes.
 id : 235036 ISBN : 0670867896  | name : Voodoo Child  |  description : ". . . This draws on the layout and narrative style of comic books to recreate Hendrix's life in a more impressionistic manner than standard bios typically permit. Much of the text is drawn from Hendrix's own letters, poetry and lyrics . . . "--Publishers Weekly.
 id : 235040 ISBN : 0679428100  | name : The Princess and the Goblin  |  description : One of the most successful and beloved of Victorian fairy tales, George Macdonald’s The Princess and the Goblin tells the story of young Princess Irene and her friend Curdie, who must outwit the threatening goblins who live in caves beneath her mountain home. Macdonald’s pioneering use of fanstasy as a literary medium had a great influence on Lewis Carroll, J. R. R. Tolkien, and Madeleine L’Engle, all great admirers of his work, which has remained popular to this day. "I write, not for children," he wrote, "but for the child-like, whether they be of five, or fifty, or seventy-five."This edition includes illustrations by Arthur Hughes.
 id : 235041 ISBN : 0373610637  | name : The New War Book  |  description : The New War by Don Pendleton released on Jan 25, 1984 is available now for purchase.
 id : 235042 ISBN : 0505520273  | name : Banner's Bonus  |  description : When her duty sends her off on a space mission, Tressa Loring is disgusted when she is put in the care of Nick Banner, a man she secretly desires, who has vowed that he will not lay a hand on his friend's daughter. Original.
 id : 235043 ISBN : 1555973809  | name : Sky Lounge  |  description : Mark Bibbins finds damaged glamour at the fringes of respectability in this exceptional debut collection.
 id : 235045 ISBN : 0843933097  | name : The Rose and the Flame  |  description : Reunited with Luis de los Santos, the man who shunned her years before, Elena suffers a double blow when she discovers that Luis belongs to another. Original.
 id : 235047 ISBN : 0820324639  | name : The Reservoir  |  description : The poet blends narrative and lyrical forms to explore the line between the artificial and real in our society, using the reservoir as a metaphor for this mystery. Winner of the Contemporary Poetry Series Competition. (Poetry)
 id : 235048 ISBN : 081184403X  | name : The Forty Fathom Bank and Other Stories  |  description : Called "stunning and suspenseful" (Andrea Barrett, Outside), and "exquisitely detailed" (Alan Cheuse, NPR), The Forty Fathom Bank is a gripping novella of adventure and desperation in the tradition of The Treasure of the Sierra Madre. Finally back in print, this acclaimed cult classic tells the story of two men seeking riches on a late-season fishing trip off the coast of San Francisco. When a storm hits and the engine fails, they confront more than treacherous seas in their fight for survival. This new paperback edition also now includes the late author's other rarely seen stories of the sea, as well as an afterword by his friend and editor, Jerome Gold. As James Lee Burke says, "No one who reads this book will ever forget it."
 id : 235050 ISBN : 0373834780  | name : Summer Fires  |  description : Set during post Civil War times, this special collector's edition delivers three full-length novels. Three brothers living in post-war Texas find that the importance of family ties, loyalty, and love are prominent in the battle of life.
 id : 235055 ISBN : 0687089247  | name : When You're a Christian the Whole World Is from Missouri  |  description : James W. Moore says that just as Missouri is the "Show Me" state, this is a "show me" world, where talking a good game is not enough. Essentially, the world says to us, "If you're a Christian, then show me!" Moore contends that we, as Christians, must show the world that our faith is not only a way of believing but also a way of behaving - that it is not just something we celebrate on Sunday, but something we live out in the world every day. In his warm, conversational style Moore explores characteristics that must be visible in our daily lives if we are to be effective witnesses in this "show me" world - forgiveness, dedication, gratitude, love, compassion, a spirit of service, perseverance, strength, faith and vision. Only when these are evident in our lives will the world know that we are Christians.
 id : 235058 ISBN : 2253147303  | name : Il était un piano noir  |  description : " Plus jamais je ne rentrerai en scène. Je ne chanterai jamais plus... " Sur cet aveu de désespoir de celle qui disait à son public " Ma plus belle histoire d'amour, c'est vous " s'ouvrent ces Mémoires, que la mort - survenue en novembre 1997 - ne lui laissa pas le temps d'achever. Nous y rencontrons la petite fille des Batignolles, qu'une enfance vagabonde, sur fond d'Occupation, amènera notamment à Marseille, à Tarbes, à Saint-Marcellin, avant le retour à Paris. Puis la jeune fille qui, bravant la misère et les déceptions, poursuivra obstinément son rêve : chanter, devant un piano noir, jusqu'aux débuts à L'Ecluse, aux premiers succès, aux tournées... Témoignage sensible et vrai sur un métier, la chanson, ce livre est aussi et avant tout l'autoportrait d'une femme rebelle, artiste, solitaire malgré l'adulation de ses fans, et qui aura retenu jusqu'au bout quelques aveux déchirants, livrés dans ces pages.
 id : 235059 ISBN : 0451175980  | name : Ross Perot  |  description : Reviews Perot's career, political views, and campaign for president
 id : 235060 ISBN : 207040868X  | name : Pierre Ou Les Ambiguite  |  description : L'évocation d'un trio incestueux dans le New York du XIXe siècle fit scandale et causa beaucoup de tort à l'auteur en Amérique. Le thème fut repris par de nombreux romanciers.
 id : 235063 ISBN : 0830813381  | name : The Consumer Church  |  description : Strategies such as guilt-free sermons and surfing for Jesus are becoming more common in evangelical churches. The authors illustrate the difficulty of balancing faithfulness and effectiveness and offer their own conclusions on how to carry out an ambidextrous ministry that is both loyal to the Bible and engaging to contemporary men and women.
 id : 235064 ISBN : 0373195044  | name : The Expectant Princess  |  description : The Expectant Princess by Stella Bagwell released on Feb 22, 2001 is available now for purchase.
 id : 235069 ISBN : 0233051031  | name : Graham Norton Laid Bare  |  description : Graham Norton Laid Bare, by biographer and journalist Alison Bowyer, is full of revealing interviews with friends, lovers and associates and presents a rounded, fascinating picture of this irrepressibly likeable man.
 id : 235070 ISBN : 038513570X  | name : A Secret Friend  |  description : Ten-year-old Jessica loses her best friend, and in struggling to win her back finds out some important things about friendship.
 id : 235074 ISBN : 0944276563  | name : The Glitter Gang  |  description : Sharon, Danny, and Victoria are America's television sweethearts, but the real-life horror they create proves them to be no Brady Bunch--and someone is making certain they are duly punished for their crime.
 id : 235077 ISBN : 157441139X  | name : Minding the Store  |  description : "'There is never a good sale for Neiman Marcus unless it's a good buy for the customer.' That was one of the first declarations of business philosophy I heard my father, Herbert Marcus, make soon after I came to work at Neiman Marcus in 1926." Thus began the 1974 edition of Minding the Store. Reprinted in hardcover in 1997 to celebrate the 90th anniversary of Neiman Marcus, it is now available for the first time in paperback. Mr. Marcus spent most of his life not only in helping to create a retailing enterprise renowned throughout the world as the epitome of quality, but also in setting high standards for the level of taste of all who desire "the better things in life." In doing so he has played a key role in making Dallas itself a success. "Mr. Stanley," as he was affectionately called by all his Neiman Marcus friends and associates, made The Store a legendary success. Although he retired from active involvement in Neiman Marcus in 1977, the influences of the philosophies of business he developed remained an important part of the training of Neiman Marcus personnel. Those basic principles--best exemplified by his belief in his father's business philosophy--are the reasons Neiman Marcus is today recognized as the taste leader of American retailing. Minding the Store is a warm portrait of a man and an exuberant celebration of the store that has become the best-known landmark in Texas since the Alamo.
 id : 235078 ISBN : 0312070098  | name : The Winter Widow  |  description : When her husband, the chief of police in a one-horse town in Kansas, is murdered, cynical San Francisco native Susan Donovan decides to stay in Kansas and find her husband's murderer.
 id : 235079 ISBN : 0395929733  | name : Clock Without Hands  |  description : "On the eve of court-ordered integration" in small-town Georgia, four characters interact: "J.T. Malone, a lonely, dying middle-aged druggist looking to redeem his misspent life; Fox Clane, a corrupt old judge and defender of the ways of the Old South; Jester Clane, the judge's orphaned grandson, a directionless adolescent with a strong sense of social justice; and Sherman Pew, an angry, blue-eyed black youth in search of his own identity."--Mariner Book ed. cover.
 id : 235080 ISBN : 0451166272  | name : Lovey  |  description : Mary MacCracken records the ways in which she guided an emotionally disturbed eight-year-old on a long, difficult journey to reality and security
 id : 235081 ISBN : 0866226508  | name : West Highland White Terriers  |  description : Presents recommendations about selecting and caring for West Highland White Terriers.
 id : 235082 ISBN : 0553567101  | name : Murder in Paradise  |  description : It's ten o'clock... Do you know where your mother is? Jessica and Elizabeth Wakefield are living it up on a mother-daughter retreat at Paradise Spa, where their biggest worry is whether to go for a cucumber facial or a splash in the waterfall. And with so many cute guys on staff, the girls decide that what their boyfriends back home don't know won't hurt them! Then Jessica and Lila Fowler go for a late-night swim and find a dead body in the steam bath! The manager insists the death is a freak accident, but when Alice Wakefield disappears, Elizabeth and Jessica are terrified there's a murderer on the loose. Desperate to find their mother, the twins set a deadly trap -- with Elizabeth as the bait!
 id : 235083 ISBN : 0690018258  | name : Crafts for the Disabled  |  description : Specially designed for the disabled, the elderly, and the visually impaired, this illustrated guide provides clear instructions for creating toys, accessories, and household items.
 id : 235085 ISBN : 0312876254  | name : Daughter of Lir  |  description : Rhian travels to the Tribes of the East to try to avert the omens that threaten the destruction of the City of Lir.
 id : 235086 ISBN : 0451168909  | name : A Regency Valentine  |  description : This classic collection of stories by five beloved and highly acclaimed Regency authors has it all--fair ladies, courtly gentlemen, romantic intrigue--in a selection of timeless tales of sweethearts, young and old, of innocence and surrender, infatuation, yearning, and tender devotion.
 id : 235088 ISBN : 0671003232  | name : Friend Or Faux  |  description : There's this new girl, Mariah. She's richer than Cher, wears more expensive clothes than Cher, and in just three days she's become more popular than Cher. Is Cher jealous? Not even! Mariah may not know it yet, but she needs help. Translation: She needs Cher!
 id : 235091 ISBN : 0061062022  | name : Zoey Fools Around  |  description : Zoey fools around They've all grown up together on a tiny island. They think they know everything about one another. . .but they're only just beginning to find out the truth. Zoey fools around , and it turns their world upside down. New couples are formed, friends become enemies, and secrets and unearthed. . .
 id : 235099 ISBN : 0373160682  | name : Deception for Desire  |  description : Deception For Desire by Alice Morgan released on Jun 22, 1984 is available now for purchase.
 id : 235102 ISBN : 0505522195  | name : Roses After Rain  |  description : Vast and untamed, it is a land that tests the boundaries of man's courage, and rugged Ian Lavery revels in the struggles as he pits himself against bushrangers, wild dingoes and drought. Beautiful and provocative, she tries the limits of a man's endurance, but Ian senses there are exquisite pleasures to be had in claiming the penniless emigre.
 id : 235110 ISBN : 0807113484  | name : Carnival of Fury  |  description : "This biography of Charles follows him from childhood in a Mississippi sharecropper?s cabin to his violent death on New Orleans? Saratoga Street. With the few clues available, William Ivy Hair has pieced together the story of a man whose life spanned the thirty-four years from emancipation to 1900?a man who tried to achieve dignity and self-respect in a time when people of his race could not exhibit such characteristics without fear of reprisal" -- publisher website (October 2006).
 id : 235115 ISBN : 0373107528  | name : Letter from Bronze Mountain  |  description : Letter From Bronze M by Rosemary Carter released on Nov 23, 1984 is available now for purchase.
 id : 235116 ISBN : 2871421072  | name : Le paradis !  |  description : Album - enfer - paradis - chien - enfant.
 id : 235118 ISBN : 0575603259  | name : The Enchantresses  |  description : Arthur's half-sisters, Morgause, Vivian, and Morgan, born into witchcraft, are given to Merlin to educate them in the crafts of healing and magic—and to try to intercede in the future he forsees for Arthur. All three women have their part to play—one to help, one to hinder, and one to destroy.
 id : 235120 ISBN : 0876056125  | name : The Wolf Within  |  description : Understanding the instinctive nature of your dog through the behavior of its wild cousin, the wolf.
 id : 235123 ISBN : 0373108680  | name : Permission to Love  |  description : Permission To Love by Penny Jordan released on Jan 24, 1986 is available now for purchase.
 id : 235124 ISBN : 1558213864  | name : The Essential Swimmer  |  description : Provides advice to fitness and competetive swimmers, from basic stroke techniques to advanced training programs.
 id : 235125 ISBN : 0962401730  | name : Lads Before the Wind  |  description : "Diary of a dolphin trainer"--Cover.
 id : 235126 ISBN : 0373106645  | name : Serpent in Paradise  |  description : Serpent In Paradise by Rosemary Carter released on Dec 23, 1983 is available now for purchase.
 id : 235127 ISBN : 0876056451  | name : How to Massage Your Dog  |  description : Do you have a couch-potato pooch who needs stimulating? A hyperactive hound who you'd like to get to relax? Find the advice you need, as well as a good dose of humor and charm, in How To Massage Your Dog. As this letter from Mandy the Mutt, a satisfied dog, says, "I was a little skeptical when you started touching me in this new manner, but I must admit it is very relaxing and does help take my mind off our regular trips to the veterinarian.... With many woofs of pleasure, yours faithfully." A Howell Dog Book of Distinction
 id : 235128 ISBN : 0345317645  | name : The Home Pet Vet Guide  |  description : Fast, simple instructions for every common injury and illness. Hundreds of large step-by-step illustrations. Unique quick access index to all emergencies. Covers training, grooming, nutrition, first aid . . . and more!
 id : 235129 ISBN : 0722540299  | name : Principles of Dowsing  |  description : This introduction begins with an explanation of what dowsing is and how anyone can do it, goes on to look at the history of dowsing and famous dowsers, then gives detailed instructions on which dowsing tools to use, how best to use them, and different ways of dowsing. There is a list of sites with particular spiritual energy which are good for dowsing covering both British Isles and US.
 id : 235132 ISBN : 0285632523  | name : Journey Into Supermind  |  description : Sequel and advanced companion to UNLOCK YOUR PSYCHIC POWERS. Step-by-step guide to reaching higher levels of mind realisation
 id : 235133 ISBN : 1572592079  | name : Psychology  |  description : Available now, Sixth Edition combines Myers' genuine love of communicating the field's major ideas to an uninitiated audience with new pedagogical tools including cutting edge technology for teaching and learning.
 id : 235134 ISBN : 0205161588  | name : Sociology  |  description : This best selling comprehensive text shares the excitement of sociology with the acclaimed "down-to-earth" approach that highlights the sociology of everyday life. The 8th Edition of this highly regarded text retains all the features that have made previous editions so successful. The author has a unique ability to engage students without sacrificing content or talking down to them. With wit, personal reflection, and illuminating examples, Henslin shares his passion for sociology with his readers like no other author of an introductory text can.
 id : 235139 ISBN : 067150696X  | name : Simon & Schuster's Guide to Mushrooms  |  description : Simon & Schuster's Guide to Mushrooms is an indispensable reference for gardeners, hikers, and anyone fascinated by mushrooms and other fungi. Lavishly illustrated, it contains detailed information about 420 species found in the United States and Europe. A comprehensive introduction provides general information about the structure, reproduction, life cycle, classification, and distribution of the various species. Individual entries describe the appearance, habitat, and geographical distribution of each fungus, and a visual key uses immediately recognizable symbols to indicate spore color, ecological environment, and whether a species is edible or poisonous. Also included are a glossary, an analytical index, and an Index to Genera for locating particular subjects, helping to make this the most beautiful, valuable, and authoritative book in the field. Book jacket.
 id : 235142 ISBN : 0316150177  | name : The Marine Corps 3x Fitness Program  |  description : Designed to condition the major upper-and lower-body muscle groups and the cardiorespiratory system, the Marine Corps 3X Fitness Program is based on three primary exercise groups performed in cycles of three, at least three times a week
 id : 235144 ISBN : 0138574006  | name : World Regional Geography  |  description : Providing a framework for understanding the increasing commercial, cultural, political and economic intersection between cultures and regions, this text aims to help students understand how these global intersections affect our local government.
 id : 235146 ISBN : 0876059094  | name : Riding for the Rest of Us  |  description : A Practical Guide for Adult Riders The Howell Equestrian Library is a distinguished collection of books on all aspects of horsemanship and horsemastership. The nearly fifty books in print offer readers in all disciplines and at all levels of competition sound instruction and guidance by some of the most celebrated riders, trainers, judges, and veterinarians in the horse world today. Whether your interest is dressage, show jumping, or Western riding, or whether it is breeding, grooming, or health care, Howell has a book to answer your needs. Get to know all the books in the Howell Equestrian Library; many are modern-day classics and have achieved the status of authoritative references in the estimation of those who ride, train, and care for horses. The Howell Equestrian Library
 id : 235150 ISBN : 0028637763  | name : Frommer's Caribbean Cruises and Ports of Call 2001  |  description : A completely updated and expanded edition with nearly 100 more pages than other guides, with appendix of activities, menus, and user-friendly ratings. Photos.
 id : 235152 ISBN : 1558508163  | name : Cover Letters That Knock Em' Dead-1998  |  description : "Cover Letters That Knock 'Em Dead" has the final word on not just how to write a "correct" cover letter, but how to write one that offers a powerful competitive advantage in today's tough job market. Dedicated web site: (www.knockemdead.com).
 id : 235153 ISBN : 0671435930  | name : Playing with Fire  |  description : As a demented arsonist sets about burning the entire town of Fallsview to the ground, the town's terrified citizens, under the strain of increasing suspense and horror, view even their oldest friends and neighbors as enemies
 id : 235155 ISBN : 0425112020  | name : Midnight Run  |  description : Bounty hunter Jack Walsh must track down Jonathan Mardukas, a fugitive from the Feds, the mafia, and his bail bondsman, a search complicated by the arrival of another bounty hunter, Max Dorfler
 id : 235158 ISBN : 8495501368  | name : El tambor de hojalata  |  description : Novela estructurada en 3 libros que, a su vez, se subdividen en episodios, en la que el autor percibe el mundo a través del personaje de Oscar que nacido a comienzos del siglo, contempla desde su estatura de niño las atrocidades de la I Guerra Mundial y se niega a crecer. Tocando su tambor de hojalata atraviesa los años históricos que anuncian el advenimiento del nazismo, surca los campos de batalla de la II Guerra y asiste a los tiempos difíciles de la reconstrucción.
 id : 235161 ISBN : 0870407031  | name : Quilting and Applique All Around the House  |  description : This compendium of ideas for creative decorating offers careful, easy-to-follow instructions for designing household accessories, from potholders, table linens, and placemats for the kitchen, to sofa pillows for the living room, to curtains for the bath.
 id : 235162 ISBN : 0870406272  | name : Danish Cross-Stitch  |  description : Provides detailed instructions for making tablecloths, napkins, placemats, runners, wall hangings, piano covers, pillows, bedspreads, pincushions, and cosmetic cases, and demonstrates basic stitches.
 id : 235165 ISBN : 1856264602  | name : Teenage Survival Guide  |  description : The teenage years can be fraught with anxiety, whether it's about your looks or your best friend, exams or the ozone layer. And it's easy to feel that no one else has ever been there before, and that there is no one to help you through. Not so, says Marina Baker. Once a teenager herself, she enters into every concern with practical advice and genuine understanding. Her Survival Guide covers everything from babysitting to tattoos, from divorce to introducing your parents to organic food. Never patronising, always sensible and informative, her advice is also great fun.
 id : 235166 ISBN : 0751309907  | name : Building a Website  |  description : A visual guide to building Web sites using Microsoft's FrontPage 2000 program, covering the way Microsoft FrontPage works; how to utilize text and images; how to create and use links, tables, and forms; and how to publish. Also includes a glossary.
 id : 235168 ISBN : 0553156667  | name : Boys Against Girls  |  description : Sweet Valley Twins #17.
 id : 235170 ISBN : 0553487124  | name : Lucky Thirteen  |  description : Sometimes it's better to be superstitious!
 id : 235172 ISBN : 0553487450  | name : Missing Pieces  |  description : Something weird is happening at Parkside Middle School. It's as if someone -- or something -- is stealing what makes each of them special.
 id : 235173 ISBN : 0060092114  | name : Mary-Kate & Ashley Sweet 16 #3 The Perfect Summer  |  description : Mary-Kate and Ashley head off to a music festival and plan on having the most perfect summer ever.
 id : 235174 ISBN : 0060092092  | name : Mary-Kate & Ashley Sweet 16 #1 Never Been Kissed  |  description : Mary-Kate and Ashley face all the excitement and disappointments of turning sweet sixteen.
 id : 235175 ISBN : 034544051X  | name : Happily Ever After  |  description : The fascinating and inspiring true story of the rise and fall of the celebrated child star who beat drugs--and the odds--to become a successful adult actress. Coincides with Barrymore's feature role in the upcoming film "Charlie's Angels". 8 pages of color photos.
 id : 235176 ISBN : 0671785338  | name : The Age of Paranoia  |  description : Featuring eight pages of photos, this collective biography highlights the lives and careers to date of some of the most compelling up-and-coming actors in Hollywood today.
 id : 235177 ISBN : 0810980789  | name : Walt Disney's Fantasia  |  description : A noted film historian presents an informative look at Disney's innovative animation classic, with more than 170 dazzling illustrations capturing the delightful Disney characters as they dance to the world's great music
 id : 235178 ISBN : 055348768X  | name : Amy, on Her Own  |  description : "The chilling FINALE of the Replica series! Something is happening to Amy. It begins with the fading of the crescent moon mark on her shoulder. And as reports trickle in from sister clones who are encountering their share of sudden physical problems, Amy realizes that none of this bodes well. How can the Amys be developing genetic abnormalities? How can they be losing their extraordinary powers? How can the deterioration be stopped? Amy is stumped by the questions racing through her head. For so long, she has wanted to be "normal"-but that was before she risked losing everything that makes her special. . .
 id : 235179 ISBN : 0553487671  | name : War of the Clones  |  description : When a tabloid newspaper begins a series of reports on the existence of human clones and their desire to create a master race, Amy determines to find out what is truth and what is fiction, and finds herself in a web of mistaken identities, misplaced loyalties, and multiple betrayals.
 id : 235181 ISBN : 0553486934  | name : The Fever  |  description : Amy experiences sickness for the first time and she must rely on her mother to find a cure.
 id : 235182 ISBN : 0553487116  | name : Ice Cold  |  description : Amy fears that Jeanine will reveal Amys's secret that she is a clone, until Jeanine has a terrible accident.
 id : 235183 ISBN : 0553487493  | name : Virtual Amy  |  description : Amy is afraid that the organization is watching her every move and the only place she can hide is in a computer game.
 id : 235184 ISBN : 0375803378  | name : Rivals  |  description : As Reverend and Mrs. Camden counsel pregnant teens and Matt struggles with a project for Human Sexuality class, Mary and Lucy get themselves in trouble over a co-ed basketball sleepover.
 id : 235185 ISBN : 0553487485  | name : Like Father, Like Son  |  description : Family ties can be lethal, as Chris Skinner finds out when his long-missing dad finally reappears--because he needs a bone marrow transplant.
 id : 235186 ISBN : 055348687X  | name : The Best of the Best  |  description : Amy looks for some answers about Adrian, the eight-year-old genius from school.
 id : 235187 ISBN : 0140367063  | name : The Story of the Treasure Seekers  |  description : Relates the curious escapades of the six Bastable children who attempt to restore the family fortunes by searching for treasure, starting a newspaper, and becoming detectives.
 id : 235189 ISBN : 1576739740  | name : Stories for a Teen's Heart #3  |  description : Stories for a Teen's Heart: Book Three features this series' best stories yet reviewed by teenage readers -- over 100 selections showing teens making a difference among their friends and peers. Captivating stories on themes such as family, friends, tough times, character, and doing the right thing will encourage teens to make wise choices and put God first.
 id : 235192 ISBN : 0553487647  | name : Play  |  description : Amy has agreed to a voyage inside a plague-ridden human body where good cells are waging battle against bad cells.
 id : 235193 ISBN : 1558702482  | name : The Complete Guide to Home Plumbing Repair and Replacement  |  description : Discusses general principles, the elements of residential plumbing systems, tools, troubleshooting, and repair and replacement techniques; and tells when to call in a professional
 id : 235194 ISBN : 0553487477  | name : Dreamcrusher  |  description : After she is hit by lightning, Amy discovers her senses are enhanced.
 id : 235197 ISBN : 0553487655  | name : Fast Forward  |  description : Amy enters a world where everyone is a clone but even perfection has its flaws.
 id : 235198 ISBN : 0812017315  | name : Hot Words for SAT I  |  description : Tells how to learn vocabulary words with speed and ease while preparing for the SAT examination.
 id : 235199 ISBN : 0553487442  | name : Happy Birthday, Dear Amy  |  description : Amy notices that when she turns thirteen, she is very unlike a norman teenager.
 id : 235200 ISBN : 0525937714  | name : Naked Earth  |  description : Drawing on the latest scientific geophysical knowledge, an informative and fascinating trip to the Earth's core describes "anti-continents" and "anti-mountains", explaining what we know about volcanoes, earthquakes, and much more. 10,000 first printing. $10,000 ad/promo.
 id : 235201 ISBN : 055348706X  | name : True Blue  |  description : When conscientious Elizabeth Wakefield becomes friends with a laid-back surfer named Blue, both of their lives suddenly get much more complicated.
 id : 235203 ISBN : 0553487256  | name : Invisible Me  |  description : Brian thinks Kristin is pretty. Her friends think she's perfect. Her teachersthink she's smart. And she always believed them--until now.
 id : 235204 ISBN : 0849934648  | name : Restoring the Pleasure  |  description : For Ingest Only - Data needs to be cleaned up for all products being loaded
 id : 235207 ISBN : 0553487132  | name : In Search of Andy  |  description : Amy is off to Paris--the City of Light! She can't wait to go to the top of the Eiffel Tower, to walk along the River Seine, and to see the glass pyramids outside the Louvre museum. But there's one sight she wasn't counting on. Andy! Amy fell for Andy last summer and was shocked to learn that he, too, was a clone. When Andy disappeared, Amy didn't know what to believe about him. Now she spots him at a cafe. Or thinks she does. . . . Is Andy really in Paris? Is it the same Andy? Is it one of his supposed clones? One thing's for sure: If Andy's around, danger isn't far behind. Amy couldn't trust Andy a year ago, but all she knows now is that she has to find him no matter what!
 id : 235208 ISBN : 0312267878  | name : Triangulation  |  description : A sweeping, beautifully told, heartbreaking novel of romance, war and adventure: a British mapmaker looks back on his life and lost chance at love A magical, memorable novel in the spirit of The Remains of the Day or The English Patient, Triangulation tells the dramatic story of three people: John Hopkins, a retired mapmaker who spent 40 years of his life helping England chart her many territories and provinces; Laurance Wallace, his handsome, well-born roommate who explored 1950's Africa on behalf of the British government; and Helen Gardner, the woman they both loved. A mis-sent letter sends Hopkins on a journey to find Helen, and into his own past, and as the novel unfolds we learn of the tragedy that changed all their lives forever. Romantic and nostalgic, Triangulation perfectly captures the essence of a more innocent age as it tells an unforgettable story of doomed love.
 id : 235210 ISBN : 0553486861  | name : And the Two Shall Meet  |  description : Amy's indulgence in extreme sports changes her life forever.
 id : 235211 ISBN : 0553487329  | name : Too Many Good-byes  |  description : Jessica thought changing schools was hard. Now she's moving to another state. What about her friends, her boyfriend--her life? Elizabeth is trying to follow her parents' advice and stay positive. But if she could have one wish, it would be to stay in Sweet Valley.
 id : 235213 ISBN : 0553487159  | name : The Beginning  |  description : Amy is going back to the place where she was born -- Washington, D.C. It's a class trip to take in the historic sights of the nation's capital. Sure, Amy's uneasy about traveling to the home turf of the people who funded Project Crescent -- the reason she's alive -- and is in constant fear of being captured. But it's a chance to connect with her roots. After all, what could go wrong? Well, Amy's mother is a class chaperone, and for her the trip stirs up memories. Memories of working in the top-secret government program to develop clones. Memories of a loved one's battle against a rare genetic disorder. Memories of betrayal, and a decision that would forever change her life. And now the trip back to where it all began pits mother and daughter against an enemy both old and new.
 id : 235214 ISBN : 0375803386  | name : Mr. Nice Guy  |  description : When Simon Camden wants something, he goes for it. While sometimes he feels his dog, Happy, is the only one who understands him, Simon is the first to help anyone in distress, even if it means putting some of his big plans on hold.
 id : 235215 ISBN : 0688080499  | name : The Supermarket Epicure  |  description : The author, whose innovative supermarket cooking school was featured in People magazine, gives shoppers a cookbook that guarantees the good life without leaving the local supermarket, and provides stylish food for all lifestyles.
 id : 235217 ISBN : 0553487469  | name : Return of the Perfect Girls  |  description : Who will survive the dangers of the island? Palm trees swaying in the breeze. An azure sky. A sun-drenched beach. Crystal-clear water. Amy wants to believe the island is a tropical paradise–except she’s not there by choice, and the company she’s keeping doesn’t always inspire sisterly love. The other Amys are on the island. Andy and his “brothers” are nearby. And bad people want them to do bad deeds. Amy’s got to rally the rebellious clones–if they all want to end up as survivors.
 id : 235220 ISBN : 0769612857  | name : Fishin with Grandpa  |  description : Brother and sister Bunny spend a day with Grandpa learning to fish.
 id : 235221 ISBN : 0553152750  | name : Little Duck Finds a Friend  |  description : The reader's choices determine the experiences of a duck who tries to find someone to play with in a new town.
 id : 235222 ISBN : 0399518096  | name : LYLE  |  description : A sourcebook and price guide to American collectibles covers baseball cards, toys, comics, furniture, china, glass, silver, Elvis memorabilia, Disney collectibles, and other items
 id : 235226 ISBN : 0194219321  | name : The Watchers  |  description : Reading level: 1 [green].
 id : 235227 ISBN : 0152010904  | name : Bear Day  |  description : A bear enjoys every moment of the day, from eating grapes in the morning to walking on the roadside to dreaming with Teddy by his side.
 id : 235229 ISBN : 0435271547  | name : Sara Says No!  |  description : This is a Starter Level story in a series of ELT readers comprising a wide range of titles - some original and some simplified - from modern and classic novels, and designed to appeal to all age-groups, tastes and cultures. The books are divided into five levels: Starter Level, with about 300 basic words; Beginner Level (600 basic words); Elementary Level (1100); Intermediate Level (1600); and Upper Level (2200). Some of the titles are also available on cassette.
 id : 235230 ISBN : 0896890945  | name : Collecting Toys  |  description : This thoroughly comprehensive book on collectible toys has undergone a complete revision and update with thousands of new entries and photos being added since the fifth edition. A favorite of toy collectors worldwide, the book makes informative and entertaining reading for non-collectors as well. Photos.
 id : 235231 ISBN : 0194219356  | name : The Eyes of Montezuma  |  description : Shelley Marn is a Californian student on holiday in Europe. She meets ayoung English couple, Clare and Nick Harman. The Harmans ask Shelley to havelunch with them. Shelley agrees, but strangely, she never arrives. Why? What hashappened?
 id : 235233 ISBN : 0805001131  | name : The Rails I Tote  |  description : Forty-five puzzles that offer hours of mind-boggling fun as readers attempt tofind a spoonerized phrase in an illustration that is accompanied by a strange story, and turn the phrase back to its original form. Illustrated.
 id : 235234 ISBN : 031202309X  | name : A Very Parochial Murder  |  description : The murder of local troublemaker Jimmy Doyle is greeted with relief by most, but Chief Inspector Lyle's findings about the killer prove more troubling than Jimmy ever had been
 id : 235236 ISBN : 0440767016  | name : Otherwise Known as Sheila the Great  |  description : Sheila Tubman (Peter Hatcher's sworn enemy) sometimes wonders who she really is: the outgoing, witty, and capable Sheila the Great, or the secret Sheila, who's afraid of spiders, the dark, swimming and, most of all, dogs. When her family leaves the city for a summer in the country, Sheila has to face some of her worst fears. Not only does a dog come with the rented house, but her parents expect Sheila to take swimming lessons! Sheila does her best to pretend she's an expert at everything, but she knows she isn't fooling her new best friend, Mouse Ellis, who not only is an outstanding swimmer, but loves dogs! What will it take for Sheila to admit to Mouse and to herself that she's only human? "It's hard to imagine any child who wouldn't enjoy this absolute lark of a book." - Publishers Weekly
 id : 235238 ISBN : 0847681386  | name : The Case for Vegetarianism  |  description : A moral argument based on animal rights, health, global ecology, and world hunger.
 id : 235239 ISBN : 091668296X  | name : French in 10 Minutes a Day  |  description : A textbook/workbook for learning French quickly, along with cultural information and practical travel tips.
 id : 235240 ISBN : 0812026357  | name : French the Easy Way  |  description : Presents fundamentals of French grammar for high-school students who are familiar with basic elements of the French language.
 id : 235242 ISBN : 087596107X  | name : Routing and Shaping  |  description : Tips for better woodworking.
 id : 235244 ISBN : 0312017952  | name : Murder at the Blue Owl  |  description : While spending a relaxing weekend with her friend's eccentric mother, former screen star Margali Bowman, pregnant police detective Deb Ralston finds herself embroiled in an inheritance scam and murder
 id : 235246 ISBN : 0899542204  | name : Whisper the Winged Unicorn  |  description : Whisper overcomes her fears and learns to fly with the help of Dorian, a friendly dragon.
 id : 235247 ISBN : 0789406071  | name : Roses  |  description : In memory of Elaine White given by Library Staff.
 id : 235248 ISBN : 0899542786  | name : A Wish for Whisper  |  description : Whisper searches for a cure for her boredom, but finds that all the other animals are dissatisfied with their lives.
 id : 235251 ISBN : 0399138838  | name : Monster Trucks & Hair-in-a-can  |  description : Provides a humorous account of entrepreneurship from breeding racing pigs to making monster trucks, proving that America is still the land of opportunity.
 id : 235253 ISBN : 0806518308  | name : The Wicca Source Book  |  description : Lists Wiccan/Pagan organizations, churches, schools, and bookstores, and collects mail order sources for New Age, Wiccan, Pagan, and astrological books and supplies
 id : 235254 ISBN : 0312114281  | name : The Green Mosaic  |  description : The latest case for reporter and amateur detective T. S. W. Sheridan involves the death of a radical female environmentalist deep in the Adirondacks and leads to a puzzle full of jealousies, cultural hostilities, and a twist of danger.
 id : 235255 ISBN : 067189188X  | name : Cat Burglar on the Prowl  |  description : Best friends Rosie and Kayo enter their cats in the local show--but someone steals Rosie's cat Webster and some super sleuthing is required. From the author of Nightmare Mountain and Terror at the Zoo.
 id : 235256 ISBN : 0395515874  | name : The Princess in the Pigpen  |  description : Elizabeth, a duke's daughter sick with fever, travels through time from Elizabethan England to a farm in modern Iowa, where she has difficulty convincing anyone of the truth of her story.
 id : 235257 ISBN : 1565077865  | name : Dear Theodora  |  description : A young set out to earn money for her povery stricken people.
 id : 235258 ISBN : 1565077849  | name : The Time of Roses  |  description : A young woman must decide whether to confess the truth or continue her deceptive charade.
 id : 235259 ISBN : 0874064074  | name : That's What Friends Are for  |  description : Joy and other club members are throwing a party for a famous star of their own age, but the young girl seems unhappy and no one knows why.
 id : 235262 ISBN : 0816734283  | name : Ghost of a Chance  |  description : Molly and Josh investigate the mystery surrounding a ghost and a 100-year-old murder.
 id : 235264 ISBN : 0553482149  | name : Lila's Little Sister  |  description : Volunteering at the local day-care center, Lila learns that Ellie McMillan, one of the little girls there, feels left out by her mother's new boyfriend, and when Ellie runs away to Lila's house, Lila worries about losing the child's trust. Original.
 id : 235267 ISBN : 0553482025  | name : Save the Unicorns!  |  description : Jessica gets caught stealing the principal's hairpiece on a dare. He punishes the Unicorn Club members to working thirty hours in a day-care center, only to later disolve the Unicorn Club for good.
 id : 235269 ISBN : 3593368188  | name : Simplify your life  |  description : Verständlich dargestellte Methode, wachsenden Schwierigkeiten und Zwängen des Lebens durch die Umkehrung der Leistungsspirale entgegenzuwirken und so vom Äusserlichen zum Wesentlichen zu gelangen.
 id : 235270 ISBN : 089577531X  | name : Draw an airplane  |  description : As Hare and Bear draw themselves an airplane and take off for a flight, young artists can follow each step of the drawing by copying the lines in the colored boxes in the corner of each spread.
 id : 235280 ISBN : 0300028849  | name : 1587, a Year of No Significance  |  description : Creates a portrait of the world and culture of late imperial China by examining the lives of seven prominent officials and members of the Ming ruling class
 id : 235284 ISBN : 0736410341  | name : Winnie the Pooh's School Days  |  description : Four board books in a carry-along box!
 id : 235286 ISBN : 0393040003  | name : Roger Ebert's Book of Film  |  description : The Pulitzer Prize-winning film critic assembles and introduces more than one hundred essays and articles about film, with entries by and about movie stars, famous directors, industry executives, and critics. Tour.
 id : 235287 ISBN : 0531091848  | name : How They Built Long Ago  |  description : Discusses the principles of architecture and the development of building techniques from the Stone Age through the Renaissance, emphasizing such monuments as the Pyramids, Stonehenge, the Parthenon, and the Great Wall.
 id : 235290 ISBN : 0534179223  | name : People, Penguins, and Plastic Trees  |  description : Stressing the importance of understanding the grounds and the consequences of ethical or normative decision making, this collection of classic essays compiled by Pierce and VanDeVeer, examines disputes surrounding animals, ecosystems, the land, and their own proper place in the ongoing network of lives on this planet. A central question is "how can we live lives that are both personally satisfying but which are also ecologically sound and responsible?"
 id : 235291 ISBN : 0152021965  | name : Mama Played Baseball  |  description : Young Amy helps her mother to get a job as a player in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League while Amy's father is serving in the Army during World War II.
 id : 235293 ISBN : 0811832139  | name : Dean & DeLuca  |  description : In the alphabet of gourmets, D stands for Dean & DeLuca, long considered one of the finest food emporiums in the world. Now they bring their vast culinary expertise to this stunning new cookbook with over 80 inspired recipes, each complemented by carefully chosen wines. Chapters take us from aperitifs and appetizers, salads, and entrees, right through to desserts and melt-in-the-mouth friandises to enjoy with coffee or after-dinner drinks. Balsamic-Glazed Mushrooms whet the appetite, accompanied by a glass of Zinfandel. Duck Breasts with Caramelized Pears delight the palate with a tangy Riesling. Chocolate Truffle Tartlets satisfy the sweet tooth when daringly paired with Cabernet port. But this is more than a delectable cookbook. It includes a primer on wine (with particular advice on California wines and why certain varietals bring out the flavors of various dishes), a handy food and wine matching chart, and a glossary of unusual terms and ingredients. Rich color photography highlights both the painterly landscapes of fertile vineyards and a host of exquisite dishes. A glorious celebration of the many pleasures of the table.
 id : 235294 ISBN : 0399133259  | name : I Think I Don't Remember  |  description : A collection of remembrances about American politics and Presidents of the recent past.
 id : 235296 ISBN : 8480764252  | name : Cocina/Tendencias. Wok  |  description : Un nuevo concepto de libros de cocina sumamente prácticos para aquellos que se sienten a gusto cocinando. Una colección para personas que ya han visto parte del mundo; las recetas son sanas y fáciles de preparar, además de internacionales. Cada volumen incluye 50 recetas clásicas con las últimas tendencias. Diversa, asequible y sana: ésta es la fórmula del éxito de la cocina con wok. Diversa, asequible y sana: ésta es la fórmula del éxito de la cocina con wok. Ya se trate de saltear, rehogar, freír o cocer al vapor, todo es sencillo y rápido con el wok. El resultado se aprecia fácilmente: hortalizas multicolores, arroz aromático y carne crujiente, atractivos a la vista y al paladar. Descubra la magia de la cocina asiática con el wok con estas 50 recetas tentadoras, clásicas, fáciles y refinadas con las nuevas tendencias, que se ilustran con vistosas fotografías y se acompañan con instrucciones paso a paso. Una obra imprescindible para todos los aficionados al wok y para los que desean serlo.
 id : 235297 ISBN : 0231110936  | name : Families We Choose  |  description : This study brings together two areas of investigation: relationships of gay and lesbian individuals with their biological families, and lesbian and gay relationships in the context of research on alternative forms of family.
 id : 235298 ISBN : 8466205535  | name : Sushi & sashimi, teriyaki & tempura  |  description : Las mejores recetas de la comida tradicional y milenaria de Japón están reunidas en este volumen que cuida la estética del refinamiento y aporta toda la ayuda paso a paso sobre la preparación, los utensilios y las técnicas de la gastronomía japonesa.
 id : 235299 ISBN : 0816726981  | name : Puzzles, Riddles and Muddles  |  description : Presents a number of puzzles involving words, numbers, logic, and visual clues.
 id : 235300 ISBN : 0912670673  | name : Women Have Always Worked  |  description : TRACES THE INVOLVEMENT OF POOR, MINORITY, AND MIDDLE CLASS AMERICAN WOMEN IN HOUSEHOLD WORK, WAGE LABOR, SOCIAL REFORM, AND DEPRESSION AND WARTIME LABOR FORCES.
 id : 235302 ISBN : 0822406268  | name : Beautiful Junk  |  description : Creative classroom uses for recyclable materials.
 id : 235303 ISBN : 0891097880  | name : The Message Psalms  |  description : Paraphrased by Peterson in easy-to-read modern English 4 1/8 x 6 1/8 % Font size: 9
 id : 235304 ISBN : 0764151193  | name : Modern Painting  |  description : Brilliant full-color reproductions of 500 works by 100 master painters.
 id : 235306 ISBN : 0899972276  | name : How to Rent a Public Cabin in Southcentral Alaska  |  description : How to Rent a Public Cabin in Southcentral Alaska covers every public cabin and hut in Southcentral Alaska, a triangular region whose west point is Kodiak Island, east point is Cordova (Prince William Sound), and north point is Denali State Park. Andromeda Romano-Lax comprehensively describes 105 public cabins for rent, with 49 of the more accessible and popular cabins highlighted and described in greater detail. You will also find 12 easy-to-read maps of the areas covered and photos of each cabin. Each listing includes: A complete description of each cabin, including type of structure, sleeping facilities, and cooking, heating, outhouse, and water availability; detailed information on rental procedure, cost, capacity, and dates available; directions to each site, scenery descriptions, wildlife-viewings, and recreational opportunities.
 id : 235307 ISBN : 048622824X  | name : The Art Deco Style  |  description : A collection of plates representing the best works of Art Deco produced during the twenties
 id : 235309 ISBN : 3822820970  | name : 1000 Photo Icons  |  description : A unique survey of photography from its origins until now From a delivery boy to one of the most important industrialists in American history, George Eastman's career developed in a particularly American way. The founder of Kodak died in 1932, and left in his will his house to the University of Rochester. Since 1949 the site has operated as an international museum of photography and film, and today holds the largest collection of its kind in the world. The continually expanding photography collection contains over 400,000 images and negatives - among them the work of Alfred Stieglitz, Edward Steichen, Ansel Adams and others - as well as 23,000 cinema films, 5 million film stills, one of the most important silent film collections, technical equipment and a library with 40,000 books on photography and film. The George Eastman House is a pilgrimage site and a place of worship for researchers, photographers and collectors from all over the world. This volume shows in chronological order the most impressive images and the most important developments in the art of light that is photography. It offers in its huge collection and themes a unique survey of the medium from its origins until now.
 id : 235310 ISBN : 0028642163  | name : Alpha Teach Yourself Business Plans in 24 Hours  |  description : A step-by-step guide to researching, creating, writing and presenting a successful business plan.
 id : 235312 ISBN : 1558611452  | name : Paper Fish  |  description : In this magical and moving first novel, Tina De Rosa draws her reader deep into the world of an Italian-American family and community. Set on the West Side of Chicago during the 1940s and 1950s, Paper Fish is populated not by wiseguys or madonnas, but by hard-working immigrants whose heroism lies in their quiet, sometimes tragic humanity. At the center of the novel is young Carmolina, who is torn between the bonds of the past and the pull of the future - a need for family and a yearning for independence. As Carmolina's story unfolds, it comes to contain many other narratives: memories and legends from the old country, passed on by her wise and loving grandmother Doria; the courtship tale of her father, an Italian-American policeman with a gentle heart and an artist's soul, and her mother, a lonely Lithuanian-American waitress; and the painful story of Dorina, her beautiful but silent sister.
 id : 235313 ISBN : 0486217795  | name : Hand Shadows to be Thrown Upon the Wall  |  description : Explains the finger and hand positioning for a variety of shadow forms
 id : 235314 ISBN : 0151010447  | name : The Mrs. Dalloway Reader  |  description : This first volume of its kind contains the complete text of and guide to Virginia Woolf's masterpiece plus Mrs. Dalloway's Party, and numerous journal entries and letters by Virginia Woolf relating to the book's genesis and writing. The distinguished novelist Francine Prose has selected these pieces as well as essays and appreciations, critical views, and commentary by writers famous and unknown. This complete volume illuminates the creation of a beloved book and the genius of its author.
 id : 235315 ISBN : 9681508122  | name : Don Quijote de la Mancha  |  description : El clsico de la literatura espaola presentado en versin facsimilar de la edicin de Ignacio Cumplido de 1842. Incluye una nota bibliogrfica de Ignacio Cumplido y el prefacio de Luis Arroyo Zapatero rector de la Universidad Castilla-La Mancha al momento de la publicacin. La edicin contiene la reproduccin de las lminas en blanco y negro del siglo XIX. / This Spanish literature classic is presented in a facsimile version of the 1842 edition by Ignacio Cumplido. It includes a bibliographical note by Cumplido and a foreword by Luis Arroyo Zapatero dean of the University Castilla-La Mancha. This edition also contains the reproduction of the black and white gravures of the XIX century.
 id : 235316 ISBN : 0385509596  | name : Mind Your Own Business  |  description : In the bestselling tradition of Max DePree's LEADERSHIP IS AN ART, LEADING FROM THE HEART offers strong, iconoclastic, often contrarian opinions about leadership, including: - Do more for your workers, for your employees are everything. - The secret to successful leadership is communication. - Lead from the bottom up. - The perfect classroom is two people on a log, where no one can tell who is the teacher and who is the student. - Above all, a CEO must inspire others. What makes these opinions so compelling is the success of the man who holds them. Sidney Hannan, the chairman and CEO of Hannan International, the world's premier manufacturer of high-end audio equipment, has also served as the Assistant Secretary under President Carter and the President of Friends World College. His company has flourished while others floundered thanks to his "maverick" style of management, rejecting the notion of CEO as top-down commander and instead, creating a culture of personal integrity and responsibility from the bottom-up. Hannan International's top executives resemble a jazz quartet; a team who listens to and improvises with one another to create harmony. Hannan believes that his employees are everything; he has created schools at his worksites that teach English, basic math, health and music, and encouraged their aspirations in the company. At 84, Sidney Hannan, who works out everyday thinks an "idea a day" is more important than an apple, and believes the key to long life is curiosity. LEADING FROM THE HEART gets to the heart about how to bring strength, vitality, and longevity to your business and your life.
 id : 235317 ISBN : 1562948954  | name : Brain Surgery for Beginners and Other Major Operations for Minors  |  description : Your brain controls every part of your body, from head to toe. It converts sound waves into noises recognizable to your ears and upside-down images into right side-up pictures recognizable by your eyes. This imaginative book looks at all aspects of the human body from the vantage point of this amazing control center known as the brain. Full-color illustrations.
 id : 235319 ISBN : 8401459338  | name : El cambio del poder  |  description : "El cambio del poder es la culminacion de un esfuerzo de veinticinco anos que se propuso dar sentido a los asombrosos cambios con los que vamos a traspasar el umbral del siglo XXI." En la simplicidad de esa frase se esconde la mejor definicion para una obra que marca el final de una completa trilogia. Asi, Alvin Toffler - autor del libro y uno de los "profetas" mas importantes de nuestro tiempo- ofrece, una decada antes del comienzo del nuevo milenio, su vision sobre los grandes acontecimientos que regiran el mundo. Y explica como se pueden aprovechar sus impactos.La obra, al igual que sus predecesoras, El shock del futuro y La tercera Ola, expone un analisis claro de la nueva civilizacion. Para esto propone observar la profunda relacion que existe entre eventos aparentemente inconexos. A lo largo del texto, demuestra que las reestructuraciones corporativas no son mas que las primeras salvas de futuras batallas empresariales. Y sube la apuesta. Toffler describe las tensas relaciones entre los paises de primer nivel por la supervivencia.El libro trata en profundidad las crecientes luchas por el poder que se generan a medida que se diluye el dominio de la civilizacion industrial. Centra el papel del conocimiento en relacion al poder, presenta una nueva teoria de dominio social, y examina los cambios que se avecinan en los negocios, la economia, la politica y los asuntos mundiales. "Las estadisticas cambian, las nuevas tecnologias suplantan a las viejas y los politicos pasan -asegura Toffler-. Sin embargo, es mejor tener un mapa, aunque sea general e incompleto, que no tener mapa alguno."
 id : 235320 ISBN : 0590416340  | name : The First Dinosaurs  |  description : Brief text and illustrations introduce the characteristics and natural environment of thirteen early dinosaurs such as Saltopus and Dimetrodon. Includes a glossary of terms and miscellanous facts about dinosaurs.
 id : 235321 ISBN : 8401450837  | name : Guía de la Biblia  |  description : Part of a two-volume set covering both the New and Old Testaments, this guideclarifies topics of the New Testament.
 id : 235323 ISBN : 0696018942  | name : On the Farm  |  description : Shares recipes and ideas for things to make, including calico sheep, farm vehicles, and a barn and silo.
 id : 235324 ISBN : 9500824175  | name : La empresa de servicios profesionales 50  |  description : En la nueva era tecnologica los promotores del conocimiento economico son las Empresas de servicios profesionales. La economia evoluciona a velocidad cibernetica. El nuevo juego: promover el conocimiento. Y el nuevo modelo organizativo: la Empresa de servicios profesionales. Estos dinamos impulsados a fuerza de proyectos desde hace mucho dominan el arte de pacer el trabajo que importa y tienen los meritos para demostrarlo. La empresa de servicios profesionales 50 le ensena como transformar su departamento (B!o nuevo emprendimiento de dos personas!) en un sensacional centro de ganancias que se convierta en un iman para los grandes talentos. Con 50 secciones de facil comprension y mas de 200 cosas para hacer, Tom Peters lo explica todo: como generar urgencia y emocion, como convertirse en socio de su cliente (y, de ser necesario, despedirlo), como dominar el flujo de la informacion y los cronogramas, como disenar espacios dinamicos, y producir resultados ... siempre. Este libro es de lectura obligada en el nuevo milenio.
 id : 235325 ISBN : 0531113043  | name : Women in the Middle East  |  description : Discusses the lives of women in the Middle East today including the traditions that shape these lives, the present day social and political realities, and changing expectations.
 id : 235326 ISBN : 0843114835  | name : Little Miss Magic  |  description : Mr. Happy asks little Miss Magic to help stop Mr. Tickle from tickling everyone so often.
 id : 235329 ISBN : 0816731012  | name : We Want to Win!  |  description : While excitedly preparing for an upcoming karate competition, ten-year-old Jonathan and his friends worry about being good enough to win.
 id : 235330 ISBN : 0140233695  | name : How to Be Hap-Hap-Happy Like Me!  |  description : The hip and hilarious author of What the Dogs Have Taught Me returns with a comic approach to self-help and happiness, heroically undertaking the task of acting out the best how to be happy suggestions from the repository of wisdom on the subject, The 365 Days to a Happier Life desk calendar.
 id : 235331 ISBN : 0816729638  | name : Silly Haunted House Jokes  |  description : Riddles feature ghosts, supernatural creatures, and haunted houses.
 id : 235332 ISBN : 155521729X  | name : 100 Magic Tricks  |  description : A range of tricks using easily available materials. Includes tips on creating and presenting a magic show.
 id : 235336 ISBN : 059040783X  | name : Hank and Frank Fix Up the House  |  description : When Hank and Frank get a call to fix up an old house, they are so enthusiastic that they don't realize they're working on the wrong house.
 id : 235337 ISBN : 0671869523  | name : The Ghost of Whispering Rock  |  description : This delightful tale has "an appealing setting . . . (and) the dialogue is often entertainingly grouchy" (Bulletin of the Center for Children's Books).When cousins Amy and Ericka spend the summer together, Amy tells Erika a g host story that scares the life out of her. Then Erika puts Amy to the test.
 id : 235338 ISBN : 0786700246  | name : The Mammoth Book of Historical Whodunnits  |  description : Gathers historical mysteries by Elizabeth Peters, Ellis Peters, John Dickson Carr, and Joe Gores
 id : 235339 ISBN : 0448405997  | name : Find Your Way to Jurassic Park  |  description : The reader's decisions may turn a visit to Grandma in St. Louis into an adventure with dinosaurs running amok at Jurassic Park
 id : 235343 ISBN : 0394503686  | name : The Mirage  |  description : Published two years after their award-winning newspaper series, this is the compelling, day-by-day account of two Sun-Times reporters who infiltrated the small businessman's world to expose corruption within the Chicago government. Zekman and Smith bought The Mirage tavern, then sat back and recorded the parade of city inspectors, liquor vendors, tradesmen, and others with their sticky fingers extended. With evidence in hand, they shut down the bar and wrote a series of articles that have never been matched in intensity and long-term effect. The Mirage became synonymous with Chicago corruption. The journalistic accolades also flowed in, but the Zekman and Smith's bid for the biggest-the Pulitzer Prize-was torpedoed, perhaps by jealous colleagues at another major metropolitan paper. This edition includes a new afterword by the authors.
 id : 235344 ISBN : 1567311776  | name : Weddings from the Heart  |  description : A beautiful guidebook for couples who want to create their own wedding ceremony. This edition includes over 100 thoughts on love to help create the perfect ceremony.
 id : 235345 ISBN : 0891077723  | name : The Old Man  |  description : An Emerson Dunn Mystery: I used to think Great Whites were the meanest sharks alive. But they're nothing compared to hungry loan sharks. Once again I, Emerson Dunn am helpless and confused and feeling like a long-tailed cat in a room full of rockers.
 id : 235346 ISBN : 0553480715  | name : Dress Code Mess  |  description : Angered at her school's new dress code, Lenni exercises her freedom of speech and uses her talent for writing and performing rap music to protest it, in an activity book that teaches readers how to use meter and rhyme. Original.
 id : 235348 ISBN : 1560446382  | name : Best Easy Day Hikes Shenandoah  |  description : This handy guide includes 28 of the best day hikes in Virginia's popular national park. The hikes vary in length, but most are short and not too strenuous. To simplify hike selection, the trips are ranked from easiest to hardest. For visitors with only a day or two to explore Shenandoah, this is the book to pack.
 id : 235349 ISBN : 0380716356  | name : The Jellyfish Season  |  description : I thought becoming a teenager was going to be fun. Instead., the summer I turned thirteen my life turned upside-down. Dad lost his job and we moved into my aunt and uncle's beach house. Sounded great-but not When I had to share a room with my boy-crazy cousin Fay. Fay was having plenty of fun, but I just got to sit on the beach and watch. It seemed like Fay had the kind of teenage life I only dreamed of. But then the end of summer came and everything seemed different. It looked as if my life might even turn fun-side-up.
 id : 235350 ISBN : 0449903206  | name : Rebecca West, a Life  |  description : Celebrated novelist, acerbic critic, and journalist without peer, friend and lover of the great and gifted, social and sexual rebel, observer of modern history's turning points, Rebecca West led one of the great lives of the twentieth century. In this first full-scale biography of Rebecca West, the widely admired biographer Victoria Glendinning captures that life in all its disturbing brilliance and haunting pain.
 id : 235353 ISBN : 0671413759  | name : I Can Draw Animals  |  description : Offers instructions, in easy-to-follow steps, for transforming simple shapes into pictures of various animals.
 id : 235355 ISBN : 067170446X  | name : I Can Draw Christmas  |  description : Easy instructions for drawing all the wonderful images of Christmas--trees, toys, stockings, wreaths, and, of course, Santa and his reindeer.
 id : 235356 ISBN : 0385195214  | name : Draw Fifty Famous Cartoons  |  description : A barrel of laughs is what aspiring cartoonists of all ages will have while they learn to draw their favorite characters from the funny pages.
 id : 235357 ISBN : 0590418254  | name : Trapped in Time  |  description : A mysterious old watch takes Nathan and Audrey two hundred years back in time, where they accidentally cause problems for a young drummer boy.
 id : 235358 ISBN : 0843937858  | name : Sara's Bounty  |  description : Determined to avenge himself on the lawless Dalton gang, Deke Bonner is unprepared for the feelings he has for Sara Dalton, a young woman who teams up with Deke to bring her renegade brothers back home. Original.
 id : 235359 ISBN : 0140346813  | name : At the Sound of the Beep  |  description : Fearing they will be separated after their parents' divorce, twins Mathew and Mathilda flee to San Franciso's Golden Gate Park, where they live with the homeless and become involved in solving a murder.
 id : 235360 ISBN : 1879360365  | name : Urban Romance  |  description : Dwayne, a street-wise music critic from Brooklyn, and Danielle, an Ivy-League-educated editor, meet and fall in love in spite of their differences, but Danielle's pregnancy soon puts their love to the test. Reprint. IP.
 id : 235361 ISBN : 044990329X  | name : Pet Day Surprise  |  description : Jeffrey and his ghostly friend Max stir up suspense, mystery, and laughs as Max "helps" Jeffrey find an animal to bring to school for Pet Day and finds plenty of trouble, too.
 id : 235362 ISBN : 0385333285  | name : Hollywood Nocturnes  |  description : Available for the first time in trade paperback, "Hollywood Nocturnes" offers six stories written by the author of "L.A. Confidential", set in the exotic noir locale of Los Angeles in the late 1940s and the 1950s.
 id : 235363 ISBN : 0140360522  | name : Hangman  |  description : A slumber party game of hangman becomes deadly when a horrifying intruder decides to play.
 id : 235364 ISBN : 0553560115  | name : Soccer Star  |  description : You are a new player for one of the top soccer schools in the country. The decisions you make, both on and off the field, will determine whether or not you score big as a soccer superstar.
 id : 235365 ISBN : 1892281163  | name : Theoretically Dead  |  description : A tangled web of murdered philosophers, suspicious police, irate college officials - and frozen sperm.
 id : 235367 ISBN : 0816725799  | name : 102 School Jokes  |  description : A collection of riddles about school, including "What do pigs bring home from school at the end of a semester? Repork cards."
 id : 235368 ISBN : 0062517333  | name : Lit From Within  |  description : Some women exude radiance -- a glow that brings out the inherent beauty -- beyond conventional "prettiness." This quality, says women's wellness visionary Victoria Moran, is independent of age or body type. Rather, it is the result of a well-tended soul. In this inspirational and Wise book, Moran shares the wisdom and experience from her own search for inner and outer beauty. Her thoughtful observations and advice show how anyone can transform their thinking about what makes us beautiful, while providing simple guidance for creating a radiance that only comes from within. Each compact essay contains a tool you can Put to use today to heighten your awareness of your own inner beauty. With her trademark candor, Moran illustrates how true beauty comes from a sense of wholeness. She combines tips for taking care of your spirit with simple techniques for tending the needs of your body and essays on self-affirmation and the care and feeding of the soul. Women of all ages will relate to Moran's reflections on her journey to a deeper understanding of inner radiance -- beauty that is soul deep. This sane, sensible approach to a strong self-image and loving self-care is firmly grounded in spiritual common sense, the marriage of body and soul. You start by lighting up your life -- and before you know it, you're lighting up the room.
 id : 235370 ISBN : 0893750514  | name : I Can Read about Dinosaurs  |  description : Beginning readers can learn fascinating facts & information about dinosaurs
 id : 235371 ISBN : 8424128044  | name : Tales of the Alhambra  |  description : Los Cuentos de la Alhambra son una serie de relatos ocurridos o relacionados con este bello edificio, gracias a ello el lector pasará un rato entretenido y además conocerá muchas curiosidades sobre la Alhambra.
 id : 235372 ISBN : 0590330497  | name : Dinosaur Adventure  |  description : Readers choose from eleven different story endings when Uncle Max's time machine accidently transports them to prehistoric times and a dinosaur steals the key to the machine.
 id : 235374 ISBN : 0310705061  | name : The Great Cheese Squeeze  |  description : This charming book for children ages 4-8 is illustrated by the use of 3-D, computer-generated artwork, resulting in rich detailed visuals and a delightfully whimsical storytelling style. Full color.
 id : 235375 ISBN : 0373193084  | name : Cinderella's Secret Baby  |  description : Cinderella's Secret Baby by Carolyn Zane released on May 25, 1998 is available now for purchase.
 id : 235377 ISBN : 0878577920  | name : Country Wreaths from Caprilands  |  description : Provides step-by-step instructions for creating attractive wreaths and garlands, as well as tips on growing, harvesting, and drying favorite herbs and flowers for wreathmaking and lore relating to the art of making wreaths
 id : 235379 ISBN : 0451518659  | name : 1984  |  description : 1984 has come and gone, but George Orwell's prophetic, nightmare vision in 1949 of the world we were becoming is timelier than ever. 1984 is still the great modern classic negative Utopia - a startling original and haunting novel that creates an imaginary world that is completely convincing from the first sentence to the last four words. No one can deny this novel's power, its hold on the imagination of whole generations, or the power of its admonitions - a power that seems to grow, not lessen, with the passage of time.
 id : 235381 ISBN : 068486875X  | name : Emergence  |  description : In the tradition of "Being Digital" and "The Tipping Point" comes a groundbreaking and engaging book that makes sense of the cutting-edge theory of emergence and demonstrates its relevance in today's world.
 id : 235382 ISBN : 155591330X  | name : Rocky Mountain Skiing  |  description : Here is the ultimate planning guide to skiing in the Rocky Mountain region, including Colorado, Utah, Idaho, Montana, New Mexico, Wyoming, and western Canada. Newly revised, this guide brings to life one of the world's most beautiful winter playgrounds with detailed information ski areas, accommodations, restaurants, and winter and summer activities. Photos. Maps.
 id : 235387 ISBN : 0809230437  | name : Doing Work You Love  |  description : A superb, enlivening books filled with insight, inspiration and very workable methods to get anyone going on their path of authentic and meaningful work.
 id : 235388 ISBN : 1561381144  | name : A Tale of Two Cities  |  description : Relates the adventures of a young Englishman who gives his life during the French Revolution to save the husband of the woman he loves.
 id : 235391 ISBN : 0935161546  | name : Walker's Britain  |  description : The true OC Northern CaliforniaOCO begins north of San Francisco and its urban sprawl, well away from the condominiums, the traffic jams, and the frenetic lifestyle of the city and its satellites OCo in the vicinity of Fort Bragg, halfway up the California coast between San Francisco Bay and the Oregon border. From this point northward, the California climate is different, the scenery is different, and the people are different. This is notaurbanacountry, it isaoutdooracountry, where adventure OCo in one form or another OCo waits just around the bend. Magnificent Mt. Shasta, Marble Mountain Wilderness, Klamatch National Forest, Wild Horse Sanctuary, Pacific Crest Trail OCo these are just a few of the attractions here. Sparsely populated, heavily agricultural, the north-central part of California is a wide valley reaching from the Coast Range of mountains on the west to the mountainous forests on the east. The Gold Rush of the mid-1800s played a prominent role in stimulating the development of this part of the state, and in many places abandoned mines and ghost towns still polka-dot the hillsides. If the land has acquired a reputation as a travel destination, however, it is because of its majestic beauty OCo the beauty of its woods, lakes, rivers, and its singularly outstanding mountain, Mount Shasta. One of the most remote regions in OC the lower 48 states is the northeasterly corner of California. Still, it is beautiful country, checker-boarded with national and state forests, mountains, lakes, rushing rivers, andababbling streams. Cultural excursions, hiking, beach walking, skiing, canoeing, diving, biking, rafting tours - every activity is detailed here, along with all the information on where to stay, including camping, and where to eat in every part of Northern California."
 id : 235392 ISBN : 0312927339  | name : Red Cloud's Revenge  |  description : Following the Fetterman Massacre, both Indian and white leaders prepare for the clashes to come on two consecutive summer days, the Hayfield Fight and Wagon Box Fight of 1867.
 id : 235394 ISBN : 0373190182  | name : Impromptu Bride  |  description : Impromptu Bride by Annette Broadrick released on May 25, 1994 is available now for purchase.
 id : 235395 ISBN : 1550545647  | name : Fishing with My Old Guy  |  description : The true story of four men in search of the world's biggest speckled trout, this fishing story also shows the way of piscatorial pleasure and the love of nature.
 id : 235398 ISBN : 1552781968  | name : Letters from the Country Omnibus  |  description : This omnibus collection of more than 130 of Marsha Boulton’s best-selling tales of an urban woman who trades her high heels for Wellington boots is sure to please anyone who has a hint of a farm background, as well as those who dream of one day connecting to the land. Whether she is scooping up baby chicks with a ladle, foiling mailbox murderers, or planting two acres of pickle cucumbers by hand, Boulton maintains a keen sense of observation, absurdity and affection for her adopted rural landscape. LETTERS FROM THE COUNTRY (the first book in the Omnibus) received the Stephen Leacock Medal for Humour in 1996, and all three books have been bestsellers.
 id : 235400 ISBN : 0743435427  | name : One Thousand Six Hundred Thirty Three  |  description : Hurtled back in time into the Thirty Years' War by an unknown force, Mike Stearns and his fellow West Virginia coal miners join forces with the king of Sweden to take on the scheming Cardinal Richelieu.
 id : 235401 ISBN : 1895811708  | name : Dog Creek  |  description : Hilary profiles memorable characters and events from Dog Creek-a long-gone but once-thriving community. B.C. Studies calls Hilary Place "a sensitive and intelligent voice... that historians can look to for inspiration."
 id : 235402 ISBN : 0880642297  | name : Unfinished Journey  |  description : The autobiography of a renowned violinist who was a child prodigy at the age of seven.
 id : 235403 ISBN : 1886411816  | name : The Book of Filemaker 6  |  description : This complete reference to FileMaker Pro takes developers at all levels beyond the user manual to create robust and dynamic database systems from the ground up. It begins with an introduction to the FileMaker Pro development environment and relational databases in general, but also covers advanced topics.
 id : 235405 ISBN : 140107877X  | name : The Call  |  description : Are there angelic humans? Is the search for the angelic a call from your soul to fulfill an interconnectedness that knows no physical bounds, but opens you to the discovery that this angelic "spirit" is already within you? The Call reveals why this is the time of unfolding consciousness, how you can manifest this consciousness; what purpose Angelic Humans serve in the design of humanity's evolution. This a book of self-discovery; a primer for the soul remembering a calling to this time and space providing a portal through their ever-awakening consciousness for light, truth, and divinity to flow.
 id : 235408 ISBN : 0943358019  | name : Wisdom of the Tarot  |  description : This book relates the path to higher consciousness through the colour, shape, and symbolic forms on the twenty-two Tarot cards. Detailed study and meditation of each card may release internally all that is involved with each level encountered on the journey towards the Light. These cards may be used in conjunction with the text or separately for meditation. When studied individually, a card can reveal the necessary steps that need to be taken to actualise one's potential. Tarot cards, or symbolic representations of the truth have always been used to help man relate not only with the mind, but internally, through the feelings invoked by the colours and forms. The nature of these cards is that they can produce a strong awakening of ones unconscious forces. They are like a spiritual mirror in which we can recognise and examine ourselves. We can then understand that the reasons for our fate lie within ourselves, and changes by the mere fact that we begin to react differently to everything that happens to us. These cards with the text are a valuable key to understand our present state, our past and in a deeper sense, how we create our future. Included in the book are 22 pages of five-colour tarot illustrations.
 id : 235409 ISBN : 2253150231  | name : La petite aux tournesols  |  description : Un été. Une maison en Provence. L'odeur de lavande et de confitures. Mathilde, six ans, découvre un nouvel univers. Autour d'elle, des femmes : sa mère, une amie de celle-ci, également accompagnée de sa fille. Quant à son père, il téléphone... parfois. C'est alors que surgit Rémi, sept ans, la tignasse en bataille et les jambes couleur pain d'épice. Et Mathilde va découvrir l'amour. Un amour fait de jeux, de rires, puis de baisers, puis de caresses... Un amour ou la sensualité se découvre et s'émerveille. Un parcours initiatique où chaque instant est éblouissant comme le jaune des tournesols. Noëlle Châtelet nous révèle les secrets de cet amour enfantin avec une délicatesse, une justesse de touche, une hardiesse aussi, qui ont fait le succès de La Dame en bleu et de La Femme coquelicot - précédents volets d'une " trilogie des couleurs " pleine de charme et de tendresse. " Conte philosophique et roman d'amour au sens noble du terme, La Petite aux tournesols transporte là où l'on n'est plus allé depuis longtemps, sur les genoux de maman, sur la balançoire, puis sous la tente ou derrière la piscine, quand, pour la première fois, le cœur et les sens ont fait ensemble le grand 8. " Claire Fleury, Le Nouvel Observateur.
 id : 235414 ISBN : 0312020724  | name : The Air Traveler's Handbook  |  description : Now fully updated to reflect recent airline mergers, advanced technology, and changes in the airline industry, this handbook provides astounding information about airports, aircraft, and air travel. "I can't imagine what's missing from this (book); you could damn near fly a plane".--New York magazine. Color illustrations.
 id : 235418 ISBN : 013529990X  | name : Legacy of Death  |  description : "The remarkable saga of the Sanson family, who served as executioners of France for seven generations"--
 id : 235419 ISBN : 0684717573  | name : Babylon Revisited, and Other Stories  |  description : Written between 1920 and 1937, when F. Scott Fitzgerald was at the height of his creative powers, these ten lyric tales represent some of the author's finest fiction. In them, Fitzgerald creates vivid, timeless characters -- a dissatisfied southern belle seeking adventure in the north; the tragic hero of the title story who lost more than money in the stock market; giddy and dissipated young men and women of the interwar period. From the lazy town of Tarleton, Georgia, to the glittering cosmopolitan centers of New York and Paris, Fitzgerald brings the society of the "Lost Generation" to life in these masterfully crafted gems, showcasing the many gifts of one of our most popular writers.
 id : 235421 ISBN : 0140032800  | name : Journey Without Maps  |  description : White men were not particularly welcome in Liberia when Graham Greene made it the object of his first journey outside Europe. Drawn by the evident seediness of a republic founded for released slaves and, above all, by the darkness and mystery which Africa has represented for some people in their unconscious minds, he travelled with a chain of porters from the border of Sierra Leone across the headwaters of several rivers and down to the coast at Grand Bassa.
 id : 235423 ISBN : 0374521026  | name : The Tenants  |  description : Two aspiring writers inhabiting an abandoned tenement find themselves locked in a deadly racial confrontation
 id : 235424 ISBN : 0380977036  | name : Ain't Nobody's Business If I Do  |  description : Anybody lucky enough to have experienced the artistry of Valerie Wilson Wesley already knows that her ability to blend wry humor with stark reality is unsurpassed. And now she plies her talents in a new direction in an insightful, poignant story of family ties unraveling and lost loves regained. Eva is alone with an empty heart in a big, empty house. Hutch fears he is falling in love with the neglected wife of his wealthy, philandering best friend. Charley, Eva's law school-bound daughter, forgets her plans for school to become a stand-up comedian. Steven, Hutch's son, harbors a secret that will rock his father's world. And into the mix strolls Isaiah Lonesome, Charley's ex-boyfriend, a handsome hunk of a twenty-eight-year-old jazz musician who will teach Eva to play some lusty new riffs on love's oldest song. And in the end, everyone learns that when it comes to living life to the fullest, and in the quest for true love, it ain't nobody's business how one goes about it. Valerie Wilson Wesley's Ain't Nobody's Business If I Do is a delightful story of an African-American family in transition that is, at once, touching, sad, and funny, and that celebrates love, personal freedom, and the pursuit of happiness with charm, humor, and wisdom.
 id : 235425 ISBN : 0394172116  | name : Monkey  |  description : Probably the most popular book in the history of the Far East, this classic combination of picaresque novel and folk epic mixes satire, allegory, and history into a rollicking tale. It's the story of the roguish Monkey and his encounters with major and minor spirits, gods, demigods, demons, ogres, monsters, and fairies.
 id : 235426 ISBN : 0304329002  | name : What is She Like?  |  description : Rosa Ainley looks at how lesbians see themselves, sexually, socially and politically and at the questions of identity that have always defined and divided the lesbian community. From the repressive 1950s, through so-called sexual liberation in the 1960s to the freedoms and limitations of (lesbian) feminism in the 1970s, she brings her own perspectives to bear on lesbian lives in the 1990s, when lipstick lesbians are the sometime darlings of the mainstream media. In a series of interviews interspersed with the text, over 20 women, of varying ages, races and backgrounds, talk frankly about their lives and lifestyles as lesbians, focusing on their own identity in terms of politics, leisure pursuits, fashion and affiliations.
 id : 235427 ISBN : 0671810014  | name : The Mirror Crack'd  |  description : The quaint village of St. Mary Mead has been glamorized by screen queen Marina Gregg, who's taken up residence in preparation for her comeback. But when a local fan is poisoned, Marina finds herself starring in a real-life mystery--supported with scene-stealing aplomb by Miss Jane Marple, who suspects that the lethal cocktail was intended for someone else. But who? If it was meant for Marina, then why? And before the final fade-out, who else from St. Mary Mead's cast of seemingly innocent characters is going to be eliminated?
 id : 235429 ISBN : 0670809829  | name : The Year at Great Dixter  |  description : Provides a month-by-month description of the author's garden, a British landmark, discusses its design by Edwin Lutyens, and looks at featured species of flowers
 id : 235431 ISBN : 0785809600  | name : Enigmas  |  description : The Mensa Society continues to challenge our intellect with this engaging group of brain teasers. Give your IQ a workout and have fun while solving these word, number, reason and visual puzzles.
 id : 235436 ISBN : 0385473656  | name : And Say Hi to Joyce  |  description : The writer of the first weekly newspaper column to be written from a gay point of view discusses the struggles of gay couples, gay parents, the AIDS crisis, and other topics, and celebrates individuals admired by the gay community.
 id : 235437 ISBN : 0876901658  | name : There are Men Too Gentle to Live Among Wolves  |  description : Poems reflecting on the current generation's search for meaning and truth
 id : 235439 ISBN : 0151756953  | name : Queen Victoria  |  description : This study of the childhood, marriage, and reign of England's beloved queen reveals a tender but determined woman
 id : 235440 ISBN : 0879518774  | name : The Twelve-Step Journal  |  description : The revolutionary workbook designed for anyone embarking on a twelve-step oriented recovery program Created by recovering alcoholic and established psychology writer Claudette Wassil-Grimm, here is the first workbook/journal tailored to help members of twelve-step programs keep a written record of their progress and insights. This structured yet flexible workbook presents a chapter for each of the twelve steps, with a series of exercises and suggestions for journal entries that include such topics as storytelling, dreams, confessions, small progresses and stepping stones, conflicts and resolutions, and reflections. There are even additional blank pages provided at the end for long journal entries. The Twelve-Step Journal adapts beautifully for nearly all recovery programs, whether for alcoholics, overeaters, codependents, workaholics, adult children of alcoholics, or others, and it presents the twelve steps in their original form as well as in an alternate, secular version, making it ideal for both traditional twelve steppers and those who prefer a nontheistic approach. "This book speaks with a genuineness, clarity and simplicity to the deepest experience of what it is like to engage in the process of recovery...an important contribution to the field". -- Marvin H. Berman, Ph.D., President, Mental Illness Chemical Abuse Research & Education (MICARE)
 id : 235441 ISBN : 1585092118  | name : A Short History of the World  |  description : A Short History of the World is a period-piece non-fictional historic work. The book was largely inspired by Wells's earlier 1919 work The Outline of History. It summarises the scientific knowledge of the time regarding the history of Earth and life and begins with its origins, goes on to explain the development of the Earth and life on Earth, reaching primitive thought and the development of humankind from the Cradle of Civilisation.
 id : 235442 ISBN : 0606009833  | name : Red Storm Rising  |  description : When Moslem fundamentalists destroy a key Soviet oil complex, the Russians initiate a plan of diplomatic trickery for their seizure of Persian Gulf oil
 id : 235443 ISBN : 0395410576  | name : The Grand Alliance  |  description : An account of World War II and the union formed between the United States, Great Britain, and the Soviet Union
 id : 235444 ISBN : 0380719193  | name : Homespun  |  description : More than 30 popular tales and anecdotes about the storytellers, and a how-to section for readers to create and tell their own stories.
 id : 235445 ISBN : 0198662211  | name : The Oxford Companion to English Literature  |  description : Contains alphabetical entries including biographical information on authors, composers and artists, plot summaries, movements in literature, literary prizes, and articles on literary societies.
 id : 235446 ISBN : 0394479351  | name : The Fountain Pen Conspiracy  |  description : "How a few dozen professional swindlers are fleecing hundres of millions of dollars from banks, businesses, and private investors - and why they are getting away with it." (From the front cover).
 id : 235447 ISBN : 0757000169  | name : How to Publish Your Articles  |  description : Freelance article writer Kawa-Jump has written a book designed to answer all the novice writer's common questions about getting articles published by magazines, journals, and newspapers. 2-color throughout.
 id : 235451 ISBN : 0870445456  | name : Our Awesome Earth  |  description : Discusses the major ecosystems of the earth and how their processes of renewal continue through the ages to the present.
 id : 235452 ISBN : 0517100347  | name : The Best of Louisa May Alcott  |  description : “A splendid edition–the first contemporary collection of Louisa May Alcott’s novels and stories; one that includes the art of the great nineteenth-century illustrator Frank T. Merrill.” —Madelon Bedell, author ofThe Alcotts: Biography of a Family Louisa May Alcott was a writer who liked to be in intimate touch with the reader. There is a confidential immediacy to her style, often punctuated with sly stabs of satire and irony. One of the principal charms of her writing is her great warmth for her characters, and theirs for one another. Nowhere is this better displayed than in the classicsLittle WomenandLittle Men, which are here in their entirety. The short stories in THE BEST OF LOUISA MAY ALCOTT come from the period of Alcott’s most powerful and mature writing, which began in the 1860s, when she dealt forcibly with real issues and real people. These stories touch on strong human qualities–joy, compassion, humor, courage, dignity, heart-tugging poignancy, guilt, or fancifulness–and portray the moments when those qualities come into focus. Alcott’s work has a wonderful range. There are delicious romance, like the frankly autobiographical “My Boys,” a rollicking account of some of the author’s experiences, full of her salty, sardonic humor and generosity of spirit. There is also “Cupid and Chow-Chow,” still very relevant today, dealing with courage and guilt, and sexism in the nursery. There is comedy and suspense in “Clams,” a marvelous ghost story. There are wonderful animal stories, including “Rosa’s Tale,” the heroine of which is a horse, as well as a description of a day at the zoo in “My May-Day Among Curious Birds and Beasts.” There are also holiday stories here, like “An Old Fashioned Thanksgiving,” and two Christmas stories: “How It All Happened,” and “Tessa’s Surprise.” And perhaps most moving of all is “A Night”, fromHospital Sketches, the story of a nurse’s vigil at the bedside of an extraordinarily brave and dignified soldier wounded in the Civil War. This charming collection, enhanced by beautiful original illustrations, makes clear the timeless appeal of Louisa May Alcott’s work.
 id : 235453 ISBN : 0375902910  | name : Junie B. Jones is Captain Field Day  |  description : As captain of Room Nine's field day team, Junie B. Jones tries to rally her troops after they lose several events.
 id : 235455 ISBN : 0679847618  | name : Head for the Hills!  |  description : A true-life account of the causes and effects of the Johnstown disaster.
 id : 235456 ISBN : 0452268834  | name : Lost in Yonkers  |  description : Neil Simon’s inimitable play about the trials and tribulations that test family ties—winner of the 1991 Pulitzer Prize for Drama. What happens to children in the absence of love? That is the question that lies at the heart of this funny and heartrending play by one of America’s most acclaimed and beloved playwrights. Debuting at the Richard Rodgers Theatre in 1990, Lost in Yonkers went on to win four Tony Awards, including Best Play, as well as the Pulitzer Prize, and tells the moving drama about the cruelties and painful memories that scar a family. It is New York, 1942. After the death of their mother, two young brothers are sent to stay with their formidable grandmother for the longest ten months of their lives. Grandmother Kurnitz is a one-woman German front—a refugee and a widow who has steeled her heart against the world. Her coldness and intolerance have crippled her own children: the boys’ father has no self-esteem; their Aunt Gert has an embarrassing speech impediment; their Uncle Louie is a small-time gangster; and their Aunt Bella has the mentality of a child. But it is Bella's hunger for affection and her refusal to be denied love that saves the boys—and that leads to an unforgettable, wrenching confrontation with her mother. Filled with laughter, tears, and insight, Lost in Yonkers is a heartwarming testament to Neil Simon’s talent.
 id : 235459 ISBN : 0670849936  | name : Volleyball with the Cuna Indians and Other Gay Travel Adventures  |  description : A pioneer in the field of gay group travel traverses the globe in a series of travel vignettes of such locales as Paris, Italy, the Middle East, Beijing, and the San Blas Islands off Panama
 id : 235461 ISBN : 1562829653  | name : Passion of Barbeque  |  description : Until now, this excellent, one-of-a-kind cookbook has been available only through mail order--and still has managed to sell more than 50,000 copies. The popular cooking reference features 123 mouth-watering, award-winning and backyard favorite recipes for meat, chicken and fish dishes.
 id : 235462 ISBN : 0688061125  | name : The Dark Matter  |  description : A fascinating and highly accessible treatment of the intriguing problem facing astronomers and cosmologists today: What is the universe made of, if only 50 percent of it can be accounted for by the luminous matter observable in galaxies?
 id : 235463 ISBN : 0684164981  | name : The Great Gatsby  |  description : For use in schools and libraries only. A young man, newly rich, tries to recapture the past and win back his former love, despite the fact that she is married.
 id : 235466 ISBN : 1850153922  | name : Crafty Ideas from Science  |  description : Provides instructions for simple experiments demonstrating basic scientific principles that also supply the opportunity to practice handicraft skills.
 id : 235467 ISBN : 1850153914  | name : Crafty Ideas for Parties  |  description : Exciting step-by-step projects to make and do.
 id : 235468 ISBN : 0916366731  | name : Garden State  |  description : Alice Smail, a guitar player and short order cook, Dennis Francis, a painter and plumber, Max Crick, a drug dealer, and their friends in Haledon, New Jersey, have to deal with real life and responsibility and the consequences of refusing to face them
 id : 235469 ISBN : 1850153906  | name : Crafty Ideas for Presents  |  description : Exciting step-bystep projects to make and do.
 id : 235470 ISBN : 002307860X  | name : On History  |  description : Immanuel Kant was a philosopher, with a philosophy that seems singularly unlikely to encourage a philosopher to take history seriously. The intelligible world under universal moral law and the world of nature under universal causal law seem the upper and lower millstones of this philosophy, between which all life would be crushed out of history.
 id : 235473 ISBN : 0879857536  | name : How to Take Winning Pictures  |  description : Popular pocket-size guide to taking better photographs. Includes practical advice on capturing a mood, humor, color and composition.
 id : 235474 ISBN : 0198720491  | name : Phaedo  |  description : The Phaedo is acknowledged to be one of Plato's masterpieces, showing him both as a philosopher and as a dramatist at the height of his powers. For its moving account of the execution of Socrates, the Phaedo ranks among the supreme literary achievements of antiquity. It is also a documentcrucial to the understanding of many ideas deeply ingrained in western culture, and provides one of the best introductions to Plato's thought. This new edition is eminently suitable for readers new to Plato, offering a readable translation which is accessible without the aid of a commentary andassumes no prior knowledge of the ancient Greek world or language.
 id : 235475 ISBN : 1568492995  | name : A Spaniard in the Works  |  description : "It is fascinating of course to climb inside a Beatle's head to see what's going on there, but what counts is that what's going on there is really fascinating".--London Sunday Times 30 two-color line drawings.
 id : 235478 ISBN : 0394723309  | name : Earth Ascending  |  description : The author proposes to reveal the "sacred order" of the cosmos in fifty-one detailed maps within a five-part structure called the holonomic equation, which illuminates the synthesis of humankind and nature
 id : 235482 ISBN : 0804464294  | name : El Indio  |  description : An extraordinary novel of Mexican life and people who are descendants of the Aztecs.
 id : 235485 ISBN : 0345313798  | name : Talking with Your Child about Sex  |  description : Dr. Mary Calderone, fromer president and co-founder of the Sex Information and Education Council of the U.S., and Dr. James Ramey, a behavioral scientist, have written an innovative resource book that promises to facilitate the sex education of children. "...constructed with an openness and understanding of (children's) needs at different stages of development. I recommend it not only to parents but to all caretakers of children." -- E. James Anthony, President, American Academy of Child Psychiatry.
 id : 235487 ISBN : 0385016999  | name : To Seek a Newer World  |  description : Published just before his assassination, this compilation summarizes the ideas Kennedy put forth in his public life and as part of his presidential campaign.
 id : 235488 ISBN : 1587761157  | name : Napoleon  |  description : Born seven years before the American Revolution, Napoleon Bonaparte changed the face the Europe, and the world. Ludwig's classic biography traces in scrupulous detail the man, the society, and the historical events?writing during the very next era, a proximity that affords both clarity in focus and a refreshing lack of twentieth century misinterpretation.
 id : 235490 ISBN : 0525474366  | name : Use Both Sides of Your Brain  |  description : Using the latest research on the workings of the human brain, Buzan provides step-by-step exercises for discovering the powers of the right side of the brain and learning to use the left side more effectively. By increasing our understanding of how the mind works, Buzan shows us how to use our brains to the best advantage.
 id : 235492 ISBN : 0823600300  | name : Abstracts of The Standard Edition of the Complete Psychological Works of Sigmund Freud  |  description : Over 600 abstracts (350 words each maximum) of all papers and editor's notes comprising and following the sequence of James Strachey's Standard edition. Arrangement corresponds with the 23 volumes of the original. The accession number assigned to each abstract relates the Tyson and Strachey Chronological hand-list of Freud's works (International journal of psychoanalysis, 1956) to the volume and page number of the Standard edition. KWOC subject index.
 id : 235494 ISBN : 1565120906  | name : Singing for Your Supper  |  description : In this witty and practical successor to RISING TO THE OCCASION, Edith Hazard offers the answer to awkward gatherings--twenty-six games, gimmicks, performance pieces, and projects, that you can bring to dinner parties, cocktails, family outings, and weekends in the country or at the beach. SINGING FOR YOUR SUPPER is illustrated with drawings and diagrams, but it's more than just how-to instructions. This is a philosophy--a way of looking at your role and responsibility when you're invited out. A perfect guest, Hazard suggests, knows when and how to help the host keep things moving. It means giving something of yourself, something that contributes to the success of the event.
 id : 235496 ISBN : 1555832164  | name : Torn Allegiances  |  description : The Story of a Gay Cadet
 id : 235497 ISBN : 0394757025  | name : Blues  |  description : While on a fishing trip an experienced fisherman teaches a young stranger about bluefish and life
 id : 235498 ISBN : 0967993733  | name : God Is No Stranger  |  description : This is a prayer book, but it is unlike many others you may have seen. This book is unique, not only because each prayer is accompanied by a striking photograph. but because each prayer is an example of sincere, heartfelt communication with God. This is a book which teaches the essence of true prayer. These prayers of Haitian Christians reflect the paradoxically childlike yet deep faith of a mountain people who have come to know God as a Friend acquainted with their culture and daily lives. These prayers are refreshing and heartwarming, sometimes almost humorous because of the homespun metaphors that are used. The photograph which accompanies each prayer tells a story by itself.
 id : 235502 ISBN : 0812905660  | name : Bernstein's Reverse Dictionary  |  description : A conventional dictionary lists words alphabetically and gives you their meanings. This unconventional dictionary lists an array of meanings alphabetically and gives you the words. Hence the term, "reverse" dictionary.
 id : 235505 ISBN : 0399234071  | name : So You Want to be President?  |  description : Presents an assortment of facts about the qualifications and characteristics of U.S. presidents, from George Washington to Bill Clinton.
 id : 235506 ISBN : 0861015681  | name : Republic F-105 Thunderchief  |  description : Beskrivelse af Republic F-105 Thunderchief.
 id : 235508 ISBN : 0451517725  | name : Antony and Cleopatra  |  description : Edited, introduced and annotated by Cedric Watts, Research Professor of English, University of Sussex. Antony and Cleopatra is one of Shakespeare's greatest tragedies: a spectacular, widely-ranging drama of love and war, passion and politics. Antony is divided between the responsibilities of imperial power and the intensities of his sexual relationship with Cleopatra. She, variously generous and ruthless, loving and jealous, petulant and majestic, emerges as Shakespeare's most complex depiction of a woman: ‘Age cannot wither her, nor custom staleHer infinite variety.’ Unsurpassed in sumptous eloquence and powerful characterisation, Anthony and Cleopatra deservedly retains its popularity in the theatre. Its insights into the corruptions of power and the ambiguities of desire remain timely. This volume is part of the Wordsworth Classics' Shakespeare Series, in which each volume has been edited by Cedric Watts. Readers wishing to know more of Cedric Watts’ work should buy his ‘Shakespeare Puzzles’, published by PublishNation (ISBN 978-1-291-66410-2), available from Amazon (both in printed and Kindle editions) and through all good bookshops.
 id : 235510 ISBN : 0140390154  | name : Rights of Man  |  description : One of the great classics on democracy, Rights of Man was published in England in 1791 as a vindication of the French Revolution and a critique of the British system of government. In direct, forceful prose, Paine defends popular rights, national independence, revolutionary war, and economic growth—all considered dangerous and even seditious issues. In his introduction Eric Foner presents an overview of Paine's career as political theorist and pamphleteer, and supplies essential background material to Rights of Man. He discusses how Paine created a language of modern politics that brought important issues to the common man and the working classes and assesses the debt owed to Paine by the American and British radical traditions. For more than seventy years, Penguin has been the leading publisher of classic literature in the English-speaking world. With more than 1,700 titles, Penguin Classics represents a global bookshelf of the best works throughout history and across genres and disciplines. Readers trust the series to provide authoritative texts enhanced by introductions and notes by distinguished scholars and contemporary authors, as well as up-to-date translations by award-winning translators.
 id : 235511 ISBN : 0399139788  | name : Blind Justice  |  description : The legendary--and blind--eighteenth-century judge, Sir John Fielding, cofounder of London's first police force, debuts in the case of a lord whose apparent suicide is exposed as a fountainhead of deception, greed, and murder.
 id : 235512 ISBN : 0174435665  | name : Romeo and Juliet  |  description : Romeo and Juliet was the first drama in English to confer full tragic dignity on the agonies of youthful love. The lyricism that enshrines their death-marked devotion has made the lovers legendary in every language that possesses a literature.
 id : 235513 ISBN : 1864470356  | name : Dare, Truth Or Promise  |  description : Winner of the 1998 NZ Post Children's Book of the Year Award and the Senior Fiction Category. First published in New Zealand in 1997, this novel for teenage readers, deals with the complications that arise when two school girls fall in love.
 id : 235514 ISBN : 017443572X  | name : The Two Gentlemen of Verona  |  description : A thoroughly researched, illustrated stage history reveals changing conceptions of the play.
 id : 235515 ISBN : 015626112X  | name : Dog Years  |  description : In this vast novel, packed with incident, Gunter Grass traces the dark labyrinth of the German mentality as it developed during the rise, fall, and aftermath of the Third Reich.
 id : 235516 ISBN : 1852424168  | name : Lee and Elaine  |  description : From the author of If You're a Girl and Armed Response, this novel offers a reflection on fame and why women artists are underrated and eclipsed by their more famous husbands.
 id : 235517 ISBN : 0174435304  | name : Much Ado about Nothing  |  description : Set in a courtly world of masked revels and dances, this play turns on the archetypal story of a lady falsely accused of unfaithfulness, spurned by her bridegroom, and finally vindicated and reunited with him. Villainy, schemes, and deceits threaten to darken the brilliant humor and sparkling wordplay-but the hilarious counterplot of a warring couple, Beatrice and Benedick, steals the scene as the two are finally tricked into admitting their love for each other in Shakespeare's superb comedy of manners. Each Edition Includes: - Comprehensive explanatory notes - Vivid introductions and the most up-to-date scholarship - Clear, modernized spelling and punctuation, enabling contemporary readers to understand the Elizabethan English - Completely updated, detailed bibliographies and performance histories - An interpretive essay on film adaptations of the play, along with an extensive filmography Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 235518 ISBN : 0451159306  | name : Clarence Darrow for the Defense  |  description : A biography of the lawyer who devoted himself to unpopular causes and was involved in some of the most famous and important cases of the early twentieth century.
 id : 235521 ISBN : 0679409955  | name : Women in Love  |  description : Women in Love, the novel that D. H. Lawrence considered his best, is a powerful portrayal of two couples dynamically engaged in a struggle with themselves, with each other, and with life’s intractable limitations. The sisters Ursula and Gudrun Brangwen, whom we first met in Lawrence’s novel The Rainbow, here become involved with two close friends: Rupert, an intellectual school inspector; and Gerald, the wealthy heir to a mine owner. The turbulent relationships that result—chronicled with an emotional and sexual frankness that provoked controversy on the book’s publication in 1920—take the characters from an English landscape of coal mines and sooty factories to the snowy heights of the Alps, where tragedy strikes. Women in Love was written during World War I, and while that conflict is never mentioned in the novel, a sense of background danger, of lurking catastrophe, continually informs its drama. Lawrence was a powerful, prophetic writer, but in addition he brought such delicacy to his treatment of the human and natural worlds that E. M. Forster’s claim that he was the greatest imaginative novelist of his generation does him too little justice rather than too much.
 id : 235522 ISBN : 0140283285  | name : A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man  |  description : "James Joyce's A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man (1916) is one of the twentieth century's great coming-of-age novels. This Norton Critical Edition is based on Hans Walter Gabler's acclaimed text and is accompanied by his introduction and textual notes. John Paul Riquelme provides explanatory notes to deepen the reader's appreciation for Joyce's masterpiece." ""Backgrounds and Contexts" is topically organized: "Political Nationalism: Irish History, 1798-1916," "The Irish Literary and Cultural Revival," "Religion," and "Aesthetic Backgrounds." Fourteen illustrations accompany the documents." ""Criticism" begins with John Paul Riquelme's overview of A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man's structure. Twelve diverse interpretations of his work follow, by Kenneth Burke, Umberto Eco, Hugh Kenner, Helene Cixous, John Paul Riquelme, Karen Lawrence, Maud Ellmann, Bonnie Kime Scott, Joseph Valente, Marian Eide, Pericles Lewis, adn Jonathan Mulrooney. A Selected Bibliography is also included."--BOOK JACKET.
 id : 235523 ISBN : 0374147493  | name : Elizabeth  |  description : A court insider's portrait of Elizabeth II answers questions about relationships among members of her family, her personal beliefs, and future prospects for the House of Windsor
 id : 235526 ISBN : 0679447970  | name : Terry  |  description : The former Democratic presidential candidate describes his daughter's long and difficult battle with alcoholism, her failed attempts at rehab, the family's struggle with difficult issues, and her tragic death. 100,000 first printing. Tour.
 id : 235527 ISBN : 0806514949  | name : Thurgood Marshall  |  description : e United States Supreme Court examines Marshall's views on some of the most sensitive and politically charged social issues of our time--abortion, capital punishment, women's rights, and affirmative action--and provides intriguing details on his relationships with John Kennedy, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., and others.
 id : 235528 ISBN : 0684195437  | name : Jimmy Carter  |  description : An annual nominee for the Nobel Peace Prize, he embodies the qualities that the American public mourns having lost in its politicians: integrity, honesty, ethics, and dedication.
 id : 235529 ISBN : 082301200X  | name : Philippe Starck  |  description : This series profiles the designers who mattered in the 90s -- those who have already changed our perceptions and those poised to define the next century. Concise text and a wealth of illustration will excite anyone interested in visual culture. From a humble toothbrush to engagingly unusual hotel lobbies, this detailed survey covers the prolific output of one of today's most original designers.
 id : 235531 ISBN : 0684803402  | name : Loose Lips  |  description : Based on the hit off-Broadway revue, Loose Lips offers readers the opportunity to listen in on the on- and off-the-record utterances of such famous celebrities as Prince Charles, Tommy Lasorda, Richard Nixon, Charlie Sheen, and Michael Jackson. 25 line drawings. HBO special this fall.
 id : 235532 ISBN : 0253206359  | name : Women in Roman Law and Society  |  description : "The book meets the highest standards of scholarly rigor, and treatment of disputed issues is informative without being esoteric. An excellent general survey and introduction." —Choice " . . . will be enormously useful for those interested in teaching courses on Roman women or Roman law." —The Classical Outlook
 id : 235533 ISBN : 0915611430  | name : Lady Magic  |  description : Foreword by MARTINA NAVRATILOVA. The story of a 'street-smart New York kid' who parlayed her physical talents, determination, and drive into an outstanding basketball career, Pan American and Olympic Game medals, and a million-dollar bank balance.
 id : 235534 ISBN : 080521030X  | name : Goddesses, Whores, Wives, and Slaves  |  description : "The first general treatment of women in the ancient world to reflect the critical insights of modern feminism. Though much debated, its position as the basic textbook on women's history in Greece and Rome has hardly been challenged."--Mary Beard, Times Literary Supplement. Illustrations.
 id : 235535 ISBN : 0465047297  | name : The Mortal Presidency  |  description : The presidency is hazardous to your helth. Fully two-thirds of our presidents have died before reaching their life-expectancy- despite being wealthier, better educated, and better cared for that most Americans. In Mortal Presidency, the first complete account of death and illness in the White House, Robert E. Gilbert looks at modern presidents including Coolidge, FDR, Eisenhower, Kennedy, and Reagan. He shows- in some cases, for the first time- that all suffered from debilitating medical problems, physical and/or psychological, which they frequently managed to conceal from the public but which, in important ways, affected their political lives. This edition is updated to include a brief look at Presidents Clinton and Bush, both of whom suffered sudden and unpleasant indispositions while in office which to some degree affected their presidencies.
 id : 235537 ISBN : 0684808196  | name : Pillar of Fire  |  description : In Memory of Barbara Odgen Hooks by Ann Parker.
 id : 235540 ISBN : 0486404447  | name : Woman and Labor  |  description : This feminist classic represents a vivid and eloquently expressed effort to promote the rectification of inequalities of labor practices between men and women of the early 20th century.nbsp;It carefully examines the social changes engendered by technological progress and advocates new and expanded roles for women. Introduction.
 id : 235542 ISBN : 080213209X  | name : Four Plays  |  description : A collection of four plays by one of the most important American playwrights of the mid-century era.
 id : 235543 ISBN : 0060654775  | name : Entering the Silence  |  description : The second volume of Thomas Merton's uncensored journals spans an eleven-year period from 1941 to 1952 and offers a portrait of daily monastic life, Merton's developing literary style, and his dedication to both
 id : 235544 ISBN : 0520006755  | name : Ishi in Two Worlds  |  description : Tells the story of Ishi, the last member of the lost tribe of Yana, who wandered out of the hills on August 29, 1911 and was taken in by anthropologists at the University of California where he spent the last years of his life.
 id : 235550 ISBN : 0385317964  | name : Mother of My Mother  |  description : Bringing the insight and wisdom that made her bestselling "Motherless Daughters" a critically acclaimed success, Edelman presents an equally evocative look at the relationships between grandmothers, mothers, and daughters.
 id : 235551 ISBN : 0761101551  | name : Kirby Puckett's Baseball Games  |  description : Games, advice, and tips for developing the four baseball skills of hitting, running, catching, and throwing.
 id : 235552 ISBN : 0894801929  | name : Genuine Texas Handbook  |  description : A witty guide to the Texan way of life includes articles on Texas slang, food, clothing, and women
 id : 235553 ISBN : 068483281X  | name : Three Gospels  |  description : Reynolds Price pays tribute to his literary love of translation in this adaptation of the Gospels of Mark and John, in addition to a gospel written by the esteemed novelist himself. Esteemed novelist, dramatist, scholar, essayist, and poet, Reynolds Price turns his attention back to a literary love he had discovered earlier in his career: translation. But for Reynolds that didn’t mean abandoning his passion for writing original work; powerful and imaginative, Three Gospels offers eloquent translations of the Gospels of Mark and John as well as a gospel never before seen—an original one written by Price himself. These stunning triumphs of imagination tell and retell some of the most iconic ancient stories in Price’s unparalleled literary voice.
 id : 235554 ISBN : 0849995078  | name : God's Promises Rock  |  description : A collection of quotations from the Bible.
 id : 235555 ISBN : 0198782055  | name : Feminism and Politics  |  description : The essays in this volume attempt to answer questions about gender in a variety of ways, but all see feminism as transforming the way we think about and act in politics
 id : 235556 ISBN : 0872202615  | name : Philosophy of Woman  |  description : **** Revision of the second edition of 1983 (cited in BCL3). Now arranged in chronological order, with a new introduction and headnotes. Annotation copyright by Book News, Inc., Portland, OR
 id : 235557 ISBN : 0844285706  | name : Careers for Sports Nuts & Other Athletic Types  |  description : Provides descriptions of jobs that involve sports and athletic events.
 id : 235559 ISBN : 0140589171  | name : Huge Dreams  |  description : Poems from two classic volumes of Beat poetry explore spiritual discovery, political protest, the antiwar movement, Zen Buddhism, and individual anarchism
 id : 235560 ISBN : 0156002507  | name : Between Friends  |  description : Correspondence between Hannah Arendt and Mary McCarthy.
 id : 235561 ISBN : 0070374538  | name : Ultra Goes to War  |  description : Contributes a comprehensive and precisely written history of the system by which German radio messages were intercepted and decoded and sent to Allied field operations, reassessing major battles and campaigns in terms of how Ultra information was used or misused by the Allies.
 id : 235562 ISBN : 0393313557  | name : Real Gorgeous  |  description : Emphasizes that every body type is normal and beautiful, and dispels many of the myths about physical beauty.
 id : 235563 ISBN : 0316782076  | name : Searching for Mercy Street  |  description : The author recounts her mother's mental illness, their relationship, and the factors that led to Anne Sexton's suicide in 1974
 id : 235565 ISBN : 0679741828  | name : Anne Sexton  |  description : Anne Sexton began writing poetry at the age of twenty-nine to keep from killing herself. She held on to language for dear life and somehow -- in spite of alcoholism and the mental illness that ultimately led her to suicide -- managed to create a body of work that won a Pulitzer Prize and that still sings to thousands of readers. This exemplary biography, which was nominated for the National Book Award, provoked controversy for its revelations of infidelity and incest and its use of tapes from Sexton's psychiatric sessions. It reconciles the many Anne Sextons: the 1950s housewife; the abused child who became an abusive mother; the seductress; the suicide who carried "kill-me pills" in her handbag the way other women carry lipstick; and the poet who transmuted confession into lasting art.
 id : 235566 ISBN : 0933377401  | name : Writing the Memoir  |  description : New revised and updated edition of the bestselling book on writing memoir.
 id : 235567 ISBN : 0898797705  | name : How to Write & Sell Your First Novel  |  description : Even the most famous novelists had to start somewhere. Now you can make your start—successfully—with this book. Literary agent Oscar Collier and successful freelance writer Frances Spatz Leighton team up to give you practical, specific advice on how to write your first novel and get it published. You'll find 100 expert tips, including: Solid Writing Instruction choose the kind of novel you want to write make characters, dialogue and plot work together to keep your reader (and prospective editor) turning the pages determine how many characters your story needs establish a daily writing routine that works for you—and gets your novel finished revise, edit and prepare your manuscript for submission Expert Marketing Advice the pros and cons of using an agent—and how to represent yourself if you so choose contract negotiations publicity and self-promotion basics Actual Case Histories Conversations with Five New Novelists, a chapter dedicated to enlightening and inspiring interviews with newly published authors valuable insight into the working methods, attitudes and specific strategies superstar novelists used to get published—to help you start building your own success "This book should inspire many yearners to start writing and stop talking about doing so. It is rich with tactical, down-to-earth information on how to write novels and content with agents and publishers." —Howard Cady, former editor-in-chief of Little, Brown; Putnam's; and Holt, Rhinehart & Winston
 id : 235568 ISBN : 1594480214  | name : The Misadventures of Maria O'Mara  |  description : A sharp and uproariously funny look at the modern woman, as seen through the eyes of Maria O'Mara. On the verge of turning 40, she has just a few short months to save her job, find a man, and start a family--and she may be going mad.
 id : 235569 ISBN : 0898799821  | name : 2001 Writer's Market: The Internet Edition  |  description : A resource guide which provides listings of publishers of books, articles, and stories, literary agents, contests and awards, as well as articles from and about top professionals in the industry.
 id : 235570 ISBN : 0898795400  | name : Writing Articles From the Heart  |  description : In a heartfelt and conversational style, Holmes provides advice, inspiration and examples on writing and selling personal essays.
 id : 235572 ISBN : 1580080219  | name : The Packing Book  |  description : Fully updated for the 21st-century traveler, this definitive packing guide will empower overpackers to throw down their brick-like suitcases and become carry-on pros. The Packing Book reveals the secrets of packing efficiently, with time-saving tips, techniques, and technologies. Packing consultant Judith Gilford describes her famed Bundle Method step by step, so that every carry-on hopeful can achieve wrinkle-free, space-saving perfection. This edition also addresses new carry-on security concerns and guidelines, including what you can and cannot take on the plane. Complete with packing checklists for every kind of journey, The Packing Book will prepare you for beach vacations, business trips, European excursions, and more-without leaving you weighed down, wrinkled, and weary. From the Trade Paperback edition.
 id : 235574 ISBN : 0789451565  | name : Great Beer Guide  |  description : This user's guide to beer explains everything you need to know about beer - from beer drinking etiquette to correct ways to pour and appreciate different beers. Author Michael Jackson's eloquent writing style is complemented by beautiful photography.
 id : 235576 ISBN : 188836386X  | name : Power, Privilege and the Post  |  description : Katherine Graham's story has all the elements of the phoenix rising from the ashes, and in Carol Felsenthal's unauthorized biography, Power, Privilege, and the Post, Graham's personal tragedies and triumphs are revealed. The homely and insecure daughter of the Jewish millionaire and owner of The Washington Post, Eugene Myer, Kay married the handsome, brilliant and power hungry Phillip Graham in 1940. By 1948 Kay's father had turned control of The Washington Post over to Phil, who spent the next decade amassing a media empire that included radio and TV stations. But, as Felsenthal shows, he mostly focused on building the reputation of the Post and positioning himself as a Washington power-player. Plagued by manic depression, Phil's behavior became more erratic and outlandish, and his downward spiral ended in 1963 when he took his own life. Surprising the newspaper industry, Kay Graham took control of the paper, beginning one of the most unprecedented careers in media history. Felsenthal weaves her exhaustive research into a perceptive portrayal of the Graham family and an expert dissection of the internal politics at the Post, and a portrait of one of a unique, tragic, and ultimately triumphant figure of twentieth-century America.
 id : 235579 ISBN : 0553573667  | name : Penny Pinching  |  description : From buying a new car to planning a vacation, this book explains how to get the best buys for one's money in just about every spending category. This new edition features even more thrifty strategies, including money-saving tips about warehouse clubs, fax machines and cellular phones, the Internet, computer software, 401-K plans, and much more.
 id : 235581 ISBN : 1893554317  | name : The Kennedys  |  description : Recounts in detail the family lives of members of the Kennedy clan, including the drug-taking and other dilemmas of the rising generation.
 id : 235583 ISBN : 0060995025  | name : Home Fires  |  description : The bestselling, masterful account of one American family's passage through the turbulent landscape of the postwar era, 1945-1990, illuminating the interplay between private life and the profound cultural changes of the times.
 id : 235584 ISBN : 0231113315  | name : Literacy Theory in the Age of the Internet  |  description : Today, nearly everyone agrees that the Internet has vast potential as a learning tool. This collection of essays reconsiders what it means to be literate in the information age, and offers practical advice not only for getting networked computers into the classroom but also for instructing students and teachers how to take advantage of their boundless potential.
 id : 235585 ISBN : 0822326957  | name : Turning South Again  |  description : DIVInaugurates a new southern studies with Black experience at the center, through a re-examination of the career of Booker T. Washington, showing incarceration to be the central characteristic of African-American life, even in the case of Tuskegee./div
 id : 235587 ISBN : 0130899798  | name : Artforms  |  description : Accompanying CD-ROM ... "consists of 6 interviews with artists."--Page 4 of cover.
 id : 235588 ISBN : 1566890721  | name : Our Sometime Sister  |  description : Eventually the boundaries between the two narratives tangle and the limits of fiction, dream, and memory are lost."--BOOK JACKET.
 id : 235589 ISBN : 0226791173  | name : The Moment of Complexity  |  description : We live in a moment of unprecedented complexity, an era in which change occurs faster than our ability to comprehend it.
 id : 235590 ISBN : 0679415211  | name : May Sarton  |  description : The first biography of May Sarton: a brilliant revelation of the life and work of a literary figure who influenced her thousands of readers not only by her novels and poetry, but by her life and her writings about it. May Sarton's career stretched from 1930 (early sonnets published in Poetry magazine) to 1995 (her journal At Eighty-Two). She wrote more than twenty novels, and twenty-five books of poems and journals. The acclaimed biographer Margot Peters was given full access to Sarton's letters, journals, and notes, and during five years of research came to know Sarton herself--the complex woman and artist. She gives us a compelling portrait of Sarton the actress, the poet, the novelist, the feminist, the writer who struggled for literary acceptance. She shows us, beneath Sarton's exhilarating, irresistible spirit, the needy courtier and seducer, the woman whose creativity was propelled by the psychic drama she created in others. We watch young May at age two as she is abruptly uprooted from her native Belgium by World War I, a child ignored both by her mother, who was intent on her own artistic vision and reluctant to cope with a child, and by her father, obsessed with his academic research. We see Sarton as a young girl in America, and then later, at nineteen, choosing a life in the theatre, landing a job in Eva Le Gallienne's Civic Repertory, and gathering what would become a tight-knit coterie of friends and lovers . . . Sarton beginning to write poetry and novels . . . Sarton making friends with Elizabeth Bowen and Julian Huxley, Erika and Klaus Mann, Virginia Woolf, the poet H.D.--charming and enlisting them with her work, her vitality, her hunger for love, drivenby her need to conquer (among her conquests: Bowen, Huxley, and later his wife, Juliette). We see her intense friendships with literary pals, including Muriel Rukeyser (her lover), and Louise Bogan, Sarton's "literary sibling, who at once encouraged her and excluded her from a world in which Bogan was a central figure. We see Sarton begin to create in the spiritual journals that inspired the devotion of readers the image of a strong, independent woman who lived peacefully with solitude--an image that contradicted the reality of her neediness, loneliness, and isolation as she pushed away loved ones with her demands and betrayals. A fascinating portrait of one of our major literary figures--a book that for the first time reveals the life that she herself kept hidden.
 id : 235592 ISBN : 0805057900  | name : Being Brett  |  description : A father shares the story of his daughter, Brett, who was diagnosed as terminally ill at the age of twenty-three, and explains how in her final months she learned to live each day fully and with dignity
 id : 235593 ISBN : 0385479832  | name : One More River to Cross  |  description : In the aftermath of the historic 1993 March on Washington for gay and lesbian rights, Keith Boykin, in One More River to Cross, clarifies the relationship between blacks and gays in America by portraying the "common ground" lives of those who are both black and gay. Against a backdrop of civil rights and the black experience in America, Boykin interviews Baptist ministers, gay political leaders, and other black gays and lesbians on issues of faith, family, discrimination, and visibility to determine what differences--real and imagined--separate the two communities. Boykin points to evidence of African and precolonial same-sex behavior, as well as figures like James Baldwin and Bayard Rustin, to dispel the myth that homosexuality is a "white thang," while his research suggests that blacks are less homophobic than whites, despite the rhetoric of rap and religion. With stories from his own experience as well as that of other black gays and lesbians, Boykin targets gay racism and black homophobia and suggests that conservative forces have substituted the common language of racism for homophobia in order to prevent a potentially powerful coalition of blacks and gays. By portraying what it means to be black and gay, One More River to Cross offers an extraordinary window into a community that challenges this country's acceptance of its minorities, both racial and sexual.
 id : 235596 ISBN : 0964089505  | name : Mustang  |  description : Not since the Model T has an automobile captured the hearts of Americans like the Ford Mustang. Finally, here is a book that depicts the 30-year history, the technology, and the passion of the men and women who made the Mustang what it is today - a legend
 id : 235597 ISBN : 0060627581  | name : Honest to Jesus  |  description : Publisher Description
 id : 235600 ISBN : 038501029X  | name : Judges  |  description : Judges records the birth pangs of the Israelite nation. From the Conquest to the Settlement, the conflicts in this book (military, political, and religious) reveal a nascent Israel, struggling to define itself as a people.
 id : 235601 ISBN : 0531087484  | name : Humming Whispers  |  description : Sophy fears that she will become like her older sister Nicole who has schizophrenia.
 id : 235602 ISBN : 0060925930  | name : Paper Trail  |  description : An engaging and masterful collection of essays that vividly captures the author's diverse work as award-winning writer, activist, parent, scholar, professor, anthropologist, critic, and traveler.
 id : 235605 ISBN : 0385053169  | name : Ruth  |  description : The Anchor Bible Commentary is the collaborative effort of Protestant, Catholic, and Jewish scholars from around the world.
 id : 235607 ISBN : 0785270760  | name : Seduced by Success  |  description : In Seduced by Success, Ann Kiemel Anderson, former teacher, youth director, college dean, and author, shares her struggle with addiction and her journey to truth and freedom in a culture that pushes us to perfection.
 id : 235610 ISBN : 0765194198  | name : The Ultimate Show-me-how Activity Book  |  description : A collection of projects that are fun to do.
 id : 235612 ISBN : 0425084329  | name : D.A.R.Y.L.  |  description : D.A.R.Y.L.--a Data Analysing Robot Youth Lifeform--is a little robot boy who must escape government agents seeking to terminate him while discovering what it means to be human and the importance of love.
 id : 235614 ISBN : 0380787237  | name : My Aces, My Faults  |  description : Controversial coach looks at the inner world of professional tennis. His relationships with players Andre Agassi, Monica Seles, Jim Courier, and Boris Becker among others.
 id : 235615 ISBN : 0830810587  | name : The Fruit of the Spirit  |  description : Hazel Offner examines nine biblical passages that touch on the Fruit of the Spirit in the Christian life for these Bible studies, part of the LifeGuide series.
 id : 235617 ISBN : 0440999081  | name : Zanboomer  |  description : Sports.
 id : 235618 ISBN : 0898863406  | name : Bicycling the Backroads of Northwest Oregon  |  description : Beautiful vistas, afternoon picnics by sparkling lakes, historic points of interest, and lush flower fields await the cyclist who ventures out of the city onto the backroads of Northwest Oregon. This fully updated guide in the popular Bicycling the Backroads series presents information on scenic bicycle loop tours with an expanded choice of day, weekend, and longer rides through low- traffic, rural, and semi-rural areas.
 id : 235619 ISBN : 0896937283  | name : Be Confident  |  description : This in-depth Bible study series now covers the entire New Testament and much of the Old Testament. With more than 3 million copies sold, the Be Series has touched people's hearts everywhere. Let Warren Wiersbe's words of wisdom touch your heart, too.
 id : 235620 ISBN : 156440014X  | name : The Best Bike Rides in the Pacific Northwest  |  description : Fifty rides in British Columbia, Washington, Oregon, and Idaho are divided among rambles (the easiest), cruises (25-60 miles), challenges (more than 50 miles), or classics (75 miles to more than 100 with major climbs). Each ride includes a set of directions and accompanying map as well as a basics section, which lists the ride's starting point, length, and terrain. Annotation copyrighted by Book News, Inc., Portland, OR
 id : 235621 ISBN : 0870441167  | name : Wilderness U.S.A.  |  description : An exploration of wilderness areas in the U.S. features scores of color photographs, maps, descriptions, and essays from a variety of authors.
 id : 235623 ISBN : 0451191005  | name : Sisters  |  description : Eva A collection of three novellas celebrating the bonds of black sisterhood and the ties of love. Each of these stories shimmers with powerful emotions and shows how deep the connection between sisters can be - even when torn by the conflicts of romance.
 id : 235624 ISBN : 0830813144  | name : Greater Than Riches  |  description : Selected from the best of John White's writings, this collection of 180 daily devotional readings offers insights on prayer, forgiveness, holiness, Christian commitment and the lordship of Christ. 180 pages, paper
 id : 235627 ISBN : 0877843791  | name : Women at the Crossroads  |  description : Kari Torjesen Malcolm offers readers a satisfying alternative to both traditional and feminist models of what a woman should be.
 id : 235631 ISBN : 0840753268  | name : Falling Into Greatness  |  description : In this personal, practical book, Oglivie explains how, through reading, studying, and praying the Psalms, we can "fall into the arms of the greatness of God." Ogilvie has chosen nineteen psalms he believes most clearly show the nature of God and speak directly to the personal needs of most people. He shows how the Psalms speak for us in a magnificent language of praise and lead us into deeper fellowship with the Lord.
 id : 235632 ISBN : 0942053168  | name : Washington Discovery Guide  |  description : Completely updated, Washington Discovery Guide has descriptive driving routes and maps for each locale and suggestions for rewarding side trips.
 id : 235634 ISBN : 0684851873  | name : Abuse of Power  |  description : The release of over 200 hours of secret Nixon tapes to the public last year captured media attention across the country. Here are the Oval Office conversations that exposed Nixon's abuses of power--masterfully edited by the man who helped bring them to light.
 id : 235635 ISBN : 0877849919  | name : Foundations of the Christian Faith  |  description : James Montgomery Boice provides an overview of Christian theology and doctrine in one systematic volume.
 id : 235636 ISBN : 1885221622  | name : And the Coyotes Howled  |  description : The Depression years in eastern Washington, like other parts of the country, called on families to be thrifty, temperate, and hardworking. It was a time Riley Helmstetter recalls in her book, And the Coyotes Howled, when life was vivid on the farm, lived close to the earth, the cows, chickens and pigs. But always, the nights echoed with the cries of the coyotes, nervous predators who somehow represented to Riley the desperate edge farmers dung to. Survival was day to day for humans and the wild creatures. For Riley, a curious, silent bond formed between her and them, a bond that was both strange and comforting.
 id : 235637 ISBN : 0671250582  | name : Arabia  |  description : Jonathan Raban describes his travels through Bahrain, Qatar, Abu Dhabi, Dubai, Yemen, Egypt, and Jordan, where he met both rich and poor, and visited homes, hotels, and markets.
 id : 235640 ISBN : 0910019711  | name : Stock Market Miracles  |  description : The author of "Wall Street Money Machine" now presents a collection of new and innovative methods to help amateur investors achieve fantastic returns on their investments. "Stock Market Miracles" features samples of strategies the author has used successfully, examples of actual trades, and definitions of key investment terms.
 id : 235641 ISBN : 0830817255  | name : Can You Trust Psychology?  |  description : Many Christians, including Jimmy Swaggart and Dave Hunt, claim psychology is seductive, destructive, and dangerous. These concerns have left many people confused and questioning. If I'm in counseling, should I get out? Are non-Christian counselors always to be avoided? Should pastors do counseling themselves? Should they refer church members to psychologists? Gary R. Collins is one of the most widely read and well-respected authors of our day. He provides a reasoned voice in a sometimes loud and heated debate that threatens the spiritual and emotional vitality of millions. He answers the questions you are asking and gives clear direction in plain language. Here is a book for anyone who questions psychology. - Back cover.
 id : 235642 ISBN : 0809250330  | name : Fish on the Grill  |  description : Offers recipes for making fish dishes such as blackened redfish, oysters en brochette, halibut curry, and stuffed trout on an outdoor grill
 id : 235645 ISBN : 0895778955  | name : Just Off the Interstate  |  description : The East Coast. Appalachian adventure. The old south. Pioneer Illinois. Chisholm trail. THe high plains. Through the Rockies. Desert Discovery. Panoramic Northwest. Golden state drive.
 id : 235646 ISBN : 0451164849  | name : A Regency Christmas  |  description : Here are five all-new stories of Christmas by the highly acclaimed authors you love to read all year 'round.
 id : 235647 ISBN : 0873411420  | name : Standard Catalog of Chrysler, 1924-1990  |  description : Descriptions of cars made by Chrysler from 1924 to 1990.
 id : 235648 ISBN : 0345456327  | name : The Belgariad  |  description : A two-volume compilation presents the five previously published novels in the epic saga which begins with the theft of the protective Orb from Riva.
 id : 235649 ISBN : 0961338806  | name : Million-dollar Vacations in Central America and the Caribbean with Medical Group Missions  |  description : A participant's account of the Christian Medical Society's Medical Group Missions work in the Dominican Republic, Nicaragua, and Honduras.
 id : 235650 ISBN : 0805007091  | name : Young Kate  |  description : Based on conversations with Katherine Hepburn, this book recounts family days of her youth. Includes sixteen photographs. Annotation copyrighted by Book News, Inc., Portland, OR
 id : 235652 ISBN : 067165702X  | name : Certain Trumpets  |  description : Adora's mahogany hair and violet eyes captivated young Prince Murad the moment he saw her in a convent garden, and their love flowered like the peach blossoms surrounding them. But Orkahm, Grand Turk of an empire, claimed Adora for his bride, tearing her from her young love as she wept bitter tears. Destiny might carry them to other lands and other loves, but Murad and Adora were meant only for each other--forging a magnificent love that lies forever in the pages of history.... "Bertrice Small creates cover-to-cover pasion, a keen sense of history and suspense." PUBLISHERS WEEKLY
 id : 235654 ISBN : 9646635334  | name : Iran at a Glance  |  description : Multimedia guidebook to the historical and religious monuments, art, culture, geography and peoples of Iran. Includes images, maps, and audio and video clips.
 id : 235655 ISBN : 0688103871  | name : Adlai Stevenson  |  description : With complete access to private and official papers, Stevenson confidant Porter McKeever has written a masterful biography 25 years after the legendary statesman's death. Stevenson's combination of eloquence, vision, sophistication, and popular appeal have few equals, and he has remained one of the last great political heroes of our time. Photos.
 id : 235657 ISBN : 080946408X  | name : A Soaring Spirit  |  description : Photographs and text cover the history of Persia, Greece, the early Romans, and the unfolding of Eastern religions.
 id : 235660 ISBN : 0943595835  | name : Blood, Snow, & Classic Cars  |  description : A collection of five gay themed stories and an novella.
 id : 235661 ISBN : 0809465000  | name : Secrets of the Alchemists  |  description : An illustrated survey of alchemy and alchemists, both past and present.
 id : 235662 ISBN : 1581510616  | name : Essays from the Heart  |  description : Kan wanted to give her elder daughter a high school graduation gift she could not buy anywhere -- so she has given her the gift of wisdom. Her essays blend the cultures of East and West and express values that any parent would want to impart to a young person embarking on adulthood. The author asked a few close family friends -- a delightful cast of characters from two continents -- to write to her daughter, and their thoughtful letters round out this warm book.
 id : 235663 ISBN : 1885221908  | name : Just a Breath Away  |  description : Just a Breath Away, by Reverend Edward Tabbitas, relates the memoir of a man who is in touch with the transformed and tells of his experience as a guide who assists in bringing messages to loved ones from released spirits.This respected New York grief counselor's sensitive, landmark book on death and dying can help readers learn to manage their grief and it offers the promise of spiritual renewal for their departed. It is certain to soothe and bolster the aching hearts of those left behind.
 id : 235664 ISBN : 0809463407  | name : Cosmic Connections  |  description : An examination of the uses, history, and nature of astrology.
 id : 235667 ISBN : 080946344X  | name : Spirit Summonings  |  description : Traces the history of spiritualism and channeling, and includes interviews with modern-day "channelers."
 id : 235668 ISBN : 1581510063  | name : Breaking Free  |  description : "Breaking Free" is a sensitive book with a gratifying, surprise ending, written by a woman who learned to liberate herself from abusive bondage and to believe in the person of her greater promise.
 id : 235669 ISBN : 1892989042  | name : The First Six Weeks of School  |  description : A guidebook showing K-6 teachers how to structure the first six weeks of school.
 id : 235670 ISBN : 0809463520  | name : Hauntings  |  description : Examines the legends of various haunted houses and presents possible explanations.
 id : 235675 ISBN : 0880705515  | name : Six Hours One Friday  |  description : Describes the final six hours of Jesus Christ's life when he was on the cross.
 id : 235676 ISBN : 0965959406  | name : Speak Now Or Forever Rest in Peace  |  description : "I wish to begin by making a public confession: In the spring of 1987, as a physician, I caused the death of a man. Although this was known to many people, I have not been taken before any court of law, or called to account for this in any professional or public forum. In fact, just the opposite occurred: I was rewarded for this. It brought me an improved reputation in my job, & contributed to my advancement afterwards. Not only did I demonstrate I could indeed do what was expected of me, I exemplified the 'good' company doctor: I saved a half-million dollars!"--Linda Peeno, M.D., Testimony before the United States House of Representatives Committee on Commerce, May 30, 1996. SPEAK NOW OR FOREVER REST IN PEACE takes a critical look at America's growing managed-care industry, & offers patient-driven alternatives. Behind HMOs' glossy newsletters & expensive advertising campaigns lie a perverse, unethical & immoral system--one that pits patient against profits. This game of medical Russian Roulette turns deadly when the very health-care professionals you trust betray you by selling their ethics to the highest bidder. We must speak now, or forever rest in peace.
 id : 235677 ISBN : 0679433910  | name : Breaking Point  |  description : A big-money party for tennis people in Paris is interrupted by the murder of a promoter. The family hires a private investigator to find the killer. When the PI is hospitalized from a beating, Jordan Myles, a former women's tennis champion, decides to do some sleuthing on her own. Navratilova wrote The Total Zone, Nickles wrote Girls in High Places.
 id : 235678 ISBN : 0385044127  | name : Ephesians  |  description : The Anchor Bible Commentary is the collaborative effort of Protestant, Catholic, and Jewish scholars from around the world.
 id : 235684 ISBN : 0671763962  | name : Let Go and Let God  |  description : Step by step, layman's terms, points out the way to a joyous affirmation of your spiritual faith--a soothing refuge in times of trouble and doubt.
 id : 235686 ISBN : 0786003626  | name : Redemption  |  description : As actress Gabriela Rozina rehearses until midnight in London's Drury Theatre, a creature of the night watches her. For 300 years, Marcus Danewell has existed without knowing the tenderness of a woman. Now, he struggles against the temptation to make Gabriela his own.
 id : 235689 ISBN : 0821739883  | name : Desert Fire  |  description : Desperate to escape the scandal of her divorce London-born Charlotte Drake flees to the Las Vegas Territory, where she enters into a business arrangement with gambler Max Grant. Original.
 id : 235692 ISBN : 0451176081  | name : The Home Remedies Handbook  |  description : From hundreds of doctors, dentists, and other healthcare professionals, here are a thousand ways to heal yourself at home. Included are easy-to-follow remedies and coping techniques for colds, warts, toothaches, insomnia, aching feet, and a host of other conditions. 100 illustrations throughout.
 id : 235694 ISBN : 0061008575  | name : Hardball  |  description : A journalist describes the struggle of a group of youngsters from a Chicago housing project and their white-collar coaches to triumph in Little League baseball, chronicling their journey from the first practice to the championship game. Reprint.
 id : 235696 ISBN : 0679404597  | name : Baseball  |  description : 530 illustrations in text
 id : 235700 ISBN : 0840754337  | name : Under the Mercy  |  description : Sequel to the runaway bestseller A Severe Mercy
 id : 235701 ISBN : 083081826X  | name : Uncommon Decency  |  description : Richard J. Mouw outlines how we can communicate effectively and graciously with people who disagree with us on the issues that matter most.
 id : 235703 ISBN : 0025953621  | name : All-American Boy  |  description : A compelling memoir offers an account of the relationship between a father and son that received national media attention when Colonel Fred Peck revealed he loved his gay son but did not think he belonged in the military. 35,000 first printing. Tour.
 id : 235704 ISBN : 0830816453  | name : Speaking of Jesus  |  description : J. Mack Stiles shows how to reach our ethnically, culturally, economically, educationally, geographically and ideologically diverse world with the best news of all.
 id : 235706 ISBN : 1551109786  | name : New Food Fast  |  description : This is the third stylish and inspirational book by Donna Hay. It is a guide to eating well without compromising nutrition or time. Chapters on 10-, 20-, and 30-minute recipes emphasize stress-free cooking. Also included are a guide to tools of the trade and a checklist to ensure that your home is well-stocked with the gourmet essentials!
 id : 235707 ISBN : 0877847800  | name : He Gave Us a Valley  |  description : After twelve years of missionary work in the northeast province of what was the Belgian Congo, building up a simple medical service, civil war erupted with horrific effects. During the war Helen was brutally beaten and raped and left with no choice but to return to Britain this story is told in Give me this Mountain. She quickly returned to the Congo in 1966 to assist in the rebuilding of the nation. She helped establish a new medical school and hospital for the other hospitals that she built were destroyed and served there until 1973. In the eight years following the war, despite endless frustrations, again and again God showed his unfailing guidance and unstinted provision for her needs. This book is the story of the joys and adventures of re-establishing the medical work, the church building programme and the work of forgiveness, necessary after the destruction of the civil war.
 id : 235709 ISBN : 1850153930  | name : Crafty Ideas from Junk  |  description : Contains over twenty-five projects for young children of five to ten years, all using scrap materials.
 id : 235710 ISBN : 0830817727  | name : Revisioning Evangelical Theology  |  description : Stanley Grenz evaluates the course of evangelical theology and sets out a bold agenda for a new century. He proposes that evangelical theology should find its central integrative motifs in the reign of God and the community of Christ.
 id : 235712 ISBN : 1563052741  | name : The Consumer Bible  |  description : Discusses what consumers need to know for smart shopping in areas such as clothing, cars, medicine, and food.
 id : 235713 ISBN : 1565071379  | name : The God Makers II  |  description : A decade ago, the groundbreaking movie and book The God Makers caused mayhem within the Mormon empire, resulting in a modification of several of the religion's supposedly unchangeable doctrines. God Makers II documents the surprising metamorphosis of Mormonism and exposes the side of the sect that TV promotions don't show.
 id : 235714 ISBN : 0877843147  | name : Love is a Feeling to be Learned  |  description : Walter Trobisch explores the mystery of love. 37 pages, paper
 id : 235715 ISBN : 0618043705  | name : The Best American Essays of the Century  |  description : Fifty five essays by American writers of the twentieth century.
 id : 235717 ISBN : 0802400299  | name : Hudson Taylor's Spiritual Secret  |  description : J. Hudson Taylor was truly God's chosen servant. From his early life in England, through the founding of the China Inland Mission, to reaching millions of Chinese, his life of faith gives glorious testimony to God. His spirtual secret could change your life.
 id : 235718 ISBN : 0571129153  | name : Love, Groucho  |  description : Nearly 200 letters written by the legendary Marx to his daughter Miriam provide a rare glimpse of the complex man behind the mustache
 id : 235719 ISBN : 038542339X  | name : The Art of the Personal Essay  |  description : For more than four hundred years, the personal essay has been one of the richest and most vibrant of all literary forms. Distinguished from the detached formal essay by its friendly, conversational tone, its loose structure, and its drive toward candor and self-disclosure, the personal essay seizes on the minutiae of daily life-vanities, fashions, foibles, oddballs, seasonal rituals, love and disappointment, the pleasures of solitude, reading, taking a walk -- to offer insight into the human condition and the great social and political issues of the day. The Art of the Personal Essay is the first anthology to celebrate this fertile genre. By presenting more than seventy-five personal essays, including influential forerunners from ancient Greece, Rome, and the Far East, masterpieces from the dawn of the personal essay in the sixteenth century, and a wealth of the finest personal essays from the last four centuries, editor Phillip Lopate, himself an acclaimed essayist, displays the tradition of the personal essay in all its historical grandeur, depth, and diversity.
 id : 235720 ISBN : 0399516255  | name : Heloise, Hints for a Healthy Planet  |  description : A compendium of practical advice designed to promote environmentally sound daily living offers a wealth of tips for all over the house, garden, schoolroom, and office
 id : 235721 ISBN : 0895264668  | name : All Cloudless Glory: From youth to Yorktown  |  description : As much autobiography as it is biography, this book on George Washington is the only one based solely on original sources. Assembled from the wealth of autobiographical materials which Washington left behind, this definitive chronicle of our first president's early years is part of a two-volume set.
 id : 235722 ISBN : 0816141312  | name : Joanna's Husband and David's Wife  |  description : Discloses the inner workings of a marriage from both partners' perspectives as David responds to his wife Joanna's versions of events, recorded in her diary, when she abandons him after twenty-five years of marriage
 id : 235723 ISBN : 0385033516  | name : Lost Island  |  description : Lacey Ames returns to the sea island which holds a carefully-guarded secret from her past
 id : 235724 ISBN : 0531058735  | name : Pog Climbs Mount Everest  |  description : Getting a cup of tea inspires Pog to climb Mount Everest.
 id : 235725 ISBN : 0345414454  | name : Angle of Impact  |  description : Lawyer Dana Svenssen of Philadelphia investigates a case of sabotage which resulted in a mid-air collision between a plane and a helicopter. The probe leads to romantic involvement with a younger man, the accident investigator.
 id : 235726 ISBN : 0062502433  | name : Soul  |  description : A captivating, multidimensional collection of writings on the soul--from creation myths to beat poetry, religion to rock-n-roll. "Inspiring, often mind-blowing, sometimes even a little scary."--Los Angeles Times
 id : 235729 ISBN : 0385485271  | name : The Grim Reader  |  description : Gathers classic and contemporary writings on mortality, including works by John Keats, Emily Dickinson, Grace Paley, George Orwell, Samuel Beckett, and Monty Python
 id : 235730 ISBN : 0830812806  | name : Should Divorced People be Treated Like Second-class Christians?  |  description : "Avoiding legalism while upholding the biblical ideal that marriage is meant to be permanent, Braun confronts on a panorama of vital issues"--Back cover
 id : 235734 ISBN : 0140064869  | name : The FBI and Martin Luther King, Jr  |  description : Describes the Bureau's extensive campaign to discredit Dr. King and speculates on the motives behind the secret operation
 id : 235735 ISBN : 0842382259  | name : Winged Life  |  description : We can find freedom to enjoy the Christian life by allowing God to transform our thoughts, specifically through an attitude of praise, selflessness, and pure thinking.
 id : 235736 ISBN : 0684801531  | name : A Life in Letters  |  description : A vibrant self-portrait of an artist whose work was his life. In this new collection of F. Scott Fitzgerald's letters, edited by leading Fitzgerald scholar and biographer Matthew J. Bruccoli, we see through his own words the artistic and emotional maturation of one of America's most enduring and elegant authors. A Life in Letters is the most comprehensive volume of Fitzgerald's letters -- many of them appearing in print for the first time. The fullness of the selection and the chronological arrangement make this collection the closest thing to an autobiography that Fitzgerald ever wrote. While many readers are familiar with Fitzgerald's legendary "jazz age" social life and his friendships with Ernest Hemingway, Gertrude Stein, Edmund Wilson, and other famous authors, few are aware of his writings about his life and his views on writing. Letters to his editor Maxwell Perkins illustrate the development of Fitzgerald's literary sensibility; those to his friend and competitor Ernest Hemingway reveal their difficult relationship. The most poignant letters here were written to his wife, Zelda, from the time of their courtship in Montgomery, Alabama, during World War I to her extended convalescence in a sanatorium near Asheville, North Carolina. Fitzgerald is by turns affectionate and proud in his letters to his daughter, Scottie, at college in the East while he was struggling in Hollywood. For readers who think primarily of Fitzgerald as a hard-drinking playboy for whom writing was effortless, these letters show his serious, painstaking concerns with creating realistic, durable art.
 id : 235737 ISBN : 0399135669  | name : Make Room for Danny  |  description : The man who went from a childhood of poverty in Toledo to become a major star and producer of such hits as "Make Room for Daddy" and "The Dick Van Dyke Show" shares the story of his phenomenal success
 id : 235738 ISBN : 0840753527  | name : Psychological Seduction  |  description : Examines the role of psychology in contemporary society, discusses the conflict between psychology and Christianity, and argues that psychology has failed to provide personal salvation
 id : 235739 ISBN : 0679453040  | name : Blood Money  |  description : Jane Whitefield, a retired "guide" who specialized in helping people disappear, returns to help a girl hunted by the Mafia and becomes part of an enormous heist.
 id : 235740 ISBN : 0060263474  | name : The Book of the Dun Cow  |  description : Walter Wangerin's profound fantasy concerns a time when the sun turned around the earth and the animals could speak, when Chauntecleer the Rooster ruled over a more or less peaceful kingdom. What the animals did not know was that they were the Keepers of Wyrm, monster of evil long imprisoned beneath the earth ... and Wyrm, sub terra, was breaking free.
 id : 235744 ISBN : 0395282675  | name : Hubert's Hair Raising Adventure  |  description : A haughty lion accidentally loses his mane. His friends find a remedy, but it creates a new crisis.
 id : 235746 ISBN : 0395313899  | name : Cyrus the Unsinkable Sea Serpent  |  description : Cyrus, a shy and friendly serpent, finally realizes his ambition by heroically helping some voyagers through a storm and foiling some dastardly pirates.
 id : 235748 ISBN : 0136204449  | name : The New York Public Library Desk Reference  |  description : "A Stonesong Press book." This collection of the most frequently sought information is organized into 26 subject areas. Includes events, discoveries, people, facts, dates, terms, etc.
 id : 235749 ISBN : 0895948877  | name : Little Book of Love Magic  |  description : A LITTLE BOOK OF LOVE MAGIC is a cornucopia of lore, magic, an imaginative ritual designed to bring excitement and romance to your life. Patricia Telesco tells us how to use magic to manifest our hopes and dreams for romantic relationships, friendships, family relations, and passions for our work. The chapters are full of recipes, rituals, and simple spells to obtain a deeper love for people, pets, and projects in our lives while increasing our own magnetism, self-confidence, and inspiration.
 id : 235750 ISBN : 0345275934  | name : She Came to the Valley  |  description : This scarce antiquarian book is a selection from Kessinger Publishings Legacy Reprint Series. Due to its age, it may contain imperfections such as marks, notations, marginalia and flawed pages. Because we believe this work is culturally important, we have made it available as part of our commitment to protecting, preserving, and promoting the worlds literature. Kessinger Publishing is the place to find hundreds of thousands of rare and hard-to-find books with something of interest for everyone!
 id : 235751 ISBN : 0865472092  | name : Joe Jones  |  description : Louise, a cook at Jessie's Cafe, relies on humor and the friendship of her co-workers and regulars at the cafe to get over her breakup with Joe Jones
 id : 235753 ISBN : 037540807X  | name : Safekeeping  |  description : A stunning new way to celebrate the small moments that make up a life. In flashes of vivid prose -- sometimes in pieces only one page long -- Abigail Thomas breaks up the notion of what is "memoir" to tell us some true stories from her life: about love and upheaval, mistakes and loyalties, adventures and domesticities; marriage and motherhood at a very young age; a second husband who becomes both an ex and a dear friend in need; a smart-mouthed sister who helps her get through hard times; the many shades of feminine power and female rage; the changing face of desire. Safekeeping is a book in which white space speaks as eloquently as what is revealed. Openhearted and effortlessly funny, these brilliantly selected glimpses of the arc of a life are, in the age of too much confession, a welcome breath of fresh air.
 id : 235755 ISBN : 0878052925  | name : The Correspondence of Flannery O'Connor and the Brainard Cheneys  |  description : In 1953 Flannery O'Connor was so pleased by Brainard Cheney's review of her much misunderstood first novel Wise Blood that she wrote the reviewer to thank him. What Cheney, himself a novelist, had said about the book was right on target. Very soon a friendship between this rising star of southern literature and Brainard and Frances Cheney was flourishing. Over the next eleven years there was a spirited exchange of letters and visits. Whenever possible, the Cheneys stopped by Andalusia, the O'Connor farm near Milledgeville, Georgia, and O'Connor was able to visit them at Cold Chimneys, their home in Smyrna, Tennessee. This fascinating book collecting their correspondence reveals a devoted friendship that ended with Flannery O'Connor's death at thirty-nine in 1964. In these 188 letters, all previously unpublished, we see a new aspect of her life, the part she shared with "Lon" and "Fannie" Cheney. These letters not only give the pleasure of knowing more about the talented Cheneys, an eminent couple close to the Tate circle, but also provide yet another occasion for readers to revel in the delight of Flannery O' Connor's sparkling wit and dark humor. From O'Connor there are 117 letters, from Cheney 71. All Mrs. Cheney's letters to Flannery have been lost, but from the surviving correspondence the reader can note with pleasure the interests that seemed to draw this trio closer as they shared opinions and reports about their native South, their Roman Catholicism, their novels in progress, and their commitment to good writing. But it is chiefly the literary illuminations via these letters that enhance the friendship as well as ignite the reader's compelling curiosity. The letters focus attention upon a time in Flannery O'Connor's life when correspondence was of great importance to her. The O'Connor/Cheney letters make it clear that her circumscribed life was enlarged and enriched by this friendship during her most creative and productive years. - Jacket flap.
 id : 235756 ISBN : 0910019681  | name : Business Buy the Bible  |  description : Who could write the manual of life better than the Creator of Life? In "Business Buy the Bible", Wade Cook shows readers exactly what God says about running everyday aspects of life. Readers will learn how to apply God's principles to saving, spending, and investing and to apply Biblical methods to their lives every day.
 id : 235757 ISBN : 0830707913  | name : Autobiography of God  |  description : This book is a exciting new source of spiritual truth and power. As he studied and preached on the parables the author came to a profound coviction: Eash parable contains a basic element of the nature of God and how He works in our lives.
 id : 235760 ISBN : 031032971X  | name : A Love Story  |  description : Questions and answers about sex from a Christian point of view.
 id : 235761 ISBN : 0440403944  | name : The Mystery about Maxie  |  description : When Maxie Schloss joins Suite 3-D, the other girls place an ad in the local paper to help her find a pen pal, but when a mystery boy begins writing letters to her, Shanon, Amy, and Palmer are determined to find out who he is.
 id : 235762 ISBN : 080211668X  | name : The Beat Hotel  |  description : Recreates the period from 1957 to 1963 when Paris's Beat Hotel, a cheap rooming house on the Left Bank, became the home and gathering place of Allen Ginsberg, William Burroughs, Gregory Corso, and other luminaries of the Beat Generation.
 id : 235763 ISBN : 0962067164  | name : Body Language Secrets  |  description : sexual signals help you find, meet, talk with and date Mister or Ms Right using secrets of nonverbal communication. Fifty photographs clearly show what to watch out for. The essence of courtship and dating conversations is to communicate, with and without words, "This is who I am. I like me. I hope you like me. Show and tell me about yourself so I can discover if I like you." Women - learn how you can easily get noticed, then interest and attract the right type of man, a man you can trust. The way he stands or sits, touches or does not touch himself lets you know if he is telling the truth. The brutally honest chapter is titled Courtship Tactics for women. Men - learn how you can tell from across the room if she's interested in you by her posture and gestures. During conversation, find out if she's leading you on or if she's sincerely interested in you. The brutally hones chapter is titled Courtship Tactics for Men.
 id : 235764 ISBN : 0316745502  | name : Taking the Helm  |  description : The author recounts her experiences captaining an all-women's team around the world in the Whitbread Race
 id : 235765 ISBN : 0486297136  | name : The Circular Staircase  |  description : A middle-aged spinster rents a country house for the summer and soon finds herself plunged into a nasty scenario of bank defaults, stolen securities and murder. An entertaining blend of intrigue, villainy and heart-pounding suspense for crime fiction buffs and lovers of great mystery classics.
 id : 235769 ISBN : 0440920981  | name : Daughters of the Law  |  description : While trying to cope with being the new girl in town, shy Ruthie Morgenthau also struggles with family pressures over her impending bat mitzvah.
 id : 235770 ISBN : 0448115409  | name : Rocks & Minerals  |  description : Vivid photographs supplement practical data on the characteristics and collection of rock and mineral specimens
 id : 235771 ISBN : 0394845676  | name : Richard Scarry's Peasant Pig and the Terrible Dragon, with Lowly Worm the Jolly Jester  |  description : When Princess Lily is captured by a dragon, Peasant Pig bravely attempts her rescue.
 id : 235775 ISBN : 0821748297  | name : Intimacies  |  description : Lisa Jackson broke new ground with "Treasures". Now, with "Intimacies", she returns to today's Pacific Northwest, where an ill-fated love between a wealthy heiress and the town's bad boy sweeps them both toward tragedy--and murder.
 id : 235777 ISBN : 0786003820  | name : Some Like It Hotter  |  description : Still struggling to recover from the deprivation and heartaches of the Civil War, Abigail Kingsley confronts new upheaval when a mysterious, handsome Yankee, who claims to be from the future, unexpectedly arrives in her home. Original.
 id : 235779 ISBN : 0373264151  | name : Death of the Party  |  description : Death Of The Party by Catherine Dain released on Feb 22, 2002 is available now for purchase.
 id : 235780 ISBN : 0870444514  | name : Puppies  |  description : Text and photos highlight the newborn care of puppies by their mothers and their subsequent selection, training, and care as pets.
 id : 235781 ISBN : 0821765752  | name : Texas Treasure  |  description : Texas rancher and gambler Colt Morgan was riding the vengeance trail to find the gang responsible for murdering his family. When a failed raid left him saddled with feisty Amelia Spencer, a beautiful housemaid who'd just killed a man in self-defence, Colt soon found himself on another mission - rescuing the woman who, night after passionate night, stirred his senses as no woman ever has.Riding into the unknown, her arms wrapped around Colt, Amelia felt protected at last - until fate put her smack in the middle of danger again. When Colt brought her to safety, she wanted nothing more than to stay with this rugged man who made her feel truly adored. If only her love was enough to convince him to trade his pursuit of vengeance for a home and happiness...with her!
 id : 235782 ISBN : 0671440721  | name : The Dinosaurs  |  description : An introduction to dinosaurs, in question-and-answer format, with illustrations, time line, and atlas.
 id : 235784 ISBN : 0843937963  | name : West Wind  |  description : Running from false murder accusations, renowned opera singer Annabelle St. Clair is forced to perform in saloons in order to support herself, until she meets a handsome gunslinger who promises her safe passage to San Francisco. Original.
 id : 235785 ISBN : 0877016089  | name : A Child's Garden of Verses  |  description : A collection of poems evoking the world and feelings of childhood. Illustrated with antique pictures by some well-known children's book illustrators.
 id : 235788 ISBN : 0451400771  | name : Yesterday's Roses  |  description : The author of "The Tryst" offers a sweeping love story set in post-civil war Louisiana that focuses on the MacKinley's and the Delacroix's, two families that feel a strong enmity for each other yet that are bound by unthinking passions
 id : 235789 ISBN : 0671732420  | name : Martin Luther King  |  description : An account of the Black leader's life that explores his personal struggles to bring social justice and equality to his people through peaceful means.
 id : 235791 ISBN : 0821764608  | name : A Matter of Trust  |  description : A young female doctor is shocked to discover the half-naked, gorgeous body of her first patient belongs to a man she hoped to never see again after he betrayed her. Can they find the courage to reclaim and old love and open their hearts to timeless passion?
 id : 235792 ISBN : 0821725963  | name : Bandit's Embrace  |  description : Brace yourself for more super-selling wild western fire from Georgina Gentry. Amethyst Durango was forced to enroll in a convent by her scheming, jealous stepmother. But the alluring Mexican maiden swore she would experience life to the fullest and chose a handsome Texas drifter for her mate.
 id : 235793 ISBN : 0316141011  | name : Long Stretch at First Base  |  description : Bobby Jamison is determined to help his older brother, Kirby, make the All-Star team, but when he sees a way to give his brother the edge over his closest rival Bobby must decide whether or not to act.
 id : 235796 ISBN : 0671023306  | name : Dark Visions  |  description : Now, for the first time, the three spellbinding volumes of Smith's "Dark Vision" series in one book. Features "The Stranger Power, The Possessed" and "The Passion".
 id : 235799 ISBN : 0800750594  | name : Life Sentence  |  description : The sequel to Colson's best-seller, Born Again, this book reveals how he began a new life and his struggle to begin a new ministry. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 235800 ISBN : 055348592X  | name : Our Secret Love  |  description : Dana is falling in love with her brother's best friend, Chris who is supposed to be off-limits and when Brian finds out, it causes a major problem.
 id : 235801 ISBN : 0553492888  | name : Stolen Kisses  |  description : Laura has great friends, the lead in the school play, and the attention of Ted, a hot senior. So why does she end up kissing Mark at a party one night? Sure, Mark's sexy, but he's also the most notorious player in her school--clearly not boyfriend material. Laura knows she's got to put him out of her mind. Because kissing Mark was just a dumb mistake, wasn't it?
 id : 235802 ISBN : 0830818359  | name : Pastor Karl's Rookie Year  |  description : Here are insightful, often hilarious glimpses into everyday Christian life from a rookie pastor, Karl Beck. Includes Why Preaching Will Never Be an Olympic Event, Counseling Your Average Moral Hyena and Never Trust a Spiritual Revolution You Can't Dance To. 119 pages, paper
 id : 235803 ISBN : 0553566660  | name : More Than a Friend  |  description : Delia is tired of hearing her best friend, Cain, talk about how easy it is to get a girl. Delia says she could find someone special before Cain ever could. But after weeks of dating misery, both are ready to accept defeat--until Cain suggests they date each other. Do friends really make better partners?
 id : 235805 ISBN : 0830816178  | name : The End  |  description : Peppering his discussion with fresh stories and real-world application, A.J. Conyers looks anew at what the Gospels really say about the end.
 id : 235806 ISBN : 0505523094  | name : Mistress of the Waters  |  description : Born into a family of wealth and power, Shannon has to reinvent herself when her father's business collapses. Planning to relocate to the home of her forbearers in Ireland after college, Shannon immerses herself in her studies. When an old book reveals a mysterious scrap of vellum with musical notes and her name, she finds herself whistling a different tune in a different time--a time of mists and warriors, Druids and legends, and a handsome Irish outcast named Lasairian.
 id : 235807 ISBN : 0836210921  | name : Golf  |  description : Quote-a-Page Books contain quotes, poems, prose excerpts, and anecdotes, all carefully selected to present a compelling book that readers will pick up and browse through for inspiration, a contemplative moment, or a good laugh. Trivia books contain hundreds of questions and answers and factoids that trivia and sports buffs can't resist.
 id : 235809 ISBN : 014012358X  | name : Granta 27  |  description : A story becomes a story once it has an ending, and there is no ending more powerful than death. The story of Romeo and Juliet begins when Romeo and Juliet die. The story of Othello. The story of Anna Karenina. The story of Madame Bovary: until their deaths; there is no story. But what is the story of death itself?
 id : 235811 ISBN : 0061014338  | name : The Challenge  |  description : Wealthy, handsome, and devastatingly charming, the expatriate Viscount Hathaway Wycoff could easily win most women's affections. But the lovely Lucy Stone isn't most women. Though the self-respecting beauty is drawn to him, she refuses to give in to passion. Once before Lucy had followed her heart--a journey that took her to America and left her there a penniless young widow and mother. A rich relative unexpectedly offers Lucy and her son passage back to England, answering her longtime prayer. She doesn't want to leave Wycoff, but given his scandalous reputation, it seems the right choice. Wycoff promises he will change to win her, but Lucy cannot allow herself to believe him. When a devious plot threatens all Lucy holds dear, she must turn to the man she's vowed not to trust. Neither knows what final destination fate has in store--but they are willing to risk everything to find out.
 id : 235812 ISBN : 0394703693  | name : The Birth of Tragedy and The Case of Wagner  |  description : "The two books in this volume belong together in theme. The Birth of Tragedy, Nietzsche's first book, ends with a lengthy panegyric on the rebirth of tragedy in Wagner's opera's. In his "Attempt at a Self-Criticism," added as a preface to the "new edition" of 1886, Nietzsche regretted that he had "spoiled the grandiose Greek problem ... by introducing the most modern problems," and he explained that he had meanwhile come to see Wagner in a very different light. Two years later, in 1888, Nietzsche brought out the last book whose publication he himself experienced: The Case of Wagner."--From book's preface.
 id : 235815 ISBN : 1853265071  | name : Bury Love Deep  |  description : It is wartime, and the customers in the little country pub are all in uniform. Tom and Anne are oblivious to the noise around them, for it is time to part, and she knows he will be walking out of her life forever. Yet the memory of their love remains, and years later Tom decides to look for Anne. But she seems to have disappeared without trace.
 id : 235819 ISBN : 1582431841  | name : The People of the Sea  |  description : The author, a Scotsman raised in a fishing village, chases after the enduring myth that seals were once human and occasionally resume human form. 10,000 first printing.
 id : 235821 ISBN : 0060523204  | name : The Merlin Conspiracy  |  description : When the Merlin of Blest dies, everyone thinks it's a natural death. But Roddy and Grundo, two children traveling with the Royal Court, soon discover the truth. The Merlin's replacement and other courtiers are scheming to steal the magic of Blest for their own purposes. Roddy enlists the help of Nick, a boy from another world, and the three turn to their own impressive powers. The dangers are great, and if Roddy, Grundo, and Nick cannot stop the conspirators, the results will be more dreadful than they could possibly imagine.
 id : 235822 ISBN : 0830816100  | name : Reason in the Balance  |  description : A critique of the all-pervasive naturalistic assumptions and presuppositions in American academia, government, and the judiciary, and their effect on education, public policy, and law.
 id : 235823 ISBN : 0800710517  | name : Whatever Happened to the Human Race?  |  description : Whatever Happened to the Human Race? provides us with a foundation for understanding and action. We see not only the facts of abortion, infanticide, and euthanasia, but also the ideas behind these life and death issues. Dr. Schaeffer and Dr. Koop illuminate for us the anti-God and anti-life attitudes that dominate our society today. In these pages we find the tools for action to change what is happening in America. We find the answers we need to restore the dignity and sanctity of every stage of life.
 id : 235824 ISBN : 0802110312  | name : The Middleman and Other Stories  |  description : People from four corners of the world are brought together, geographically and emotionally, in a collection of stories that presents the fear, love, suspicion, and astonishment of an America bursting with the energy of cultural fusion
 id : 235825 ISBN : 0441011497  | name : The Light Ages  |  description : Nearing the end of a Third Age of Industry fueled by a magical substanced named aether, Robert Borrow, the son of a guildsman, becomes involved in a revolution to end a society based on inequality, greed, and corruption.
 id : 235826 ISBN : 006273671X  | name : Toddlercare Day-by-day  |  description : From teaching children how to dress to cooking toddler-friendly meals to creating rewarding playtime activities, this authoritative guide takes parents through all aspects of one of the most important periods in a child's development. Illustrations. Index.
 id : 235828 ISBN : 0062732005  | name : Born to Shop Hong Kong  |  description : This excellent travel companion for avid shoppers and bargain sekers in the Far East reveals how to stay at luxury hotels and pay special shopper's rates; how to buy designer clothes from $10 bins; and how to buy a used Nikkon. Travel maps, shopping tours, negotiating tips, and more are included.
 id : 235830 ISBN : 0802110797  | name : Empire of the Senseless  |  description : Acker continues her post-modern explorations with a story set in a bleak world where the society we know is dying in its own ruins.
 id : 235832 ISBN : 158668129X  | name : Barney's Favorite Farm Animals  |  description : Barney sings his own verison of Old MacDonald had a farm.
 id : 235833 ISBN : 0670833428  | name : The Buddha of Suburbia  |  description : Karim's father becomes London's buddha of suburbia and draws his young son into an overwhelming world of punk rockers, eccentric theater people, extravagant parties, and, of course, lavish sex
 id : 235834 ISBN : 0684825058  | name : Greater Expectations  |  description : Greater Expectations is the book that exposed the low standards that children are confronted with in our homes, our schools, and throughout our culture. It exploded many of the misconceptions about children and how to raise them, including the cult of self-esteem, "child-centered" learning, and other overly indulgent practices that have been watering down the education and guidance that we are providing our young people. It disclosed how the self-centered ethic is damaging our youth. Greater Expectations started America talking about these issues and about how young people need to be provided with challenges and a sense of purpose if we want them to survive and thrive in life. Provocative and challenging, Greater Expectations was a wake-up call, a must-read for anyone concerned about the growing youth crisis in America and what we can do about it.
 id : 235837 ISBN : 0910019835  | name : Wealth 101  |  description : 101 fundamental building blocks to create, manage and maintain wealth.
 id : 235838 ISBN : 0830818847  | name : Jesus the Messiah  |  description : The time is ripe for a new account of the life of Jesus. It has been over twenty-five years since an evangelical New Testament scholar has written a textbook survey of this type. Today the landscape of Jesus and Gospel studies has been radically transformed by new questions and critical challenges. No less remarkable is the contemporary renaissance of our knowledge of the world of Jesus. In Jesus the Messiah Robert Stein draws together the results of a career of research and writing on Jesus and the Gospels. Every episode in the life of Jesus is here treated with historical care and attention to its significance for understanding the life and ministry of Jesus. Clearly written, ably argued and geared to the needs of students, Jesus the Messiah will give probing minds a sure grounding in the life and ministry of Jesus.
 id : 235839 ISBN : 0380763613  | name : A Mom's Life  |  description : An actress and writer speaks with wit and candor about her hectic life, describing a typical day in her turbulent household as she raises two young children
 id : 235840 ISBN : 1878580213  | name : Aurélia  |  description : An autobiographical fiction of major appeal.
 id : 235841 ISBN : 067101529X  | name : Turn Your Talents Into Profits  |  description : There seems to be no dearth of suggestions for making money at home, as the growing number of books devoted to the topic proves. But how many of these ideas are practical and creative at the same time? The experienced team of Sanders and Bullen not only describes more than 100 of the more unusual business vocations, but also interviews quite a few practitioners and lists specific resources to consult. Each entry includes a lengthy explanation of the job, and its duties and responsibilities, along with a top tip (e.g., for aspiring dog or cat breeders, it's suggested as an adjunct to other pet-related businesses, not as a solo venture), getting started, and the going rate. Sure to provoke chuckles are some of the recommendations, albeit all bona fide, such as a garden goosewear designer (yes, for concrete birds) and a beekeeper (no stings in this thought). Good information, well presented.
 id : 235846 ISBN : 0394881672  | name : My First Book of Telling Time  |  description : A variety of games, quizes, and puzzles aid in learning how to use a clock to tell time.
 id : 235847 ISBN : 0394890396  | name : Getting Ready for Numbers  |  description : Explores concepts of size and gives kids practice in recognizing the numbers 1 to 5.
 id : 235851 ISBN : 0446677930  | name : Cases  |  description : Seeking the freedom of the roads in the 1950s, Notre Dame graduate Pierce Duncan finds strange, fateful meetings: with a redneck guard on a Georgia chain gang, with a killer on a lonely Texas road, with a corrupt Los Angeles cult leader, and with a hard-nosed private eye who will change his life forever.
 id : 235852 ISBN : 039489040X  | name : Getting Ready for School  |  description : Introduces the daily routine and customs of the classroom while presenting some typical readiness exercises.
 id : 235858 ISBN : 0843131438  | name : My First Book of Dinosaurs  |  description : Workbook for teaching fundamental skills using dinosaurs.
 id : 235859 ISBN : 0553481568  | name : Gift Horse  |  description : Will Stevie Have To Say Good-bye To No-Name? Stevie Lake is ecstatic. After years of wanting a horse of her own, her parents have given her "No-Name," a beautiful Arabian-Saddlebred. And everyone can see that the frisky, sassy mare is the perfect match for a rider like fun-loving, Stevie. Now all she has to do to make "No-Name" hers is come up with a fitting name. But before Stevie can find a name for the beautiful mare, her happiness is abruptly shattered. During a Pony Club exhibition, another girl claims that "No-Name" was stolen from her family's barn. Could Stevie's new mount really be the horse the older girl calls "Punk"? Is Stevie about to lose her dream horse forever?
 id : 235861 ISBN : 0765304627  | name : Midnight Pass  |  description : Abandoning his old life after the death of his wife, Lew Fonesca takes a series of odd jobs in Sarasota, Florida, and is enlisted to help locate some missing people, a situation that is complicated by a string of suspicious deaths.
 id : 235862 ISBN : 0394876881  | name : My First Book of Animals  |  description : A series of simple activities with the Questron wand teach basic facts about the appearance, habits and behavior of a variety of animals.
 id : 235864 ISBN : 0394886909  | name : Lewis Said, Lewis Did  |  description : Lewis the lion spends a busy day doing many things, including building a house, flying an airplane, making a cake, and rowing a boat. On board pages.
 id : 235867 ISBN : 0486243028  | name : Cut & Assemble Paper Airplanes That Fly  |  description : These 8 aerodynamically sound, ready-to-build paper airplanes are blazing with color and ready to soar. Includes easy instruction for folding a Baker F-399 and X-411, Phantom, Daedalus, Icarus, Songbird, and more. All you need are scissors, glue, paper clips, a ruler, tape, and pennies to get them off the ground.
 id : 235870 ISBN : 0307121208  | name : Cyndy Szekeres' A B C.  |  description : Each letter of the alphabet is represented by labeled pictures. On board pages.
 id : 235871 ISBN : 039482167X  | name : Richard Scarry's Great Big Air Book  |  description : The animals learn how they depend on air to fly airplanes, dry laundry, blow out birthday candles, inflate tires, and do many other things.
 id : 235872 ISBN : 0385501544  | name : The Last Empire  |  description : A new collection of provocative, witty and eloquent essays by Gore Vidal, the greatest living American man of letters and one of the finest essayists of the twentieth (and twenty-first) century. The Last Empire" is Gore Vidal's ninth collection of essays in the course of his distinguished literary career. As in the previous volumes, which include the 1993 National Book Award-winning "United States: Essays 1952-1992, Vidal displays unparalleled range and inimitable style as he deals with matters literary, historical, personal, and political. There are warm (and shrewd) appreciations of Edmund Wilson, Dawn Powell, Sinclair Lewis, and Mark Twain; polemical observations on the major figures and (as he sees it) deplorable developments in American politics, Bill Clinton, FDR, JFK, his cousin Al Gore, the CIA and the American empire, the global reach of media conglomerates, and the United States' disdain for the UN, as well as fascinating autobiographical vignettes. Pieces that have already generated shock waves include his essay in dispraise of the works of John Updike, his controversial defense of Charles Lindbergh, and his attack on the national security state that first appeared in "Vanity Fair. Nobody makes the fur fly in a more elegant and civilized fashion than Gore Vidal. He is our indispensable man.
 id : 235874 ISBN : 0517186594  | name : Western Stories  |  description : A collection of western stories from American authors, presented in chronological order.
 id : 235876 ISBN : 0802440355  | name : Purity Reigns  |  description : A senior in high school comes to realize that her relationship with God is more important than anything.
 id : 235878 ISBN : 2290328359  | name : Noces indiennes  |  description : " Mais maintenant en pensant au fils Gosh et à ses dents en avant un cri jaillit du plus profond d'elle-même, un cri de révolte qui marqua le moment précis de son passage à l'âge adulte : Non ! Je ne veux pas ! " À Madras, Savitri, la fille du cuisinier, aime David, le fils des maîtres anglais. Cet amour saura-t-il résister au poids des traditions ? Nat est l'enfant adoptif d'un médecin blanc qui soigne les malades démunis d'une province indienne. Parti à Londres faire des études, parviendra-t-il à ne pas oublier d'où il vient ? Saroj vit une existence riante en Guyane britannique jusqu'au jour où son père lui impose un mari... Roman foisonnant, vibrant de violence et d'amour, Noces indiennes mêle, avec un brio époustouflant, le récit de trois destins exceptionnels qui finissent par se rencontrer au-delà des époques, des continents et des races.
 id : 235881 ISBN : 0895261634  | name : Franklin  |  description : Paints a portrait of founding father Benjamin Franklin, arguing that the American republic would not have been possible without the Renaissance author, journalist, scientist, politician, diplomat, and bon vivant.
 id : 235882 ISBN : 1410762157  | name : The Journey of Escape  |  description : This is the first book of the LittleWolf series. It is an interactive, bilingual language and literacy program for children of all ages. By working together, the author, translator, teachers, parents, and children create educational material suited to the needs and desires of each individual child or group. The author provides the basic structure. It includes storytime, exercises, games, visual aids, and instruction guide. The translators insert the vocabulary words and phrases in the spaces provided to create a mixed-language program. The teachers, parents, and children draw the vocabulary pictures that match the underlined words of the storytime page. The story is about three Native American children named LittleWolf, his sister MoonFlower, and their new friend RunningBear. The two older children teach RunningBear how to dance, and quiz him on his knowledge of colors and numbers. Everyone enjoys the festivities, and our threesome dances in the hope of winning a prize.
 id : 235884 ISBN : 0689313624  | name : Understanding Radioactivity  |  description : Examines the nature, sources, problems, and uses of radioactivity.
 id : 235885 ISBN : 044651201X  | name : The Real War  |  description : The former president examines the forces contending for power in today's world, assesses their goals, strategies and relative strengths and weaknesses, and weighs the implications of current trends
 id : 235887 ISBN : 0671874918  | name : Memories of Another Day  |  description : In the mountains of West Virginia Dan learned the price of work, love, and murder--when murder was a man's last resort. Daniel Boone Huggins, shaped by violent tragedy and a restless passion for beautiful women, rose from poverty to become the most powerful--and dangerous--labor organizer in America.
 id : 235888 ISBN : 1571200037  | name : Impressionist Quilts  |  description : Introduces techniques for creating impressionist style landscape quilts, and includes step-by-step instructions for four quilt projects
 id : 235889 ISBN : 0671874977  | name : A Stone for Danny Fisher  |  description : Gritty and compelling, this reissue of the bestselling classic is a tale of ambition, hope, violence, and hard living as experienced by Danny Fisher, a teenager forced to leave his childhood behind when his family falls on hard times.
 id : 235891 ISBN : 019500597X  | name : The Oxford Companion to American History  |  description : This Companion attempts to serve as a one-volume reference book on American history. Most of the articles in it are summaries of lives, events, and places significant in the founding and growth of the nation. It gives attention to social, political, and labor movements, the observations of travelers, both foreign and domestic, and includes the fields of art, science, commerce, literature, education, and law. There are also articles dealing with sports and entertainment.
 id : 235893 ISBN : 0451133242  | name : Souvenir  |  description : In Nazi-occupied Paris, Floy Devon, a beautiful American turned French movie star, finds her life threatened when it is discovered that her aunt leads an underground Resistance group, flees the Gestapo, and finds love with the cynical Max Winterhagen
 id : 235894 ISBN : 0673393585  | name : Eleanor Roosevelt  |  description : Covers Eleanor Roosevelt's life as a professional woman, a wife and mother, and, finally, a woman who illuminated her times and exemplified the complexities of womanhood in the twentieth century.
 id : 235895 ISBN : 2702430554  | name : L'oeil derrière l'épaule  |  description : Que faire quand la ville devient un champ de bataille où les barbares pullulent dans les parkings, et menacent votre femme, vos enfants ? Fuir, bien sûr ! Se mettre en quête d'un territoire protégé de la folie urbaine, où l'on pourra couler des jours paisibles et oublier la peur. Voilà pourquoi la gentille famille Woolwright va choisir de s'installer dans une résidence hautement surveillée, un paradis truffé d'alarmes, de caméras et de vigiles qui, tels de redoutables sentinelles, veillent à la frontière de ce cocon d'harmonie en marge du réel. Mais les Woolwright vont bientôt découvrir qu'une autre sorte de danger, plus sournois, fermente dans ce lieu clos 100 % aseptisé. Tout se paye, tout a un prix, la sécurité comme le reste... Mais la facture peut, parfois, se révéler mortelle. Un huis-clos à l'air libre, tel est le défi réussi proposé par Jean-Pierre Andrevon, dans un présent qui pourrait bien être notre futur...
 id : 235897 ISBN : 0689829116  | name : Memory  |  description : On the fifth anniversary of his older sister's death, nineteen-year-old Jonny Dart, troubled by feelings of guilt and an imperfect memory of the event, goes in search of the only other witness to the fatal accident. Through a chance meeting with a senile old woman, he finds a way to free himself of the past.
 id : 235899 ISBN : 0385722583  | name : The New York Times Second Book of Science Questions and Answers  |  description : From the function of earwax to why woodpeckers do not damage their brains and the truth about spontaneous human combustion, a compendium answers 225 inquiries into everyday science mysteries.
 id : 235900 ISBN : 0140371028  | name : Uncanny!  |  description : Uncanny! I stared at Dad's eyes through the gas mask and remembered our handshake. A deal is a deal. With pounding heart, I walked into the soggy, wet mouth of the dead whale. It's uncanny . . . turning into a dung beetle, catching someone else's tattoos, being in bed with a ghost who tickles, seeing a flying dog.
 id : 235903 ISBN : 1566091810  | name : The Little Windows 95 Book  |  description : Anyone getting started with Windows 95 needs a "computer buddy, " someone who doesn't mind answering even those basic things that everyone assumes you already know. At last, here's a book that acts like such a friend. Written in a relaxed, conversational style, this book explains everything, from getting around in Windows to printing documents. Plus, It's packed with scores of useful tips and charts of keyboard shortcuts.
 id : 235907 ISBN : 0722143915  | name : Upstairs, Downstairs  |  description : The events in the lives of aristocratic English family members and their servants in Edwardian England.
 id : 235908 ISBN : 0879837853  | name : Solved  |  description : Langer and Scheer first show how to check for osteoporosis, then discuss the causes of the condition and what to do about it. Prevention is the best course, and a calcium-rich diet and plenty of sun and exercise in the teen years offer an excellent chance of escaping osteoporosis later on. The authors explode some myths about calcium supplementation, giving alternative sources to dairy products, and explore the pros and cons of the much-publicized estrogen replacement therapy and the potential of a safer treatment. Whether you want to assess your risk of developing osteoporosis or to escape the consequences of an existing condition, this book has the information you need.
 id : 235910 ISBN : 0961940166  | name : The Moon Over Crete  |  description : Eleven-year-old Lily travels back in time 3,500 years to ancient Crete, where women and men were equal.
 id : 235911 ISBN : 0897669428  | name : Seventeenth Texas Symposium on Relativistic Astrophysics and Cosmology  |  description : The December 1994 proceedings boasts 132 presentations from astrophysicists reviewing their findings in the highly diverse field. The plenary talks provide new findings in solar neutrino problems, MACHOS and dark matter, galaxy clusters, and particle physics and cosmology. Other invited talks cover
 id : 235912 ISBN : 0754060535  | name : Swimathon!  |  description : Barny Gobbo issues a team swimming challenge with a rival school to raise money.
 id : 235914 ISBN : 0732909821  | name : People of Heaven  |  description : Novel set in South Africa. Michael King and Dyson Mpande are the sons of enemies. Their friendship is tested by an act of evil, and the fate of the Zulu nation hangs in the balance. The author's other publications include 'Echoes of an Angry God', 'Edge of the Rain' and 'Storms over Africa'.
 id : 235917 ISBN : 0805055460  | name : Frog Face  |  description : A girl describes the joys and frustrations of living with her little sister.
 id : 235920 ISBN : 0312127499  | name : The Statesman's Year-Book  |  description : Compiles statistical data on the political, social, and economic status of the world's nations
 id : 235921 ISBN : 0684817268  | name : In a Perfect State  |  description : Red-eyed and jet-lagged, an American businessman arrives in Singapore from Manhattan, unaware that he has been marked for assassination. Twice. A world away in New York he was Jack Taft, Vice President, Logistics LBTech, Inc: a small cog in a mighty wheel of the international electronics and armaments industry. A decent company man, an ordinary man, and no hero. Now, in the Big Brother Utopia of Singapore he's suddenly become a fugitive pursued by police whose orders read 'shoot to kill'. A firestorm of bullets sets him on the run. A dozen hitmen confront him in the street. A relentlessly lethal policeman stalks him through the swamps. Death is inches away unless he learns to fight back...
 id : 235922 ISBN : 0673387348  | name : The Scott, Foresman Robert's Rules of Order Newly Revised  |  description : A guide to parliamentary procedure tells how to conduct and participate in a meeting properly.
 id : 235927 ISBN : 0804003211  | name : The Wife of Martin Guerre  |  description : This compelling story of Bertrande de Rols is a rich novella with the timeless power of a fable. It was based on a famous story of a court case in mid-16th century France.Janet Lewis depicts a distant time and a traditional, rural culture based on a highly ordered patriarchal structure. When "Martin Guerre" returns from a quest after eight years, the family embraces him, and Bertrande is swept up in the relief at the apparent return to the security of the old order.But Martin has changed, and Bertrande threatens the established order with her defiant quest for the truth. Once the accusation of false identity is laid formally and the trial process begins. Many witnesses are called. Bertrande is pressured to withdraw, and she herself is reluctant to see "Martin" executed.Finally, the real, battle-weary Martin stumbles into the courtroom and is instantly recognized. He shows no mercy to Bertrande for allowing herself to be deceived. The real facts emerge, but the fate of Bertrande and Martin remains open-ended. In this new edition of Janet Lewis’s classic short novel, The Wife of Martin Guerre, Swallow Press executive editor Kevin Haworth writes that Lewis’s story is “a short novel of astonishing depth and resonance, a sharply drawn historical tale that asks contemporary questions about identity and belonging, about men and women, and about an individual’s capacity to act within an inflexible system.” Originally published in 1941, The Wife of Martin Guerre has earned the respect and admiration of critics and readers for over sixty years. Based on a notorious trial in sixteenth-century France, this story of Bertrande de Rols is the first of three novels making up Lewis’s Cases of Circumstantial Evidence suite (the other two are The Trial of Sören Qvist and The Ghost of Monsieur Scarron). Swallow Press is delighted and honored to offer readers beautiful new editions of all three Cases of Circumstantial Evidence novels, each featuring a new introduction by Kevin Haworth.
 id : 235928 ISBN : 0520213963  | name : After Heaven  |  description : The evolution of American spirituality over the past 50 years is the subject of "After Heaven". Robert Wuthnow's findings are a telling reflection of the changes in beliefs and lifestyles that have occurred throughout the United States in recent decades.
 id : 235929 ISBN : 091337444X  | name : Lost Pony  |  description : Text and photos unfold the wanderings of an orphan boy on the streets of Paris as he dreams of owning a horse.
 id : 235934 ISBN : 0439343542  | name : Time Out  |  description : When Jack and the gang find out that evil aliens are after their Server, a tool that can translate any language, they have to do some heavy time traveling to save their precious equipment.
 id : 235936 ISBN : 0156576805  | name : Mary Poppins  |  description : The wind brings four English children a new nanny who slides up the bannister and introduces them to some delightful people and experiences.
 id : 235937 ISBN : 0140275312  | name : Little Book of Dreams  |  description : Dreams have intrigued human beings for centuries. They can be erotic and sublime, terrifying and disturbing, puzzling and confronting. Arguably they can tell us more about ourselves than anything or anyone else. THE LITTLE BOOK OF DREAMS is a beautiful gift and a handy source of inspiration and information on dreams, dreamers and dreaming. It features definitions of dream symbols and colours, fascinating 'dream facts', thoughtful quotations, and helpful ideas on dream recall and interpretation.
 id : 235939 ISBN : 0140280693  | name : The Little Book of Sleep  |  description : Enjoy a blissful sleep every night with these inspiring ideas from the master of calm. Remember how wonderful it felt to awaken - refreshed, alive, eager to take on the day? Now every day can be like that. Paul Wilson brings you page after page of easy-to-follow suggestions to enrich your rest, sweeten your dreams, and make bedtime one of the highlights of your day.
 id : 235940 ISBN : 0942297040  | name : The Costa Rica Traveler  |  description : This perennially popular guide to Costa Rica's splendor features completely updated information on nearly 500 hotels and nature lodges. Readers can easily navigate Searby's readable text and tables to learn what to see and do in any season; when and where to find tropical birds; and how to travel safely with children and by car. 90 photos. Maps.
 id : 235943 ISBN : 0060192372  | name : The Heart Revolution  |  description : Eat your way to a healthier heart! Heart disease is the number one killer in America, and the widespread belief is that it is caused by a diet high in fat and cholesterol. Why do many heart attack victims have "normal" cholesterol levels? Why do the French, who love foie gras and red wine, rarely develop heart disease? How is it that the native people of Greenland and the Masai of Africa, whose diets consists largely of animal fat, have almost no heart disease? For eighty-five years, the cholesterol theory of heart disease reigned supreme. But it has never been scientifically proven that fats and cholesterol cause arteriosclerosis or that lowering the amount of fat and cholesterol in our diets will reduce our risk of developing heart disease. In this groundbreaking book, Dr. Kilmer McCully explains what is really behind the epidemic of heart disease. The Harvard-trained physician and researcher reveals how the vitamin B deficiency in our Western diet has produced harmful blood levels of homocysteine, an amino acid produced in the body. Homocysteine damages the arteries, leaving them susceptible to cholesterol and fat deposits. For many years clogged arteries have been inaccurately viewed as the cause, rather than the symptom, of heart disease. Now McCully shows you how to cut your risk of heart disease by controlling the real culprit, homocysteine. Considered one of the most significant medical breakthroughs in recent years, McCully's findings have been validated by numerous large-scale studies. The Heart Revolution: challenged the long-held assumptions that lowering cholesterol is the key to preventing heart disease explains how eating vitamin B-rich food can control homocysteine levels lays pout a plan with menus for putting more B vitamins in our diet discusses how food processing and additives compromise our health exposes the politics within the medical community and the pharmaceutical industry explains how costly cholesterol-lowering medicines can actually harm our health In the 1970s, pharmaceutical houses were making huge profits on cholesterol-lowering drugs. When McCully dared to challenge the prevailing view that cholesterol caused heart disease, he was castigated by his peers. Thirty years later he has received international recognition for the very same work. The Heart Revolution is more than a revolutionary program for disease prevention, it is also an intriguing tale of medical discovery.
 id : 235945 ISBN : 0471595284  | name : Do's and Taboos Around The World  |  description : The ultimate guide to international behavior.now completely updated and expanded! Do's and Taboos Around the World 3rd Edition "Roger Axtell is an international Emily Post." --The New Yorker "Can help you make friends [and] avoid travel trouble." --BusinessWeek "Helpful.fun to read." --Steve Birnbaum The first two editions of Do's and Taboos Around the World helped thousands of high-powered executives and tourists avoid the missteps and misunderstandings that plague the world traveler. This updated and expanded Third Edition provides even more facts, tips, and cautionary tales--gleaned from the experiences of more than five hundred international business travelers--as well as: * Information on protocol, customs, and etiquette; hand gestures and body language; tipping; American jargon; and the international communications crisis * Up-to-date advice on dealing with the monumental changes in Russia, Germany, Eastern Europe, the People's Republic of China, and other locales * A new chapter on business gift-giving and gift-receiving customs, with country-by-country gift suggestions and precautions * A special quick reference guide to customs and mores in 96 countries, including revisions and updates from foreign embassies and consulates
 id : 235947 ISBN : 1887299173  | name : The Supplement Shopper  |  description : Two leading health practitioners in the fields of nutrition and biochemistry present a comprehensive A-to Z-guide to health conditions and the dietary supplements that can reverse them.
 id : 235948 ISBN : 188729919X  | name : Weight Loss  |  description : Explains how to use enzymes, aromatherapy, diet, nutrition, Ayurvedic medicine, glandular extracts, exercise, and supplements to help lose weight permanently.
 id : 235949 ISBN : 0062502875  | name : The Chalice and the Blade  |  description : "In prehistorical times, Eisler argues, women and men lived together in egalitarian communities devoted to nurturance; with the imposition of male domination, female values gave way to creeds of hierarchy, aggression, power, obedience. Eisler, a futurist, posits a new society based on the recovery of more humane values."--From Library journal (6/1/85).
 id : 235951 ISBN : 1842552414  | name : Amy Peppercorn  |  description : Sixteen-year-old Amy Peppercorn has a lot to scream about. She's struggling with her A-Levels and coping with her two-year-old sisters while her parents tear each other apart. Her best friend is being lured away from her. Then Amy falls under the spell of cool, elusive Ben and joins his band. Winning his approval means careering through the streets in a stolen car, skipping school, and staying out late. Amy could be in trouble. But she leaves the band behind. She's not like the others. She's going to be a pop sensation. At the end of a stunning novel that packs a huge emotional punch, she is on the brink of stardom - but knows there will be a terrible price to pay. J Brindley is a compelling and very distinctive writer with terrific insight into teenage relationships, hopes and fears. He writes brilliantly about the pop world and the dangerous world of joyriding and police chases. This is a must-read.
 id : 235953 ISBN : 0891093680  | name : Maximize Your Ministry  |  description : In Maximize your Ministry, Robert Slocum outlines the essentials for preparing lay men and women for ministry. "My dream for the church," he writes, "is for a new kind of structure that will equip, enable, and release the people of God to impact their world for Jesus Christ."
 id : 235954 ISBN : 0671687131  | name : Getting Off the Merry-go-round  |  description : Tells how to identify, understand, and control compulsive behavior, and describes techniques for planning and maintaining a recovery
 id : 235955 ISBN : 0891098976  | name : Spiritual Journaling  |  description : This study guide explores and explains how the use of the spiritual discipline of journaling can deepen both our walk with God and our community with other believers.
 id : 235957 ISBN : 1558173358  | name : Werewolves  |  description : Dannie and her father were both Highcliffe alumni, but when huge, bear-like animals began making the streets their feeding ground, the Highcliffe homecoming lost its charm. Then, Dannie's father saw a long-forgotten and unaged face--and pieced together rumors of Nazi-created werewolves.
 id : 235958 ISBN : 0842364013  | name : Spirit-controlled Temperament  |  description : Everyone is a curious mixture of weaknesses and strengths, and there's a reason. Everyone has inherited a distinct temperament -- predominantly sanguine, choleric, melancholy, or phlegmatic, with a combination of traits from two or more groups. Given a person's natural temperament, the Holy Spirit can manifest supernatural characteristics in his life. God's Spirit can release an individual from a life of anger, fear, depression, indecisiveness, instability, and restlessness, and can give a new freedom of peace, purpose, self-control, and dignity.
 id : 235962 ISBN : 0785795995  | name : The Ebony Swan  |  description : Returning to her Virginia home town to confront her past, Susan Prentice confronts the fears of people who believe that her memory might harbor the secret of her mother's "accidental" death
 id : 235966 ISBN : 0671789066  | name : The Ladies' Lunch  |  description : Five close women friends, an elite clique in Washington, D.C., live charmed lives in positions of power and importance, until one of the group mysteriously dies, ominous questions arise, and all of their lives are changed forever. 25,000 first printing.
 id : 235967 ISBN : 8434813092  | name : Un solo de clarinete  |  description : Ramón viaja a Corralejo de la Sierra, el pueblo de sus abuelos, a pasar las vacaciones de verano. Lo que en un principio se avecina como unos meses de intenso aburrimiento, se descubre como el comienzo de un nuevo modo de pensar que cambiará la vida del niño. ¿No se sienten los días más cortos cuándo se disfruta de la naturaleza y el sol? Una estupenda historia que muestra la importancia de la amistad compartida y la vida rural.
 id : 235968 ISBN : 8401473721  | name : Viento de Sangre  |  description : A terrifyingly believable thriller of biotechnology out of control. When a supertanker crashes off San Francisco, producing the largest oil spill in history, attempts to avert an ecological disaster result in the release of a virus that destroys anything made of petroleum--including everything made of plastic.
 id : 235969 ISBN : 843224550X  | name : Luna de lobos  |  description : Ramiro, Gildo y Ángel, tres soldados republicanos de León, huyen en plena noche de las represalias del frente victorioso que ha ocupado su tierra. Refugiados en el monte, siempre al abrigo de la oscuridad de las minas abandonadas, de las cuevas o de la noche, ven pasar los meses mientras tratan de encontrar la forma de sobrevivir y de escapar al infierno de la clandestinidad. De esta manera se manifiesta un instinto primario que puede llevar un hombre acosado hacia la violencia.
 id : 235970 ISBN : 0393090019  | name : Some Must Watch While Some Must Sleep  |  description : Presents research findings on the nature, function, and dynamics of sleep, on dreams and their contents, and on sleep disorders and their consequences and treatment
 id : 235973 ISBN : 0671644173  | name : Spike Lee's Gotta Have it  |  description : Including Spike Lee's advice on independent filmmaking, excerpts from the production journal Lee kept throughout the making of She's Gotta Have It, and much more, Spike Lee's Gotta Have It is a unique document in film literature. 30 black-and-white photographs.
 id : 235975 ISBN : 0970085850  | name : Climbing Out  |  description : Brian creates make-believe worlds inhabited with cavemen, mole-men, monkeys and wise old men, who search for their meaning in life, much like you and me.
 id : 235976 ISBN : 1556523661  | name : The Director's Vision  |  description : An examination of 250 of the world's greatest film directors, classic Hollywood filmmakers as well as independent and international directors, describes the visual style of each.
 id : 235978 ISBN : 1563894696  | name : Batman  |  description : "Originally published in single magazine form as Batman: the long Halloween 1-13"--T.p. verso.
 id : 235979 ISBN : 1563990121  | name : A Man Without Equal  |  description : Explore the birth, early life, teaching, death and resurrection of Jesus Christ
 id : 235981 ISBN : 0785108068  | name : Coming Home  |  description : Graphic novel.
 id : 235984 ISBN : 0969822502  | name : Mega Living!  |  description : -- Blends Western strategies for personal effectiveness with ancient Eastern principles for lifelong success. -- Includes the acclaimed 30-day program for self-mastery and personal renewal.
 id : 235996 ISBN : 1591822254  | name : Samurai Deeper Kyo  |  description : Kyoshiro and Kyo--one a peaceful medicine seller, the other a merciless red-eyed samurai--are two spirits fighting for dominance of the same body as they travel with Yuya, a bounty hunter who helps them look for Kyo's true body.
 id : 235999 ISBN : 0809126702  | name : Bread for the World  |  description : Examines social, economic, and political aspects of international hunger and of its possible alleviation and explains how the ordinary person can help to shape public policy conducive to greater, more effective efforts toward alleviation
 id : 236000 ISBN : 3442448581  | name : Grabesstille  |  description : Die perverse Eitelkeit eines Serienmörders verlangt nach öffentlicher Bestätigung durch die Medien und bringt die Privatermittlerin Irene Kelly in höchste Lebensgefahr.
 id : 236001 ISBN : 0930014138  | name : For Those who Hurt  |  description : Rare is the person who has not known heartache from loss, deprivation, discouragement, or failure. Chuck Swindoll wants us to know that God knows we are hurting and that He wants to be our Comforter. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 236005 ISBN : 0884192849  | name : The House of the Lord  |  description : In this challenging book Francis Frangipane shows churches how to lay aside individual differences and doctrines and come together united in worship and warfare--to rebuild the house of the Lord and bring healing to their cities."Francis is one of those few who, like the apostle John, lean on the Lord's breast and listen to His heart. What comes through in this book is the heart of God."--Rick Joyner
 id : 236006 ISBN : 157566898X  | name : Mourning Glory  |  description : The author of "The War of the Roses" and "Random Hearts" delivers a brilliant, bittersweet, and darkly humorous story that pulls readers into one woman's quest to lose herself and gain a fortune.
 id : 236011 ISBN : 025332985X  | name : Done and Been  |  description : Includes a short history of hobos, oral histories of American hobos, recipes, and a glossary.
 id : 236012 ISBN : 0883684241  | name : Releasing Your Spirit  |  description : Complete, whole, and perfect -- that is God's plan for every believer. Learn how to keep every aspect of your being within God's guidelines, and you will live in the power and life of the Spirit of God!
 id : 236024 ISBN : 0830700404  | name : The Other Side of Morality  |  description : The OTHER SIDE OF MORALITY attempts to lay the choice concerning right and wrong clearly on the line by critiquing the "bill of goods" being sold to the public by the purveyors of the "new morality." Joseph Fletcher's SITUTATION ETHICS and Hugh Hefner's PLAYBOY PHILOSOPY are examined at length and compared with our more traditional concepts. (Take from back cover.).
 id : 236025 ISBN : 0805210776  | name : The Magic Orange Tree  |  description : When Diane Wolkstein, herself a well-known storyteller traveled throughout the Haitian countryside in search of stories, she harvested a rich collection of twenty-seven tales, each of which is illuminated by fascinating introductory notes. From orange trees growing at the command of a child to talking fish, these stories present us with a world of wonder, delight, and mystery. With a foreword by Edwidge Danticat
 id : 236029 ISBN : 0882077104  | name : The Art of Staying Off Dead-end Streets  |  description : "A fresh look at Ecclesiastes, showing how we can bypass failure if we follow the wisdom of God." - Cover.
 id : 236033 ISBN : 1573926841  | name : Caring for the Parkinson Patient  |  description : New treatments and advances in therapy for the ravages of Parkinson's disease are constantly being researched and perfected for patients, yet those afflicted still must endure tremors, poor balance, speech problems, and lessened psychological well-being. Patients and families need the most up-to-date information available to improve quality of care and life. This new, second edition of Caring for the Parkinson Patient covers a variety of topics, providing information and helpful suggestions for patients, families, and caregivers to aid them as they grapple with this chronic, debilitating neurological disorder. Sixteen accessible and information-packed essays by noted contributors address diagnosis and treatment, new research, communication, physical/ occupational therapy, nursing care, problems faced by the caregiver, emotional changes, "neurorehab," prevention of falls, sleep problems, surgery, community supports, the family, sexuality, and safe home environments. With a wealth of information, practical advice, and encouragement, Caring for the Parkinson Patient is an indispensable resource guide for all those touched by Parkinson's disease.
 id : 236034 ISBN : 0871231069  | name : Doorways to Discipleship  |  description : Suggests ways in which young people can incorporate their Christian faith into daily life.
 id : 236035 ISBN : 0801865565  | name : Parkinson's Disease  |  description : Three leading authorities in the study of Parkinson's Disease provide this comprehensive book with up-to-date information on symptoms, diagnosis, treatment, and management. 8 line drawings and 12 halftones.
 id : 236037 ISBN : 0972555706  | name : Left for Dead  |  description : LEFT FOR DEAD is the true story of a Pittsburgh man, Joe Bellante, who went from mobster to minister. Book is like a funny Sopranos
 id : 236040 ISBN : 1591161843  | name : One Piece, Vol. 3  |  description : Join Monkey D. Luffy and his swashbuckling crew in their search for the ultimate treasure, One Piece! As a child, Monkey D. Luffy dreamed of becoming King of the Pirates. But his life changed when he accidentally gained the power to stretch like rubber…at the cost of never being able to swim again! Years, later, Luffy sets off in search of the “One Piece,” said to be the greatest treasure in the world... Sure, lots of people say they want to be the King of the Pirates, but how many have the guts to do what it takes? When Monkey D. Luffy first set out to sea in a leaky rowboat, he had no idea what might lie over the horizon. Now he's got a crew--sort of--in the form of swordsman Roronoa Zolo and treasure-hunting thief Nami. If he wants to prove himself on the high seas, Luffy will have to defeat the weird pirate lord Buggy the Clown. He'll have to find a map to the Grand Line, the sea route where the toughest pirates sail. And he'll have to face the Dread Captain Usopp, who claims to be a notorious pirate captain...but frankly, Usopp says a lot of things...
 id : 236042 ISBN : 0764516809  | name : Dr. Mac  |  description : "Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day. Teach a man to fish and he will eat for the rest of his life." -Chinese Proverb "This book teaches you how to fish." -Dr. Mac Macintosh guru Bob "Dr. Mac" LeVitus will help you use your Macintosh better and faster, and will kick-start you on your way to becoming a Power User. Starting with the basics, you'll find tips, hints, tutorials, shortcuts, troubleshooting advice, informative screen shots, timesaving software recommendations, where to do what on the Web, and much more. What is a Power User? According to Dr. Mac's Really Abridged Dictionary, Power User (pou'ar yoo'zer), n. 1. Someone who uses a Macintosh better, faster, or more elegantly than you do. 2. Someone who can answer Macintosh-related questions you can't. This book features hundreds of useful and timesaving tips and hints, and tons of advice - not only from Dr. Mac, but from more than 60 other Mac OS X Power Users. The companion Web site is chock-full of links to the absolute best freeware, shareware, games, demo programs, informative .pdf files, icons, and more - all handpicked by Dr. Mac. Take a look at www.boblevitus.com/xfiles.html for more details. Learn how to: * Diagnose and cure common OS X problems, with a minimum of inconvenience * Find anything and everything your Mac will ever need on the World Wide Web * Impress your friends with your newfound Unix knowledge (and maybe even fix some things too) * Customize your system with more than 100 handpicked programs reviewed throughout the book that make Mac OS X better, more fun, or both Who is this book for? Everyone from beginners to Power Users will benefit from reading this book. Anyone who would like to get more done with Mac OS X in less time and with less effort.
 id : 236043 ISBN : 0310313015  | name : God Speaks to Women Today  |  description : Eugenia's perceptive analysis of the extremely human stories of Bible women can help modern women everywhere to get a stimulating, provocative, satisfying perspective on their own personal lives.
 id : 236044 ISBN : 156592486X  | name : Windows 98 in a Nutshell  |  description : In a concise and clear format, O'Reilly and Mott deliver all the pertinent information that Windows 98 users will need to know. The readers get both the nitty-gritty details and the bigger context as they learn about the Active Desktop, file management, and basic communication features.
 id : 236045 ISBN : 1560430427  | name : Whatever Happened to the Power of God  |  description : Why are the seriously ill seldom healed? Why do people fall in the Spirit yet remain unchanged? Why can believers speak in tongues and wage spiritual warfare without impacting society? This book confronts you with its life-changing answers.
 id : 236046 ISBN : 0673124223  | name : My First Picture Dictionary  |  description : A topically arranged beginner's dictionary in which each word is defined by a picture and an illustrative sentence.
 id : 236047 ISBN : 0830700072  | name : The People who Couldn't be Stopped  |  description : After Jesus' resurrection, a handful of his followers continue his work.
 id : 236051 ISBN : 0801032598  | name : No Easy Road  |  description : 'No Easy Road' inspirational thoughts on prayer has relieved wide acceptance and enthusiastic recommendation from many key Christian leaders.
 id : 236054 ISBN : 0517888130  | name : The Whole Soy Cookbook  |  description : Appetizers, dips, and spreads; Salads and vegetables; Brunch and breads. Pizza and sandwiches; Soups and Stews; Main dishes; Pastas and grains; Desserts.
 id : 236057 ISBN : 088207797X  | name : Life in the Balance  |  description : Christian doctors and theologians discuss crucial issues that affect you and your loved ones: artificial insemination, abortion, homosexuality, infanticide, mind-molding, genetic engineering, euthanasia.
 id : 236058 ISBN : 0802440819  | name : The Incomparable Christ  |  description : Christ was human and Christ was divine . . . . The evidence of each is abundant, and the necessity for both is obvious. Had He not been man, He could not have sympathized with us; had He not been God, He could not have saved us.' -- W. Graham ScroggieFollowing Jesus from pre-existence through earthly life to second advent, J. Oswald Sanders' devotional study spotlights the teachings and events that reveal Christ's dynamic uniqueness.
 id : 236064 ISBN : 0882702459  | name : Anointed for Burial  |  description : Entering Cambodia in the fall of '73, Todd Burke spent the next twenty months there as an evangelist and elder in the Khmer Church, staying until he and his wife DeAnn were forced to evacuate Phnom Penh two weeks before the nation fell to the communist Khmer Rouge.
 id : 236065 ISBN : 0399528482  | name : Hard Won Wisdom  |  description : Through exclusive interviews with luminaries in every arena--from medicine to government, from business to entertainment--"Hard Won Wisdom" shares the insights of 50 women who have succeeded in their chosen fields and in life. Among those interviewed are Cokie Roberts, Jane Goodall, Helen Thomas, Rita Moreno, Ellen Goodman, General Claudia Kennedy, and Pat Shroeder.
 id : 236066 ISBN : 0764516434  | name : Creating Web Pages For Dummies  |  description : The Web is the most sophisticated, most open, and simplest publishing medium ever created, an endless set of criss-crossing interconnections between an ever-growing number of points, and a community in the truest sense of the word. Your Web page can be your platform to say or show whatever you want to the millions of people with access to the global Internet. You can talk about yourself or your business. You can publish a short story or a collection of jokes. You can show pictures of your dog or of your company’s latest product. Your own imagination is the only limit to what you can put on the Web. If you've used the Web before and you're now ready to step out into the big wide online world with your own page, Creating Web Pages For Dummies, 6th Edition, is the place where you can nudge your wishes into reality. Without any previous experience (or painful technical instructions), you can get on track to Tackling just enough HTML to format with the best of 'em Incorporating graphics, sound, and video into your pages Providing links to other sites Putting to good use Web publishing tools that can relieve your workload Designing and delivering pages that people will want to revisit Informative, educational, and just plain fun, Creating Web Pages For Dummies, 6th Edition, covers Web page topics from beginning through intermediate levels, including how to Put together a Web publishing plan Use half a dozen different tools Publish a Web page via Web-based services and the major online services Expand your page to a full Web site Add interactive features and invite feedback Keep your page current and in good working order The revised and updated content in this edition also features the latest on building AOL and GeoCities pages, plus insight into adding the multimedia features that's amaze your visitors. The book includes a CD-ROM that's loaded with a variety of PC and Macintosh programs and demos – all the more for smooth sailing into having your own place on the Web!
 id : 236067 ISBN : 0393309010  | name : Keep It Simple  |  description : A moving tribute to the simple life from the highly acclaimed novelist, nature photographer, and environmental activist. Together the prose and photographs comprise a gentle and passionate call to arms for a better world. Second in a trilogy that began with The Sky's the Limit. Nichols also authored The Sterile Cuckoo, The Milagro Beanfield War, and American Blood. 96 full-color photographs.
 id : 236068 ISBN : 158134077X  | name : Ashamed of the Gospel  |  description : A warning against preaching and teaching a candy-coated gospel that neither offends nor convicts anyone. Challenges the church to return to the roots of the Great Commission.
 id : 236069 ISBN : 0964010909  | name : How to Be the Jerk Women Love  |  description : Enter the mind of a Jerk, and see how he operates! Apply this acquired knowledge to present and future encounters. Discover why love is the most expensive illusion known to most expensive illusion known to man, the 3 most powerful influences of jerks, and how to make yourself a challenge.
 id : 236072 ISBN : 1565072995  | name : Living Water  |  description : Chuck Smith and the Calvary Chapel ministry have touched thousands of people with the message of God's power to change lives through His Holy Spirit. This practical, hands-on layman's guide to the Holy Spirit, by one of the most influential Christian leaders of our time, answers the timeless questions at the heart of people's desire to know the third person of the Trinity.
 id : 236073 ISBN : 0877545693  | name : Simón Bolívar  |  description : A biography of the South American patriot who fought for liberation in five South American countries.
 id : 236074 ISBN : 9500717697  | name : La fuerza bruta  |  description : John Steinbeck, Premio Nobel 1962, plasmo en muchas de sus novelas el mundo de los desheredados que vagaban por la America rural de los anos de la Depresion, en busca de cualquier trabajo que les permitiera sobrevivir.En La fuerza bruta, que ha sido llevada a la pantalla en 1992, Steinbeck narra la relacion entre Lennie y George: Lennie, un debil mental tan primitivo como tierno; George, un picaro habil a ingenioso, que intenta proteger a Lennie de si mismo, aunque a veces se escude en su fuerza para salir de apuros. La amistad entre estos dos seres marginados y su enfrentamiento al convencional y civilizado mundo de los poderosos es producto de un costado humano que sigue hoy tan vigente como cuando se escribio esta novela, hace mas de sesenta anos: la solidaridad.
 id : 236075 ISBN : 0268002843  | name : Towards a Better Understanding of History  |  description : "History," writes Bernard Norling, "is not a series of unconnected episodes, all about equally important or equally useless, each embellished with a chapter title, and all then assembled in a book. It is a seamless garment, each part of which is related to all the others. It should be studied as such: studied with the object of understanding how civilizations change and why; how societies differ in many ways yet usually have to face the same kinds of problems; how innumerable ideas, events, and institutions from the past have made our present world what it is." In this eminently practical book, Professor Norling provides the beginning student of history with a basic orientation towards the subject. He explains why the study of history is worthwhile, discusses the fundamental concepts and methods involved, and shows the student how to start doing historical research. Yet the book is not an abstract treatise, for Professor Norling constantly illustrates what he has to say about history with fascinating and pertinent examples from history. In so doing he truly shows how the events of the past make up that "seamless web" that in time includes us all.
 id : 236076 ISBN : 0684833751  | name : Tumble Home  |  description : A novella on life in a sanatorium featuring a woman who has suffered a nervous breakdown. She tells her story in a letter to a friend. The novella is accompanied by seven stories, one of which is on a children's party, another on living near a cemetery. By the author of At the Gates of the Animal Kingdom.
 id : 236078 ISBN : 0446391786  | name : Eso Ecstasy Program  |  description : Through years of research and clinical work, Doctors Alan and Donna Brauer have developed an amazing technique which will revolutionise readers sex lives, exploring the mental and emotional as well as physical aspects.
 id : 236079 ISBN : 0312155301  | name : The Fix Your Credit Workbook  |  description : Written by an experienced credit consultant to the mortgage industry, "The Fix-Your-Credit Workbook" offers ways to organize cash flow, repair bad credit, and restore access to loans. Charts, to-do lists & form letters.
 id : 236082 ISBN : 0802425933  | name : Failure  |  description : "This book is sorely needed in our over-analyzed, undermotivated, and guilt ridden Christian society. It can be a life changer to anyone tired of the old one step forward and two steps backward routine"......Howard G. Hendricks
 id : 236083 ISBN : 0684856921  | name : The Complete Guide to Sports Nutrition  |  description : Covers training diets, carbohydrate requirements, fluid intake, weight management, body fat and performance, disordered eating and sports supplements.
 id : 236087 ISBN : 0062512110  | name : Street Smarts  |  description : States that most crimes committed against women can be prevented, and offers practical tips on traveling alone, avoiding date rape, using an ATM, owning a weapon, and combatting sexual harassment
 id : 236088 ISBN : 1883013623  | name : Time 100  |  description : In the fall of 1998, to commemorate its 75th anniversary, Time launched its most ambitious, provocative, and controversial project ever! The Time 100 series is a set of three powerful books, to be released over the next two years, naming the most important people of the century. This second volume features Time's picks for the most important builders, titans, scientists and thinkers. Who'll make the list? Don't be left in the dark!
 id : 236089 ISBN : 1558704418  | name : The Crafts Supply Sourcebook  |  description : New edition of a shop-by-mail guide. Brief descriptions and contact information are provided for some 2,000 vendors in 59 categories, among them: bead crafts, ceramics, jewelry making and lapidary, kite making, leather crafts, rug making, spinning and weaving, stenciling, and woodworking. A resources section includes listings of publications, associations, and companies selling supportive materials and aids. Annotation copyrighted by Book News, Inc., Portland, OR
 id : 236090 ISBN : 0810931397  | name : Bizarre Beasts  |  description : Illustrations and text describe some of the strange animals and plants found in nature, including the duck-billed platypus, the matamata turtle, and the baobab tree.
 id : 236091 ISBN : 0517278898  | name : The Complete Encyclopedia of Illustration  |  description : A treasure trove of almost 12,000 detailed engravings, copyright-free and clearly reproducible, The Complete Encyclopedia of Illustration is a marvel of a collection culled from the worlds of science, history, geography, mythology, art, architecture, and more. Fully referenced, this volume is both an inspiration and a practical sourcebook for designers and artists. It also serves as a visual feast for admirers and collectors of old engravings, and stands as a tribute to the mid-nineteenth century artisans who created the original plates on which this book is based.
 id : 236092 ISBN : 1561703850  | name : I Come As a Brother  |  description : 'I Come as a Brother to remind you of the necessity to understand that all of creativeness is equal. The concept on the earth plane and other levels of reality that states there are some creatures with less God in them than others IS AN ILLUSION. You share equality with all the great Beings you have given power to, whether now or in the past, seen or unseen...' - Bartholomew
 id : 236093 ISBN : 1571314091  | name : Outsiders  |  description : Written from beyond the pale by those who don't belong to a majority or dominant group, these poems enter the world of the homeless man on the street, the body of Joan of Arc, the mind of a man who lives between two countries. They sing of loneliness, celebrate the stranger.
 id : 236094 ISBN : 0062503723  | name : Drumming at the Edge of Magic  |  description : Details a ten-year period during which Mickey Hart, drummer for the Grateful Dead, dedicated his life to an intense study of the origins, myths, history, and spiritual heritage of drums and other percussion instruments. Includes photographs of some of the many instruments he discusses and information on other aspects of his life.
 id : 236095 ISBN : 0060147296  | name : The Ginger Tree  |  description : In 1903, a young Scotswoman named Mary Mackenzie sets sail for China to marry her betrothed, a military attachÉ in Peking. But soon after her arrival, Mary falls into an adulterous affair with a young Japanese nobleman, scandalizing the British community. Casting her out of the European community, her compatriots tear her away from her small daughter. A woman abandoned and alone, Mary learns to survive over forty tumultuous years in Asia, including two world wars and the cataclysmic Tokyo earthquake of 1923.
 id : 236096 ISBN : 0027925269  | name : My Brother, My Sister, and I  |  description : Living as refugees in Japan in 1947 while trying to locate their missing father, thirteen-year-old Yoko and her older brother and sister must endure a bad fire, injury, and false charges of arson, theft, and murder.
 id : 236097 ISBN : 0393312941  | name : The Vicar of Sorrows  |  description : In this powerful novel that will confirm his reputation as one of Britain's brightest literary lights, A.N. Wilson recounts the downward spiral of Francis Kreer, a clergyman who has stopped believing in God and whose marriage has begun to come apart at the seams. When his mother dies, Francis is shocked to discover that she had a lover and that he must share his inheritance with this odious man. Then Francis falls in love--painfully, absolutely--with an irresistible but most unsuitable young woman. Wilson traces Francis's descent through various circles of the English establishment and counterculture, a tragi-comic journey that takes the hero to the outer edges of both absurdity and despair.
 id : 236099 ISBN : 0843105747  | name : Shimmeree  |  description : Shimmeree, a lovely crystal horse, and her friends learn that they don't have to be afraid of things just because they are different.
 id : 236100 ISBN : 0671850199  | name : Aquariums  |  description : Traces the history of aquariums, describes the highlights of the major aquariums, and provides a directory of facilities around the world
 id : 236101 ISBN : 0695314556  | name : The Purple Pussycat  |  description : Random House is proud to present the tenth anniversary edition of a book Publishers Weekly called "a gem of a book...a story that goes straight to the heart." When nine-year-old Gregory experiences several upsets in his life, he responds by creating a fantastic chalk garden on the charred walls of a burned-out factory behind his house. As his garden grows and flourishes, Gregory finds a voice through his art and, for the first time, is able to find his own place in the world. The Chalk Box Kid is sure to delight a new generation of children and their parents.
 id : 236102 ISBN : 0919574254  | name : Exploring the Seashore in British Columbia, Washington, and Oregon  |  description : This easy-to-use guidebook, now in its 11th printing, enables anyone, from beginner to expert, to identify 285 shorebirds and intertidal plants and animals. Beautifully illustrated with 94 colour photographs.
 id : 236103 ISBN : 0316988804  | name : Bubbles, bubbles  |  description : As you read the book, repeat the word "bubbles" over and over. Point to the bubbles as you say the word, and emphasize the rhyming words on each page.
 id : 236104 ISBN : 0156444259  | name : In a Pumpkin Shell  |  description : An alphabet book giving a Mother Goose rhyme for each letter, such as Three Blind Mice for the letter "M".
 id : 236105 ISBN : 0836205812  | name : Joanie  |  description : The Doonesbury cartoon character Joanie teaches the girls in her day care center some of the concepts of feminism.
 id : 236106 ISBN : 0879053356  | name : La Bohème  |  description : "Set in the Latin Quarter of 1840s Paris, Henri Murger's La Boheme creates a stark and colorful record of the boisterous, lean, and sensual world of eternal Bohemia. The author, like his character Rudolph, was a dispossessed poet living from hand to mouth while serving his literary apprenticeship in the hustle-and-bustle streets of the artists' quarter. In order to make a little money, Murger created fictional episodes based on his experiences in the heart of Bohemia and sold the first of them in 1847 - for fifteen francs each - to a small literary magazine titled Le Corsaire. From this humble beginning, La Boheme has become an undying tribute to true Bohemians or, as Murger describes them, "those called by art." The episodes first published in Le Corsaire were gathered into a book that sold 70,000 copies. Then in 1849 Theodore Barriere made the story into a play, which became a popular sensation in Paris. And finally Giacomo Puccini transformed Murger's tale into the famous opera, a work that continues to be applauded by audiences throughout the world. La Boheme, is a one-of-a-kind journey to a raw yet romantic place, to a sphere where people hunger for both artistic ideals and morsels of food."--Back cover.
 id : 236108 ISBN : 0590074946  | name : Herman and the Bears Again  |  description : Herman is happily visiting his bear friends in the woods when a scout leader and his troop discover him and insist on rescuing him.
 id : 236111 ISBN : 3882440503  | name : Aquarium Atlas  |  description : Provides information and photographs of six hundred aquarium fish and a hundred aquatic plants.
 id : 236112 ISBN : 0861012070  | name : A Fishkeeper's Guide to Aquarium Plants  |  description : Describes the needs of aquarium plants, discusses lighting, heating, and propagation, and recommends specific plants
 id : 236113 ISBN : 014043769X  | name : The Legend of Sleepy Hollow and Other Stories  |  description : Presents a collection of the author's travel writings, reflections on nineteenth-century English society, and several short stories
 id : 236115 ISBN : 0517618842  | name : Black Beauty  |  description : As part of the wonderful Collector's Library Series, Black Beauty is one of the best is one of the best-loved classics of all time. This attractive volume contains the complete and unabridged story with 12 full color illustrations, plus numerous black & white illustrations throughout. The deluxe edition features a full piece cloth case, a four color illustrated onlay on the front cover, foil stamping on front and spine, stained edges on three sides, printed endpapers with book plate, and a satin ribbon marker. This book should have an honored place in any child's library.
 id : 236117 ISBN : 0890610371  | name : Lord Jim  |  description : Lord Jim tells the story of a young, idealistic Englishman--as unflinching as a hero in a book--who is disgraced by a single act of cowardice while serving as an officer on the Patna, a merchant-ship sailing from an eastern port. His life is ruined: an isolated scandal has assumed horrifying proportions. But, then he is befriended by an older man named Marlow who helps to establish him in exotic Patusan, a remote Malay settlement where his courage is put to the test once more. Lord Jim is a book about courage and cowardice, self-knowledge and personal growth. It is one of the most profound and rewarding psychological novels in English. Set in the context of social change and colonial expansion in late Victorian England, it embodies in Jim the values and turmoil of a fading empire. This new edition uses the first English edition text and includes a new introduction and notes by leading Conrad scholar Jacques Berthoud, glossaries, and an appendix on Conrad's sources and reading.
 id : 236120 ISBN : 0816700273  | name : Cement Tent  |  description : Four young boys find a way to keep their tent from blowing away in the wind.
 id : 236121 ISBN : 0862419425  | name : Silence in October  |  description : After eighteen years of marriage, an art historian wakes up one morning to find his wife standing in the bedroom doorway with her bags packed, leaving him with no explanation. Alone in his Copenhagen apartment, he tries to make sense of his enigmatic marriage and life. Memories of driving a cab, quiet walks in the snow, and intense sojourns in Paris and New York pass through his mind in fleeting images. The more he thinks of his wife, however, the more mysterious she becomes to him. Slowly he realizes that two people can live together for years without ever really knowing each other, and that the most important encounters in one's life are dictated by chance, not design. Exploring with great subtlety the secret, unpredictable connections between men and women, "Silence in October" is a psychological novel of immense acuity and masterful storytelling.
 id : 236122 ISBN : 0898702976  | name : Everything You Ever Wanted to Know about Heaven  |  description : "Standing on the shoulders of C.S. Lewis", Kreeft provides a look at the nature of heaven. A refreshingly clear, theologically sound glimpse of the "undiscovered country". Kreeft speaks to the heart and the mind for an unexcelled look at one of the most popular, yet least understood, subjects in religion.
 id : 236123 ISBN : 1853261742  | name : Nostromo  |  description : Nostromo is the only man capable of the decisive action needed to save the silver of the San Tome mine and secure independence for Sulaco. Is his integrity as unassailable as everyone believes, or will his ideals, like those which have inspired the struggling state itself, buckle under economic and political pressures?
 id : 236125 ISBN : 0020259204  | name : A Scientist at the Seashore  |  description : The author takes the elements of the seashore environment as his text as he explains such phenomena as waves, tides, and the formation of the planets
 id : 236127 ISBN : 0736907726  | name : A Cup of Hope  |  description : Now available for the first time in paperback, "A Cup of Hope" is a special book rich in the life experiences, prayers, and deepest thoughts of a woman who takes each day in step with her God. Connecting woman to woman with humility, grace and wisdom, Barnes writes about the health challenges she recently has faced and God's unfailing peace and loving presence in the midst of the darkest years of her life. (July)
 id : 236129 ISBN : 0060809019  | name : Fly in the Cobweb  |  description : When Dan Mallett's mother requires a costly hip operation, the wily poacher sets out to separate a wealthy new neighbor, Harold Dartie, from his money and accidently stumbles on dangerous secrets from Dartie's past
 id : 236130 ISBN : 0671749919  | name : A Wolf in Death's Clothing  |  description : Dr. Lauren Maxwell, investigator for the Wild America Society, arrives in a tiny Yukon village to investigate the near-fatal shooting of her friend Belle. She is soon caught up in a dangerous struggle between corporate interests and preservationists.
 id : 236131 ISBN : 0440222931  | name : See No Evil  |  description : Introduces the hapless Leo Gold, a reluctant sleuth who tries to revive his flagging relationship with his girlfriend Lizzie by taking her on a romantic trip to Egypt, where she promptly disappears at the hands of a deadly conspiracy. Original.
 id : 236132 ISBN : 188343307X  | name : The Digital Classroom  |  description : Educators and technology experts share their thoughts on classroom technology and how equity, the digital divide, and other issues need to be addressed to ensure students and teachers are realizing the full potential of different technologies.
 id : 236133 ISBN : 0761977120  | name : Windows on the Future  |  description : Foreword by David D. Thornburg Windows on the Future was designed to help the educator cope with changes created by technology and embrace a new mind-set necessary to access burgeoning technological advances. was designed to help the educator cope with changes created by technology and embrace a new mind-set necessary to access burgeoning technological advances.
 id : 236135 ISBN : 0553152084  | name : Sunken Treasure  |  description : The reader is asked to make choices which will determine the outcome of a search for sunken treasure.
 id : 236136 ISBN : 0671527657  | name : Lamb to the Slaughter  |  description : When an esteemed Russian botanist is murdered, Wild American Society investigator Lauren Maxwell is shocked when her own gun turns up at the crime scene, and she must outmaneuver an assassin while trying to prove her innocence. Original.
 id : 236137 ISBN : 0671527703  | name : Killer Whale  |  description : Anchorage-based investigator for the Wild America Society Lauren Maxwell arrives on Alaska's Prince of Wales Island to prevent the capture of wild orcas. But when her friend is murdered she must turn her attention from killer whales to a deadly mystery.
 id : 236138 ISBN : 0486288102  | name : Fun with Paper Folding and Origami  |  description : Easy-to-follow instructions for over 40 different pieces: sailboat, rooster, battleship, pagoda, bird, frog, airplane, cradle, Japanese lantern, and many more. Crystal-clear text and more than 275 diagrams showing each stage in the paper folding process. Specially written to anticipate beginners' difficulties. 279 diagrams.
 id : 236140 ISBN : 0374525889  | name : April Galleons  |  description : Poems consider the imagination, weather, the seasons, memories of school, and the condition of the world
 id : 236143 ISBN : 0816157634  | name : Years  |  description : At eighteen, Corinne Bishop was a beautiful, spirited young woman living a life of privilege as the adopted daughter of a wealthy family. Her world changed in an instant when she was stolen away and held prisoner by the malevolent vampire Dragos. After many years of captivity and torment, Corinne is rescued by the Order, a cadre of vampire warriors embroiled in a war against Dragos and his followers. Her innocence taken, Corinne has lost a piece of her heart as well--the one thing that gave her hope during her imprisonment, and the only thing that matters to her now that she is free. Assigned to safeguard Corinne on her trip home is a formidable golden-eyed Breed male called Hunter. Once Dragos's most deadly assassin, Hunter now works for the Order, and he's hell-bent on making Dragos pay for his manifold sins. Bonded to Corinne by their mutual desire, Hunter will have to decide how far he'll go to end Dragos's reign of evil--even if carrying out his mission means shattering Corinne's tender heart.
 id : 236144 ISBN : 0789401428  | name : The Classic Mediterranean Cookbook  |  description : Celebrate the cuisine of the Mediterranean, featuring delicacies from Egypt, Greece, Morocco, Spain, Italy, Lebanon, Tunisia, and Turkey. Woodward demonstrates key preparation techniques for more than 130 tempting recipes in 230 step-by-step, full-color photographs.
 id : 236145 ISBN : 0802423396  | name : The Everlasting Flame  |  description : Courage, conviction, adventure, and romance fill every page of this exciting historical novel. Set in the early days of the Protestant Reformation, this powerful book portrays two people in love with each other and with the Word of God.
 id : 236148 ISBN : 0060929928  | name : The 2000 Year Old Man in the Year 2000  |  description : In a millennial update of the comedy classic, the legendary team of Mel Brooks and Carl Reiner revive the 2000-Year-Old Man, who is raring to give his take on the issues of our time.
 id : 236149 ISBN : 091651501X  | name : Lovers and Fugitives  |  description : Saskia, a young artist, Helga, her mother and a widow, and David, a troubled survivor, try to escape Nazi-occupied Europe and reach the safety of Switzerland
 id : 236151 ISBN : 1591291852  | name : Who Needs a Hero  |  description : An inter-galactic pilot discovers a derelict ship with a store of illegal weapns on board.
 id : 236152 ISBN : 1588513262  | name : The Throne of Tamar  |  description : The Throne of Tamar presents raw, hardcore issues many of us are afraid to deal with. It gives new meaning to the terms 'personal problems' and 'unthinkable tragedies'. The characters will teach you that any obstacle can be overcome with courage, faith and wise counsel heeded at the proper time. This book will take the reader into a world where a few powerful rulers and aristocrats are confronted with a series of terrible situations.
 id : 236153 ISBN : 0525936378  | name : A Dangerous Liaison  |  description : The wife of a Belgian baron recalls her abusive marriage, discussing her husband's obsession with making his wife's body an ideal one and his dark secrets--including insanity, incest, and sexual perversion. 25,000 first printing. National ad/promo. Tour.
 id : 236154 ISBN : 1591050359  | name : Jur  |  description : A young French girl disappears in the jungles of Africa in the early 1930s. A young American adventurer hears about the missing girl and goes in search of her, only to follow her through a time portal, where they end up in the Jurassic period of Earth's prehistory. Here they discover adventure and danger as they search for the Ancient Ones, who had built the time portals, encountering dinosaurs and other creatures that should not have existed in the Jurassic period. They learn that the Ancient Ones were stocking this prehistoric time with animals from throughout the ages. But the old race is nowhere to be found, so the young couple must search on their own, and soon fall in love.
 id : 236155 ISBN : 0380720388  | name : Taking Back My Life  |  description : The author recounts the harrowing story of her abduction and rape, the subsequent trial, the decision to identify herself publicly by name, and how she became an advocate for thousands of other rape victims. Reprint.
 id : 236156 ISBN : 1588514455  | name : The Grass Dance  |  description : Whether you believe this book is myth, dream, or icon, it speaks of life's simple truths. Falling in love. Facing death. The loyalty of friends. Losing sight of what's important for awhile. Struggles are a part of life, as well as love and hope. The story holds a message for dreamers and cynics, believers and sceptics, and those who fall somewhere between. It is a personal chronicle of love, loss, family, friends, and the living circle that connects us all to our Creator and each other.
 id : 236157 ISBN : 0440402859  | name : Old Turtle's Soccer Team  |  description : Under Old Turtle's guidance, the animals learn how to play soccer and the meaning of good sportsmanship.
 id : 236160 ISBN : 0967578841  | name : Get Out of the Way!  |  description : This book takes a revolutionary look at the road and the alcoholic headed your way. Thorburn makes a compelling case that most poor behaviors on the road result from alcoholism. He shows how identifying these drivers earlier can help prevent innumerable tragedies, both on the road and off.
 id : 236161 ISBN : 8408046969  | name : Lucía Bosé  |  description : La biografía de una de las grandes actrices del cine europeo. Tras ganar el concurso de Miss Italia en 1947, Lucía Bosé trabajó con directores como de Santis o Antonioni. Cuando se movía en los círculos de la intelectualidad italiana, conoció al famoso torero Luis Miguel Dominguín, se casó con él y se trasladó a España. Sufrió el shock cultural de pasar de una Italia progresista a una España sumida en la dictadura de Franco, en cuyo círculo de poder se movía habitualmente debido a las amistades de su esposo. En este libro nos explica también los pormenores de ese matrimonio turbulento, que acabó destruido por las constantes infidelidades de Luis Miguel Dominguín, y nos cuenta como los sobresaltos de ese matrimonio afectaron a sus hijos, entre ellos Miguel Bosé.
 id : 236162 ISBN : 0312852193  | name : Playgrounds of the Mind  |  description : Presents a collection of stories from the second half of Niven's writing career, many previously unpublished in book form, plus a wealth of gossip and anecdotes
 id : 236163 ISBN : 0595101585  | name : Over the Hill Without a Paddle  |  description : In this wonderful collection of short, funny pieces, Richard Cutler covers the gamut from nostalgia to conjecture on such topics as clowns, cholesterol and calling in sick to the supervisory voice mail. Along the way he sharpens his wit on exercise, politicians, road rage, souvenir shopping while traveling light and women's attraction to hand-held power tools. He reports on place and people names, profanity-free TV, holiday traditions, guy things and old fashioned etiquette. And he offers his experiences with gene pool backup, old wives' tales, women's fashions (and the storage thereof), following RV's and flying steerage class. The careful reader will discover such incidental insights as his theory of why Eskimos gave up kissing for rubbing noses and what the young Marquis de Sade's nanny said that may have suggested all those weird ideas. But the casual reader will learn something too. And not just that the author has entirely too much time on his hands. Interspersed among these views of the passing scene are subtle indications that--paddles or not--we may all of us be headed up the creek. So to speak.
 id : 236164 ISBN : 0374172846  | name : The Hottentot Room  |  description : Caleb Looper, a reporter exiled from South Africa, begins an affair with Biddy Hogan, a member of an African liberation group, while secretly engaged to Rose, daughter of the owner of the Hottentot Club
 id : 236165 ISBN : 067252001X  | name : The Reincarnation of Peter Proud  |  description : Peter Proud, a California professor, suffers from a recurring nightmare about being murdered on a lake by a mysterious woman, and, discovering that the town where the murder occurs is real, feels compelled to travel there to find the woman.
 id : 236169 ISBN : 0399528539  | name : What Your Mother Never Told You About Sex  |  description : In her ob-gyn practice, Dr. Hilda Hutcherson has seen women of all ages who have questions about sex. Now, in this down-to-earth book, she answers those questions and more as she addresses every sexual matter that has an impact on the lives of women. Combining up-to-date medical science with good old-fashioned girl talk, Dr. Hutcherson discusses sex in a lively tone that’s as educational as it is engaging. With facts on female (and male) anatomy, aphrodisiacs, fantasy, orgasm, birth control, and more, she shows how to overcome sexual problems — and achieve sensational sensual experiences. Your mother may not have known what to tell you about sex, but Dr. Hutcherson will give you a real, honest education on sex and sexuality. And with a special chapter on talking to your daughter, you can pass your wisdom on to the next generation.
 id : 236172 ISBN : 0060393343  | name : How to Manage Your Mother  |  description : Features the stories of celebrities to present a practical ten-step plan to help steer mother-child relationships back in the right direction
 id : 236173 ISBN : 0688006485  | name : Pathfinders  |  description : Suggests how to overcome the crises of adult life and achieve an inner sense of well-being.
 id : 236174 ISBN : 0553232509  | name : Narcissus and Goldmund  |  description : Hesse's novel of two medieval men, one quietly content with his religion and monastic life, the other in fervent search of more worldly salvation. This conflict between flesh and spirit, between emotional and contemplative man, was a life study for Hesse. It is a theme that transcends all time. The Hesse Phenomenon "has turned into a vogue, the vogue into a torrent. . .He has appealed both to. . . an underground and to an establishment. . .and to the disenchanted young sharing his contempt for our industrial civilization."--"The New York Times Book Review"
 id : 236175 ISBN : 0029283752  | name : The Inarticulate Society  |  description : In The Inarticulate Society, Thomas Shachtman persuasively argues that Americans have lost the ability to respond to other points of view - to argue - without coming swiftly to blows. His case is forcefully punctuated by the rising tide of political violence in America and the hateful and intolerant speech that appears to incite it. We are in danger of moving our political debates from the Senate chamber to the streets, in the process of losing the social stability needed for a working democracy. Shachtman pins the blame for this decline on the jargon-spouting "specialists" in the professions and academia, who use parochial vocabulary to erect linguistic barriers between themselves and "ordinary" citizens; on teachers who are barely articulate themselves; on the pervasiveness of popular entertainment geared to the lowest common denominator; on insipid advertising and marketing campaigns that deliberately bypass reason to appeal to emotions; and especially on our political leaders who find it easier to play the demagogue than to give substantive explanations of policy choices. Shachtman proposes a concrete, multifaceted program for rehabilitating eloquence through the constructive use of media together with political and educational reform.
 id : 236178 ISBN : 0340655720  | name : Owl Light  |  description : Hal and Ellie are not sure at their family's move to the country. Hal fears the common, a wild and forbidden place, while Ellie wants to be a werewolf and disappears at night. Can they save the badgers from destruction and work out how the Stittles, their
 id : 236179 ISBN : 0684842343  | name : Luxury Fever  |  description : Why, against all good reason, do we continue to accelerate our spending to the limits of our bank accounts? As the Western nations struggle, with personal bankruptcy at an all time high, the chase after the 'biggest and latest' continues to escalate. In this thought-provoking analysis of the economics of personal decisions, Robert Frank chronicles the new boom of conspicuous consumption and exposes the hidden prices we pay for ever more elaborate houses, cars and lifestyles. In LUXURY FEVER, Frank argues that our current profligacy is not because we are foolish, undisciplined, greedy, or manipulated. Rather, how we feel about our material goods is entirely dependant on everyone else's spending. By acting together, we can choose to invest more in the sleep, exercise, family time, and less conspicuous consumption that makes life worthwhile.
 id : 236180 ISBN : 0273659294  | name : The Beermat Entrepreneur  |  description : A down-to-earth, easy-to-read guide to converting a good idea into a large and profitable business, by somebody who's been there and done it.
 id : 236182 ISBN : 0738206083  | name : Smart Mobs  |  description : Shibuya epiphany - Technologies of cooperation - Computation nations and swarm supercomputers - The era of sentient things - The evolution of reputation - Wireless quilts - Smart mobs : the power of the mobile many - Always-on panopticon ... or cooperation amplifier?
 id : 236184 ISBN : 0316107174  | name : Licit and Illicit Drugs  |  description : A variety of drugs are introduced with information on their specific properties and their social implications.
 id : 236186 ISBN : 0451523830  | name : Twenty Years at Hull-house  |  description : Adams, awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for her philanthropic work, tells of her famed settlement house in Chicago's West Side slums at the turn of the century in this Signet classic. This new edition features an Afterward by Manhattan Borough President Ruth Messinger, who examines the current state of settlement houses in America.
 id : 236188 ISBN : 0304350559  | name : Last Stand!  |  description : What do soldiers do when all is lost? They keep fighting! In this best-selling anthology, Bryan Perrett provides gripping accounts of close-quarter battles and hard fought victory against all the odds. His journey from Napoleonic Europe through to the Korean War highlights thirteen episodes of incredible bravery and sacrifice in unbelievable actions. The book begins with the gallant fight of Napoleon's Old Guard at Waterloo. It examines the famous actions at the Alamo; against the Zulus at Rorke's Drift; and 'the Bridge Too Far' at Arnhem. The adventure concludes with the desperate last stand of the Gloucesters at Imjin during the Korean War. Last Stand! is the breathtaking story of ultimate sacrifice and glorious victory.
 id : 236189 ISBN : 0811810461  | name : Strange Ritual  |  description : In poems, lyrics, commentaries, and photographs, the innovative rock musician captures the incongruities of life--and the strange juxtaposition of the modern and the traditional--in Japan, India, Mexico, Indonesia, and the U.S.
 id : 236190 ISBN : 0906224098  | name : The Revolutionary Ideas of Karl Marx  |  description : Few thinkers have been declared irrelevant and out of date with such frequency as Karl Marx. Hardly a decade since his death has gone by in which establishment critics have not announced the death of his theory. Whole forests have been felled to produce the paper necessary to fuel this effort to marginalize the coauthor of The Communist Manifesto. And yet, despite their best efforts to bury him again and again, Marx's specter continues to haunt his detractors more than a century after his passing. As another international economic collapse pushes ever growing numbers out of work, and a renewed wave of popular revolt sweeps across the globe, a new generation is learning to ignore all the taboos and scorn piled upon Marx's ideas and rediscovering that the problems he addressed in his time are remarkably similar to those of our own. In this engaging and accessible introduction, Alex Callinicos demonstrates that Marx's ideas hold an enduring relevance for today's activists fighting against poverty, inequality, oppression, environmental destruction, and the numerous other injustices of the capitalist system.
 id : 236191 ISBN : 0830718966  | name : What the Bible is All about  |  description : "The purpose of this book is to familiarize the reader with the Bible through a general overview. This book contains 52 chapters, spanning from Genesis to Revelation. These chapters can be studied one chapter a week for the year, At the beginning of each chapter is listed a Selected Bible Reading section, suggestion a Scripture reading for each day of hte week related to the chapter" (from Preface).
 id : 236192 ISBN : 0380728397  | name : Don't Know Much About the Bible  |  description : With wit, wisdom, and an extraordinary talent for turning dry, difficult reading into colorful and realistic accounts, the creator of the bestselling Don't Know Much About®, series now brings the world of the Old and New testaments to life as no one else can in the bestseller Don't Know Much About® The Bible. Relying on new research and improved translations, Davis uncovers some amazing questions and contradictions about what the Bible really says. Jericho's walls may have tumbled down because the city lies on a fault line. Moses never parted the Red Sea. There was a Jesus, but he wasn't born on Christmas and he probably wasn't an only child. Davis brings readers up-to-date on findings gleaned from the Dead Sea Scrolls and Gnostic Gospels that prompt serious scholars to ask such serious questions as: Who wrote the Bible? Did Jesus say everything we were taught he did? Did he say more? By examining the Bible historically, Davis entertains and amazes, provides a much better understanding of the subject, and offers much more fun learning about it.
 id : 236193 ISBN : 185375210X  | name : Sex Lives of the Great Dictators  |  description : Examines the bedroom antics of the some of the most powerful men in history. The book ranges from Hitler and the lethal effects he had on his lovers, to the rapacity of Mussolini and Mao Tse Tung, who believed that bathing with young girls would keep him young.
 id : 236196 ISBN : 1559703768  | name : Of Wee Sweetie Mice and Men  |  description : Irish journalist Dan Starkey takes part in an assault on a Muslim temple in New York in this lighthearted caper. The attack follows the abduction by black nationalists of the wife of an Irish boxer who made racist remarks about his opponent before a fight. By the author of Divorcing Jack.
 id : 236198 ISBN : 1564143295  | name : Great Little Book on Mastering Your Time  |  description : Managing time is an age-old concern that affects those who have too much to do and not enough time--everyone! Brian Tracy's "Great Little Book on Mastering Your Time" gives practical, stimulating guidance on how to become an expert at time management.
 id : 236202 ISBN : 0385488688  | name : Lightning on the Sun  |  description : From the highly acclaimed author of Pure Slaughter Value comes this latter-day literary noir about an ex-pat in Cambodia eager to get home but taking all the wrong turns. Asher went to Cambodia to get away from Julie, his Harvard grad ex-girlfriend currently tending bar in a topless joint in New York. But when his UNESCO work cleaning bat dung from Khmer statues is finished, and he decides on a dicey heroin scheme as his means to get home with plenty of money to spare, it's Julie whose help he solicits. She agrees, but plans go dangerously awry frighteningly fast. A pulsating plot and precise literary prose make Lightning on the Sun a startlingly compelling and strangely poetic tale.
 id : 236203 ISBN : 0415064503  | name : Power Without Responsibility  |  description : And politics of the media in Great Britain.
 id : 236204 ISBN : 0140219188  | name : Europe Since 1870  |  description : Emerging power of Germany - Defeat after the end of the Second World War - Social and intellectual background to the political events.
 id : 236205 ISBN : 0140042555  | name : The Complete Short Stories  |  description : In the judgment of many, Lawrence's expansive genius found its happiest expression within disciplined limits, for in his short stories and short novels his powers are never weakened by the repetitions which mar some of his longer works. As a short-story writing, Lawrence at his best was unexcelled.
 id : 236206 ISBN : 0930100638  | name : Ringing in the Wilderness  |  description : This wide-ranging collection from its pages - essays, articles, stories, poetry, and artwork - constitutes a compelling social history, from post-1960s protest about Vietnam, through the quest for personal liberation via drugs and sex, to the hope for collective and rural solutions to society's urban-based ills.
 id : 236207 ISBN : 1853753637  | name : How Steeple Sinderby Wanderers Won the FA Cup  |  description : This classic humour novel chronicles the momentous journey of Steeple Sinderby (an unremarkable Fenland village) from the mire of obscurity to national heroics. This unbelievable feat is contrived by the serendipitous meeting of three great men: Mr Fangfoss (who cares nothing for football), Dr Kossuth - a Hungarian academic and headmaster of the village school, and the Wanderers captain Alex Slingsby, a mighty warrior biding his time in quiet Sinderby for the chance to rise once more.
 id : 236209 ISBN : 0151443661  | name : Incest  |  description : The author's diary includes details of her relationships with Henry Miller and his wife, June, Antonin Artaud, Rene Allendy, Otto Rank, and her father.
 id : 236210 ISBN : 0517268094  | name : Dictionary of Quotations  |  description : An extensive compilation of quotations primarily from Western literature arranged under general topic headings with topical, and author indexes.
 id : 236213 ISBN : 0740718525  | name : Butt-Naked Baby Blues  |  description : Collects comic strips portraying the joys and trials of Wanda and Darryl as they raise their two children, Zoe and Hammie.
 id : 236214 ISBN : 0436377586  | name : Ramage and the Dido  |  description : Ramage is ordered to commission and take command of the Dido. A massive 74-gun ship of the line, it can destroy a frigate in a single broadside. Ramage and his courageous crew from the Calypso are bound for the Caribbean, where they must use Dido's weapons to their fullest--or die trying!
 id : 236215 ISBN : 0740723235  | name : Baby Blues  |  description : For more than a decade, parents have fallen head-over-heels for the sidesplitting humor "Baby Blues" never fails to dish out. This collection revisits the never-ending mayhem concerning toys and vegetable consumption, and the roller coaster ride of refereeing preschool sibling rivalry. B&W illustrations.
 id : 236217 ISBN : 0446370142  | name : Parents and Kids Together  |  description : Shows busy parents how everyday activities can be transformed into fun and rewarding growth experiences that teach children basic skills and strengthen the parent-child bond
 id : 236219 ISBN : 0871066467  | name : Recommended Family Inns of America  |  description : Provides information and lists addressses and telephone numbers
 id : 236222 ISBN : 1854109162  | name : Cassino  |  description : The struggle to capture Monte Cassino, the impregnable heights barring the Allied advance on Rome in 1944, was the longest land battle fought in Western Europe in World War II and among the most costly. In four separate assaults over the course of the grim six-month epic, over 105,000 men from the Allied armies and at least 80,000 Germans became casualties and, between the attacks, the armies of both sides endured conditions of appalling privation. In John Ellis' classic account of the battle, few of the Allied commanders, except for the Free French General Juin, emerge with credit. But the author has nothing but admiration and compassion for the courage and endurance of the common soldiers whose experiences he vividly recreates in the pages of this narrative.
 id : 236224 ISBN : 0380403110  | name : Maria Looney and the Cosmic Circus  |  description : The arrival of Bill Bailey's circus on the moon means trouble for Maria Looney, especially when it becomes apparent that someone is trying to steal the top-secret designs of the Moon's L-Bomb.
 id : 236228 ISBN : 0671793918  | name : Death Row Women  |  description : Provides chilling profiles of some of America's most deadly female killers, including Debra Jean Milke, Maria Isa, Deidre Hunt, Faye Copeland, and Blanche Taylor Moore. Original.
 id : 236229 ISBN : 087135277X  | name : Wolverine  |  description : The most popular member of the X-Men goes solo when Wolverine travels to Japan, testing his honor and risking his life for the only woman he has ever loved.
 id : 236230 ISBN : 0060167718  | name : Journals Mid-fifties, 1954-1958  |  description : In these most personal of pages we follow Allen Ginsberg from heady times of the San Francisco Poetry Renaissance and sojourns in the Arctic and Mexico, through his 1957 visit to Burroughs in Morocco, and adventures in Paris, Amsterdam, London, and New York. These journals offer an account of Ginsberg's emotional life: his homosexuality; his love affair with Peter Orlovsky; and the death of his mother.
 id : 236231 ISBN : 0460117513  | name : Two Treatises of Government  |  description : Published in 1690, Locke's works were immensely influential in the politics of the eighteenth and nineteenth century, and provided the foundation for liberal democracy.
 id : 236234 ISBN : 0345343301  | name : The Save-Your-Life-Diet  |  description : Explains that heart attacks, major forms of cancer, and other illnesses can be prevented through high-roughage diets, and supplies normal and reducing diet plans, recipes, and menu suggestions
 id : 236235 ISBN : 0140180346  | name : The Rescue  |  description : Sailing towards one of the islands of the Eastern Archipelago where his friend Hassim awaits help to regain his kingdom, Captain Tom Lingard is called to rescue an English yacht stranded on a sandbank. On board is beautiful Mrs. Travers, a woman from a wholly different world, but with a spirited independence that matches Lingard's own. In this story of love and choice, Lingard emerges alongside Willems and Mister Kurtz as one of Conrad's finest creations.
 id : 236236 ISBN : 0426205111  | name : Beyond the Sun  |  description : Bernice Summerfield's no-good ex-husband claims to be in deadly danger. Unfortunately, Benny does not believe him until he is kidnapped. Feeling guilty she sets off to rescue him. Her only clue is a dusty artifact that Jason claimed was part of an ancient weapon, rumored to have powers beyond the sun.
 id : 236238 ISBN : 0426205138  | name : Deadfall  |  description : YA. Sci Fi pulp fiction. Seeking the legendary planet Ardethe, Jason instead unearths something lurking beneath the planet's surface-something that feasts on human brains.
 id : 236239 ISBN : 0091112907  | name : Sloop of War  |  description : "April 1778, English Harbour, Antigua. s the French enter the American War of Independence in earnest, young Richard Bolitho is given his first command: Sparrow -a fast, well-armed fighting sloop. t last he has the chance to prove his abilities as a junior captain. ut he faces other challenges too, threats as real and deadly as the enemy itself.
 id : 236240 ISBN : 155071063X  | name : Encounter  |  description : "It is impossible to think about the present or the future of universities without taking into account the fact that universities live in a world dominated by mass media." - U Eco. Eco wrote this short essay when he was awarded an Honorary Doctorate in letters by Laurentian University (Canada). The essay appears in English, French, and Italian.
 id : 236241 ISBN : 1854315358  | name : Learning Legal Rules  |  description : "Learning Legal Rules brings together the theory, structure, and practice of legal reasoning in a readily accessible style. The book explains how to find and make use of legal materials, and offers an overview of the techniques of legal analysis and argument, and the operation of precedent and statutory interpretation. The authors also examine the permeating influence of EC Law and the legal method employed by Continental legal systems." "This fifth edition has been extensively rewritten and reorganized, with a new, clearer layout, to ensure that it continues to fit the needs of law students. It contains more guidance on interpreting statutes, an extended introductory chapter entitled 'What is Law?', and new material on the Human Rights Act."--BOOK JACKET.
 id : 236245 ISBN : 2130431526  | name : Durkheim  |  description : Après une brève synthèse sur la vie de Durkheim, l'ouvrage trace l'évolution de la pensée et de l'oeuvre du sociologue dans diverses disciplines : sociologie, suicide, division du travail, éducation, économie, morale, philosophie, religion.
 id : 236247 ISBN : 1853754609  | name : Funny Peculiar  |  description : Did you know that if John Wayne was playing poker and a card was turned face up by accident, he made the person responsible stand up and circle the table three times? That Catherine the Great was so terrified of people finding out she had dandruff that she imprisoned her hairdresser in an iron cage? That Thomas Jefferson, third president of the United States, invented the coathanger? That Elizabeth I passed a law taxing men with beards? That Arthur Conan Doyle believed he would be resurrected 10 days after his death at the Albert Hall and 10,000 people turn up to witness the event.
 id : 236248 ISBN : 0099526301  | name : A Warning to the Curious  |  description : Ghost stories chosen by well known crime writer.___
 id : 236249 ISBN : 1861591209  | name : Infinite Riches  |  description : Azaro is a spirit child. He made a pact with his spirit companions that when he was born he would die at the first oppurtunity, but after his birth, he broke the pact and continued to live. His spirit companions threatend to send seven spirits to reclaim him. So far, five have tried and failed, but the remaining two are the most dangerous of all. This continuation of the story of Azaro is rich with allegorical vision, and interwoven with the politics of Nigeria.
 id : 236250 ISBN : 0671897179  | name : A Wild, Cold State  |  description : A collection of short stories set in rural Wisconsin and about women seeking love in a land of cold winds and irresponsible men
 id : 236252 ISBN : 0761128093  | name : Rambam's Ladder  |  description : Describes the eight-step program of giving by the twelfth-century Jewish scholar, Ramdam, and how it applies to contemporary life.
 id : 236253 ISBN : 0304356972  | name : The White Rabbit  |  description : The bestselling story of one of the most important and influential SOE agents in the last war. A truly harrowing tale the true extent of what the Gestapo and the SS were capable of. Equally famous as a film
 id : 236254 ISBN : 0684851288  | name : Resurrection  |  description : A half-dead man crashes his car at the Iraqi border. He is found to have suffered a rare reaction to the smallpox vaccine. But why are the Iraqi's innoculating their population against a disease which has been wiped out for twenty years? Soon after this, a young Iraqi student at the Institute of Molecular Science in Edinburgh kills himself for no apparent reason. At first there seems to be no connection. But then medical investigator Adam Dewar stumbles on the horrific possibility that the Iraqis could have asked the student to reconstruct the virus from the fragments he had been working on. And then smallpox breaks out on the Muirhouse Estate. The priority is to contain the virus, but with riots breaking out on the estate, and the death toll rising, Dewar is in a race against time to discover the source of the disease and prevent it falling into the hands of a hostile nation. A nation which would be only too willing to hold the world to ransom...
 id : 236255 ISBN : 0002210436  | name : Agent in Place  |  description : Chuck Kelso is an idealist. When he steals a top-secret NATO memorandum, he only intends to leak it to the press; but it is soon in the hands of a Russian agent, a man who has spent nine years quietly working himself into the fabric of Washington society. Within hours it has reached the KGB, and the CIA's top man in Moscow has had his cover blown. For British agent Tony Lawton, hunting down the Russian operative - the 'agent in place' - is a welcome challenge. But for Chuck's brother, the journalist Tom Kelso, and his beautiful wife, Thea, the affair has unleashed a very special terror. Now the race is on to find the Russian spy before a top-level NATO conference. But why is the escaped agent behaving so strangely? Is he who he seems?
 id : 236256 ISBN : 0393301575  | name : Army Life in a Black Regiment  |  description : Contains primary source material.
 id : 236257 ISBN : 0727854119  | name : The Mary Celeste  |  description : On 5th December 1872, Captain David Reed Morehouse sighted the Mary Celeste, an American half-brig carrying 1,700 barrels of commercial alcohol, apparently calling for help. The fluttering he took to be a distress signal was a ripped, tattered sail; the wheel was unmanned; the master, Captain Briggs, his wife, their two-year-old daughter and the entire crew had disappeared. Frederick Solly Flood, Attorney General of Gibraltar, can see only one possible cause -- mutiny and murder. In a tense courtroom, he is determined to prove a dreadful crime has been committed; turning a civil inquiry into a criminal prosecution and allowing stains on the deck -- which he knows to be rust -- to be passed off as blood. Two compelling narratives are interwoven: as Flood forces the evidence and badgers the witnesses, the voyage itself is brought vividly back to life. But there remains one simple, known fact. Its repercussions have been overlooked by history, but they at last point to the true fate of those aboard the Mary Celeste....
 id : 236261 ISBN : 1559720913  | name : Dying to Get Married  |  description : Details the true story of the brutal murder of Julia Miller Bulloch by her husband of ten weeks, who was put on trial for the crime and convicted only of involuntary manslaughter
 id : 236262 ISBN : 1568332254  | name : Terrible Beauty  |  description : No descriptive material is available for this title.
 id : 236263 ISBN : 0425198731  | name : Blow Fly  |  description : Leaving Virginia in search of peace and quiet, Dr. Kay Scarpetta journeys to Florida, where a series of baffling murders entangles her in an international conspiracy that confronts her with the most unexpected circumstance of her life. Reprint.
 id : 236265 ISBN : 0687105137  | name : Devotions for Any Occasion  |  description : A collection of devotions for any occasion with hymn suggestions and scripture quotations.
 id : 236268 ISBN : 037541181x  | name : A Venetian Affair  |  description : The author describes the discovery of letters written by his eighteenth-century ancestor, Venetian statesman Andrea Memmo, revealing a secret affair between Memmo and Giustiniana Wynne, a beautiful half-English girl.
 id : 236269 ISBN : 055310666x  | name : False Memory  |  description : A woman and her husband scour the past for clues after she is gripped by an inexplicable fear of her own image.
 id : 236270 ISBN : 1589230795  | name : Garden Patterns & Mosaics  |  description : A comprehensive do-it-yourself guide to the use of pattern and mosaic in the garden, this book includes more than 20 stylish projects that make use of a variety of materials, from traditional polished stone to broken glass. 220 photos & illustrations.
 id : 236272 ISBN : 0071388583  | name : Unbelievably Good Deals and Great Adventures that You Absolutely Can't Get Unless You're Over 50  |  description : The newest edition of this proven bestseller is completely revised and updated with even more information about trips, discounts, clubs, and programs.
 id : 236274 ISBN : 0394481992  | name : The Stepford Wives  |  description : All the beautiful people live in the idyllic village of Stepford, Connecticut, an affluent suburban Eden populated with successful, satisfied hubbys and their beautiful, dutiful wives. For Joanna Eberhart, a recent arrival with her husband and two children, it all seems too perfect to be true -- from the sweet, accommodating Welcome Wagon lady to all those cheerful, friendly faces in the supermarket checkout lines. But just beneath the town's flawless surface, something is sordid and wrong -- something abominable with roots in the local Men's Association. And it may already be too late for Joanna to save herself from being devoured by Stepford's hideous perfection.
 id : 236275 ISBN : 0395696887  | name : Biggest, Strongest, Fastest  |  description : Describes some of the biggest, smallest, fastest, slowest, strongest and longest animals in the world.
 id : 236276 ISBN : 1573221414  | name : Making Loss Matter  |  description : Making loss matter -- Home -- Dreams -- Self -- Love -- Faith -- Life.
 id : 236279 ISBN : 9076048207  | name : The Mediaeval Nativity  |  description : Modeled on the religious paintings of the great masters of medieval Europe, this luminous three-dimensional display recreates the beauty of the majesty of the nativity. An eight-page booklet of biblical extracts accompanies the large holiday display. One large pop-up spread 13" high.
 id : 236281 ISBN : 0849958199  | name : Best-Loved Prayers  |  description : Simple prayers, easy for children to understand, and Biblical citations in simple terms.
 id : 236282 ISBN : 0849937248  | name : Ground Zero  |  description : For those searching for meaning and truth in their lives, the best way to start their exploration is to begin at ground zero, where all preconceptions about God or religion are left behind. With simplicity and purpose, this book provides the basic foundations for understanding who God is, what He has done, and what it all means for our lives. The perfect book for seekers.
 id : 236283 ISBN : 0517182513  | name : The Pirates  |  description : True accounts of the lives, exploits, and executions of the world's most infamous buccaneers.
 id : 236284 ISBN : 081603723X  | name : Religions of the World  |  description : Discusses the religions of the world and their festivals, rituals, beliefs, ceremonial objects, and history
 id : 236285 ISBN : 0941807231  | name : The Celtic Quest in Art and Literature  |  description : A celebration of the magic, power, and poetry of the Celtic spirit, this title features classic and never-before-published works from Ireland, Scotland, Cornwall, and Wales. The volume threads together the finest poetry, fables, fairy stories, and folk lore and lyrics from pre-Christian sources to contemporary bards such as Dylan Thomas and Van Morrison. 150 color & b&w illustrations.
 id : 236286 ISBN : 0679425667  | name : Strange Pilgrims  |  description : From South America's Nobel Prize-winning author of the renowned classic One Hundred Years of Solitude and the international bestseller Love in the Time of Cholera comes an extraordinary collection of short fiction focusing on Latin Americans visiting or living in contemporary Europe.
 id : 236287 ISBN : 0151004838  | name : Every Eye Beholds You  |  description : From the odes of the Sufi mystic Rumi to Shaker hymns to Aztec war songs, the ultimate collection of the world's most famous and evocative prayers.
 id : 236288 ISBN : 0739435574  | name : The End of Eternity  |  description : On Earth, eternals move from century to century altering time and people's lives for their own purposes.
 id : 236289 ISBN : 0844238996  | name : Meditation  |  description : Presents a variety of meditative techniques used in the East and the West.
 id : 236290 ISBN : 0936085347  | name : Artists and Writers Colonies  |  description : Describes places to stimulate your creativity for artists of all types.
 id : 236291 ISBN : 096579749X  | name : QPB Book of Irish Literature  |  description : Poems, plays, short stories, novels & literary criticism features contributions from fifty of Irelands most beloved writers.
 id : 236292 ISBN : 0399527443  | name : The NPR Curious Listener's Guide to Popular Standards  |  description : A music lover's guide to popular music provides a concise history of the musical art form; a listing of every major singer, composer, lyricist, musician, and song representing a century of favorites; a looks at various genres of music; a listing of the most recorded songs of all time; an A-Z glossary of musical terminology; and more. Original.
 id : 236294 ISBN : 0385247206  | name : Alamut  |  description : This fantasy set in the days of the Crusades involves a hero who is half human and half immortal.
 id : 236298 ISBN : 1570762295  | name : Introducing Orchids  |  description : How to buy orchids and how to cultivate them.
 id : 236300 ISBN : 0895557568  | name : A Textual Concordance of the Holy Scriptures  |  description : Alphabetical; topic-by-topic selection of passages from the Bible; originally compiled to help priests prepare sermons. Over 1,900 topics and 18,000 actual Bible verses! Unlike other concordances; this one quotes the actual passages in full. A quick reference tool to learn just what the Bible says on a host of topics. Truly a one volume Bible study course and a great aid to unlocking the true Catholic meaning of Scripture.
 id : 236301 ISBN : 0785265791  | name : Like a Rock  |  description : Each person's character is either developing or deteriorating. Only those who intentionally pursue character development are moving towards their goals for who they hope to be. This book presents a step-by-step plan for overcoming the negative inertia of this fallen world to move forward towards success.
 id : 236302 ISBN : 0689718489  | name : Black and Blue Magic  |  description : Humpty Harry, always falling over his own feet, got the magic, and learned to fly.
 id : 236303 ISBN : 0375810889  | name : Green Eggs and Ham  |  description : All the fun of the original book is included in this abridged version of Dr. Seuss's beloved classic Green Eggs and Ham with interactive lift the flap pages and colorful stickers! From the bestselling author of One Fish, Two Fish, Red Fish, Blue Fish, The Cat and Hat, and Hop on Pop! I do not like green eggs and ham. I do not like them, Sam-I-am. Do you like green eggs and ham? If so, you'll love to flip the flaps with Sam-I-Am to see where those green eggs and ham will pop up next! With unmistakable characters and signature rhymes, Dr. Seuss’s beloved favorite has cemented its place as a children’s classic. —This board book edition is abridged from the full, original text.
 id : 236305 ISBN : 0345405331  | name : The Life of Elizabeth I  |  description : Perhaps the most influential sovereign England has ever known, Queen Elizabeth I reigned prosperously for more than forty years, from 1558 until her death in 1603. During her rule, however, she remained an extremely private person, keeping her own counsel and sharing secrets with no one--not even her closest, most trusted advisors. Now, in this brilliantly researched, fascinating new book, acclaimed biographer Alison Weir brings the enigmatic figure of Elizabeth 1 to life as never before. Here are provocative new interpretations and fresh insights on the intimacy between Elizabeth and Robert Dudley, who rose from Master of the Horse to become Earl of Leicester; the imprisonment and execution of Elizabeth's rival, Mary Stuart; Elizabeth's clash with Philip of Spain, once her suitor and then her enemy; and the cruel betrayal of her beloved Essex. Against a lavish backdrop of pageantry and passion, intrigue and war, Weir dispels the myths surrounding Elizabeth I and examines the contradictions of her character, exploring complex questions. Elizabeth I loved the Earl of Leicester, but did she conspire to murder his wife? She called herself the Virgin Queen, but how chaste was she through dozens of liaisons? She never married, but was her choice to remain single tied to the chilling fate of her mother, Anne Boleyn? An enthralling epic that is also an amazingly intimate portrait, Alison Weir's The Life of Elizabeth I is a work of deep reflection and extraordinary scholarship--a mesmerizing, stunning reading experience.
 id : 236308 ISBN : 0140058435  | name : Hunting the Wild Pineapple  |  description : Leverson, the narrator at the centre of these stories, calls himself a 'people freak.' Seduced by north Queensland's sultry beauty and unique strangeness, he is as fascinated by the invading hordes of misfits from the south as by the old established Queenslanders. Leverson's ironical yet compassionate view makes every story, every incident, a pointed example of human weakness – or strength.
 id : 236312 ISBN : 0312865643  | name : Authorized Personnel Only  |  description : Chicago policewoman Suze Figueroa's peaceful homelife and family are threatened by a mysterious stranger who has moved into her Victorian house without her knowledge. By the author of Good Cop, Bad Cop. 25,000 first printing.
 id : 236314 ISBN : 0875962394  | name : Joan Samuelson's Running for Women  |  description : America's most successful woman runner explains the training techniques that have made her a champion. In addition to race tips and specific nutritional guidance, Joan also offers women runners advice on balancing running with job and family.
 id : 236315 ISBN : 0708984002  | name : The Patriots  |  description : Vol 8 in "The Australians" series.
 id : 236317 ISBN : 0394562690  | name : The Seven Lady Godivas  |  description : A tongue-in-cheek reworking of the legends of Lady Godiva and Peeping Tom, in which the seven Godiva sisters vow not to wed until each has discovered a new Horse Truth of benefit to all mankind
 id : 236319 ISBN : 0340793104  | name : McCarthy's Bar  |  description : A journey of discovery in Ireland. A hilarious travel book.
 id : 236321 ISBN : 0670886025  | name : The Rice Bible  |  description : Photographs and text help describe the history, cultivation, botany, and uses of rice.
 id : 236322 ISBN : 0743421973  | name : Walking Yoga  |  description : From the leaders of the renowned Omega Institute comes a new spin on an ancient technique--a sustainable program of health and wellness that combines yoga and walking into an invigorating and contemplative exercise. 40 photos & 3 line drawings.
 id : 236325 ISBN : 0822956616  | name : The Prince of Fire  |  description : An anthology of contemporary Serbian fiction. In Filip David's title story a man advises his son to listen to his heart, rather than his brain, while Mladen Markov's The Banat Train is on ethnic conflict.
 id : 236326 ISBN : 0590454463  | name : Diane Goode's American Christmas  |  description : A collection of American poems, songs, and stories with a Christmas theme, including "The Peterkins' Christmas Tree," "Yes, Virginia, There Is a Santa Claus," "Away in a Manger," and "Christmas on the Banks of Plum Creek."
 id : 236327 ISBN : 0698116283  | name : Little Beaver and the Echo  |  description : The story of Little Beaver's search for a friend that he thinks he hears across a pond is ideal for reading to youngsters at quiet-time, bedtime, or camp sessions. Reprint.
 id : 236328 ISBN : 0449210359  | name : Twice Shy  |  description : When a friend is violently killed after thrusting three musical cassettes into Jonathan Derry's hands, the young physician is hurled headlong into a terrifying nightmare. It turns out that these seemingly harmless tapes contain a computerized horse-betting system that could make whoever possesses them a very rich man-or a very dead one. Now Jonathan must track down the tape's rightful owners before the odds of him outrunning a cold-blooded killer become slim to none...
 id : 236329 ISBN : 0764808362  | name : The Essential Bible Handbook  |  description : The latest entry in the bestselling "Essential Handbook" series is intended to help readers understand the place of the Bible in Catholic tradition, the history of how the Bible developed, and its use in prayer. Also included are such helpful aids as a suggested plan for reading the Bible and a chart of New Testament parables.
 id : 236330 ISBN : 340423233X  | name : Die Besessenen  |  description : Die Konföderation steht kurz vor dem Zusammenbruch. Die "Besessenen" haben es damit noch leichter, neue Welten zu infiltrieren. An allen Fronten wird gekämpft: Auf der Erde wütet Quinn Dexter, verfolgt von Louise Kavanagh. Ihr gelingt es, einige mysteriöse und starke Verbündete zu finden, deren Ziele jedoch nicht ganz mit den ihren übereinstimmen. Der Feldzug gegen die Besessenen auf Mortonridge wächst sich zu einer furchtbaren Schlacht aus, wie sie die Menschheit seit 600 Jahren nicht erlebt hat ...
 id : 236331 ISBN : 3404232216  | name : Unbekannt.Macht  |  description : AD 2600. Die Menschheit entdeckt endlich ihr ganzes Potential. Hunderte von Kolonien, verstreut über die ganze Galaxis, bieten eine Unzahl unterschiedlichster Kulturen und unermesslichen Reichtum. Gentechnik hat die Grenzen der Natur gesprengt. Der Handel blüht, und die Konföderation sorgt für Frieden und Sicherheit. Ein goldenes Zeitalter scheint angebrochen. Doch etwas ist schief gelaufen. Extrem schief! Auf einem kleinen primitiven Planeten trifft ein Mensch rein zufällig auf ein vollkommen nichtmenschliches Wesen - und löst die Apokalypse aus: eine Macht, die all unsere Ängste wahr werden.
 id : 236332 ISBN : 0448405334  | name : Ghostly Tales and Eerie Poems of Edgar Allan Poe  |  description : An illustrated collection of stories and poems by the noted horror writer, including "The Fall of the House of Usher," "The Pit and the Pendulum," and "The Raven."
 id : 236336 ISBN : 0517203340  | name : Power Strategies of Jesus Christ  |  description : If you are one who must motivate others, transform others, and lead others on the path of maximum potential, Power Strategies of Jesus Christ is must reading. A popular business consultant, seminar leader, and author of The New Way to Compete, Harry A. Olson draws on the leadership methods of "the greatest motivator and people organizer" of all time: Jesus Christ. Through a full understanding of Jesus' "methods," we can learn valuable, effective lessons about acquiring and using power--with emphasis on teaching others to live their day-to-day lives in enlightened ways for enlightened results.
 id : 236338 ISBN : 0835607585  | name : The Illustrated Book of Sacred Scriptures  |  description : Helpful commentary invites readers to compare the views of many faiths on such universal themes as the nature of the Supreme Being, the good life, love and service, fate and free will, and death and what comes next. 140 color illustrations.
 id : 236339 ISBN : 096485340X  | name : Christmas Ornament Legends  |  description : Old World Christmas proudly presents CHRISTMAS ORNAMENT LEGENDS. This hard-bound, full-color book features eighty pages of stories, traditions, & folklore from the Old World. The charming origin of an enchanting variety of treasured mouth-blown glass ornaments is portrayed in this insightful publication. Readers will enjoy learning about the legends behind the ornaments. The book is beautifully decorated with dazzling ornaments & wonderful color plates of traditional Christmas renderings. A special introduction about how & where mouth-blown glass ornaments were first made is included. Also featured is the fascinating story of how the authors, Tim & Beth Merck, traveled to the Old World & gathered these legends to bring home to American families everywhere. Destined to compliment existing Christmas traditions, this superbly illustrated book is currently available by ordering from Old World Christmas directly at 1-800-962-7669 or by mail at P.O. Box 8000, Spokane, WA 99203. The book wholesales for $7.75 & is sold in minimum quantities of 6 for $46.50. Acceptable methods of payment include Visa, MasterCard, personal check, money order, or cashiers check. Customers may also apply for open credit.
 id : 236340 ISBN : 0670883417  | name : The Family Haggadah  |  description : Interprets and explains the story of the Exodus and discusses how families can discover the deeper meanings and traditions of the Seder.
 id : 236341 ISBN : 0762703180  | name : Campfire Songs  |  description : This enduring collection of more than 110 campfire songs - complete with words, scores and guitar chords.
 id : 236343 ISBN : 0882890026  | name : Cajun Night Before Christmas  |  description : SUMMARY: A version in Cajun dialect of the famous poem "The Night Before Christmas," set in a Louisiana bayou.
 id : 236346 ISBN : 0671001531  | name : Given the Evidence  |  description : A Susan Given mystery.
 id : 236347 ISBN : 0395202841  | name : Sanditon  |  description : Charlotte Heywood suddenly finds herself in a world of elegance, snobbery, romance and intrigue. How can she escape Sir Edward, out-smart her charming competitors and convince Sidney Parker to marry her?
 id : 236350 ISBN : 0312976879  | name : Servant of the Law  |  description : John Wesley Michaels heads for Arizona to take on a job as lawman in the corrupt frontier territory, but his efforts to take down the Coyote Kid, the region's most ruthless and murderous outlaw, are complicated by a stubborn woman out to exact her own revenge.
 id : 236353 ISBN : 0747561877  | name : Doodaaa  |  description : 'An extraordinary mixture of autobiography, satirical art history and unhinged comedy.'- Independent on Sunday (UK)
 id : 236354 ISBN : 0874778093  | name : Finding What You Didn't Lose  |  description : Poetry discovers and speaks a truth ordinary language cannot express. And the passionate message in Finding What You Didn't Lose is that we're all poets--capable of giving voice to such truth. Poet-teacher John Fox reveals how imagery, sound, metaphor, rhythm, and other poetic elements can he us tell our inner story, heal psychological wounds, discover spiritual connection, and develop the rich creative imagination that lies within us all. Transcending the traditional academic approach to poetry writing, Finding What You Didn't Lose deals with craft but, more importantly, guides readers to explore their deepest feelings and express their own unique insights through the incomparable language of poetry. Through an intermingling of inventive exercises and illustrative poems--ranging from Nobel Prize winners to first-time poets--readers are inspired to add their own distinct voice to a world fellowship of poets. For those who already write poetry, and the many more who want to, this book is the key to finding what you never lose: your natural inclination to express who you are through the making of poems.
 id : 236355 ISBN : 0192826646  | name : The Karamazov Brothers  |  description : Dostoevsky's last and greatest novel, The Karamazov Brothers (1880) is both a brilliantly told crime story and a passionate philosophical debate. The dissolute landowner Fyodor Pavlovich Karamazov is murdered; his sons--the atheist intellectual Ivan, the hot-blooded Dmitry, and the saintly novice Alyosha--are all involved at some level. Brilliantly bound up with this psychological drama is Dostoevsky's intense and disturbing exploration of many deeply felt ideas about the existence of God, freedom of will, the collective nature of guilt, and the disastrous consequences of rationalism. Filled with eloquent voices, this new translation fully realizes the power and dramatic virtuosity of Dostoevsky's most brilliant work. About the Series: For over 100 years Oxford World's Classics has made available the broadest spectrum of literature from around the globe. Each affordable volume reflects Oxford's commitment to scholarship, providing the most accurate text plus a wealth of other valuable features, including expert introductions by leading authorities, voluminous notes to clarify the text, up-to-date bibliographies for further study, and much more.
 id : 236356 ISBN : 0310973635  | name : His Name Is Jesus  |  description : A compliation of Bible passages and other writings on the many names used to refer to Jesus Christ.
 id : 236357 ISBN : 089870300X  | name : A Summa of the Summa  |  description : Combines selected philosophical passages from Thomas' "Summa Theologica" with detailed footnotes and explanations for modern readers.
 id : 236358 ISBN : 0375705155  | name : After the Banquet  |  description : With vast psychological acuity and an unblinking vision of the stratagems of marital warfare, the author tells of the shrewd but charming Kuzu who must choose between her marriage and the demands of her irrepressible vitality.
 id : 236360 ISBN : 2266089404  | name : La petite Fadette  |  description : Dans le village, tout le monde l'appelait la petite Fadette parce qu'elle avait la taille d'un farfadet et les pouvoirs d'une fée. Comme sa grand-mère, elle guérissait les hommes et les animaux. Dans les environs, la famille Barbeau était une famille de paysans respectés dans les environs. La mère avait eu des "bessons", c'est-à-dire des jumeaux : Landry et Sylvinet. Landry tomba amoureux de Fadette provoquant la jalousie de son frère. La Petite Fadette évoque notamment les nombreuses légendes entourant l'incroyable amour unissant les jumeaux. Après La mare au diable, et François le Champi, La Petite Fadette est le troisième roman rustique de George Sand. Très attentive à la vie des paysans du Berry, elle décrit le folklore, et fait l'apologie de la société champêtre.
 id : 236361 ISBN : 0140070265  | name : Constance, Or, Solitary Practices  |  description : In the Avignon of Vichy France, Constance the English mistress of a decaying chateau, struggles to maintain her integrity in spite of the loss of her husband and friends and the obdurate perversity of her Nazi-sympathizer sister...
 id : 236362 ISBN : 0618303995  | name : Top of the Heap  |  description : To mark the 100th anniversary of the most celebrated team in history, this collection features a century's worth of the best writing on the New York Yankees.
 id : 236363 ISBN : 0811825272  | name : Dreams & Relationships  |  description : In the footsteps of Chronicle Book's best-selling Secret Language of Dreams comes this expertly written and gorgeously illustrated guide to understanding what dreams reveal about our relationships with partners, friends, and family. Dreams & Relationships demystifies the hidden symbolism of dreams and shows how closely connected the emotions, anxieties, fears, and fantasies of the dreaming mind are to those exhibited in everyday interactions, offering new insight to any relationship, in good times or bad. Dreams & Relationships is a beautiful and practical tool for enriching valued relationships.
 id : 236364 ISBN : 0743221176  | name : The Puma's Shadow  |  description : Historical adventure in the tradition of Wilbur Smith and Christian Jacq.
 id : 236365 ISBN : 0800716493  | name : To Mother with Love  |  description : Especially for mothers on Mother's Day, To Mother with Love is a collection of evocative poetry to, for, and about mothers. Helen Steiner Rice's heartfelt poetry touches upon the characteristics that epitomize motherhood. To complement the thoughtful, nostalgic text are lovely watercolor drawings, quotations, and Scripture verses that pay homage to mothers.
 id : 236367 ISBN : 0060160594  | name : Spring training  |  description : A life-long baseball fan describes spring training with the Pittsburgh Pirates in Bradenton, Florida, in an account filled with interviews, baseball lore, and information on techniques
 id : 236369 ISBN : 0762401109  | name : Daughters and Mothers  |  description : A collection of essays and photographs of mothers and daughters.
 id : 236371 ISBN : 037540872X  | name : A Walk to Remember  |  description : When a twist of fate makes Jamie Sullivan his date at the homecoming dance, Landon Carter never dreamed they would fall in love, but as he comes to realize his true feelings for Jamie, he learns of a terrible secret that will take his love away from him forever.
 id : 236373 ISBN : 0674068807  | name : Between Voice and Silence  |  description : The result is a deeper and richer appreciation of girls' development and women's psychological health.
 id : 236374 ISBN : 1572302062  | name : Women's Growth in Diversity  |  description : Essays discussing women's psychological development examine the experiences of women from diverse backgrounds
 id : 236375 ISBN : 0060563524  | name : My French Kitchen  |  description : It's not surprising that Joanne Harris's novels -- Chocolat, Blackberry Wine, and Five Quarters of the Orange -- celebrate the pleasure and magic of food, since her fondest childhood memories are of making pancakes with her great-grandmother Mémée, picking blackberries with her grandfather in Yorkshire, and exploring the early morning markets of Noirmoutier. Now, with coauthor Fran Warde, Harris shares her treasured collection of family recipes that have been passed down from generation to generation in this illustrated cookbook. Harris encourages cooks to engage all their senses when cooking -- look at what you're cooking, smell the ingredients, mix them with your fingers, and enjoy their sounds and textures. Cooking, she reminds us, is about as close to magic as modern society allows: to take a handful of simple, fresh ingredients and turn them into something wonderful, otherworldly. The 120 recipes include French classics such as Onion Soup and Onion Tart, Coq au Vin, and Crème Brûlée, as well as family favorites like Anouchka's Chile Garlic Bread, great-aunt Simone's Marinated Tuna, and great-aunt Marinette's Slow Fudge Sauce. And, of course, there's an entire chapter devoted to chocolate -- cakes, meringues, and spiced hot chocolate. My French Kitchen, a remarkable collaboration between Joanne Harris, a writer who loves food, and Fran Warde, a former chef who loves to write about food, belongs in your kitchen.
 id : 236376 ISBN : 0316904155  | name : Lost Children  |  description : Originally published in 1951, a love story set in post war Britain about the relationship that grows between an upper-class girl living in a grand house and a young national serviceman stationed nearby. From the author of THE MARRIAGE OF MEGOTTA and the BROTHER CADFAEL series under the name of Ellis Peters.
 id : 236378 ISBN : 0449221334  | name : Till the Old Men Die  |  description : When Dr. Lito Manibusan, a Filipino professor of history at Cal State, is murdered, Jeri Howard's father, a colleague of the victim, hires her to find the man's next of kind and learn the truth behind his death. Jeri learns a lot, especially about old friends and political feuds, and finds herself following the twisted trail of clues that led to the man's murder....
 id : 236380 ISBN : 0061000817  | name : Wildfire  |  description : Wildfire is a legend, a fiery red stallion who is captured and broken by horse trainer Lin Slone. A glorious beast, a miracle, Wildfire is also a curse - a horse who could run like the wind and who could also spill the blood of those who love him the most. When Lucy Bostil found the horse and the unconscious man who had roped him, she saved both their lives and took Slone's heart in the process. Now another man wants Lucy and the horse - and will stop at nothing short of killing to get them.
 id : 236381 ISBN : 0312964277  | name : Death of a Peer  |  description : Murder becomes a family affair... The Lampreys were a charming, eccentric happy-go-lucky family, teetering on the edge of financial ruin. Until the gruesome murder of their uncle-and unpleasant Marquis, who met his untimely death while leaving the Lamprey flat-left them with a fortune. Now it's up to Inspector Roderick Alleyn to sift through the alibis to discover which Lamprey hides a ruthless killer behind an amiable facade...
 id : 236383 ISBN : 0755104447  | name : Ophelia  |  description : Calvin J. Hamilton features information and statistics about Ophelia, the second innermost moon of Uranus. The information is offered as part of Views of the Solar System. Hamilton includes an image of Ophelia, as well as statistics about the mass, orbital period, mean density, magnitude, equatorial radius, orbital eccentricity, mean orbital velocity, and other facts on Ophelia.
 id : 236384 ISBN : 0201311453  | name : Don't Let The Irs Destroy Your Small Business  |  description : Covers payroll tax liability, excessive salaries, travel and entertainment expenses, fringe benefits, pension plans, and owning multiple companies
 id : 236385 ISBN : 1852425865  | name : Guide  |  description : Narrated in a voice that may be construed as the author's own, Guide is the story of the conflict between a novelist's fantasy life and his inability to represent it in language. Remembering the clarity he felt during an LSD trip in his teens, 'Dennis' drops acid and attempts to write a novel that will make sense of his life, his desires, his friends, and his art. The fourth volume in Cooper's five-novel cycle, Guide is his most shocking study yet of the darker side of human need and the nature of desire. It reaffirms his position as a writer whose ability to transgress is matched by his literary brilliance.
 id : 236387 ISBN : 187374143X  | name : The Comedienne  |  description : "I couldn't believe it at first-that Susan could switch from padded Valentines, eighteen inches high with "Be mine forever," to not even stopping her car for me to cross on a zebra. If she hadn't recognised me with the added weight, she must have known it was my shopping trolley." It's time for Joan to try her luck on the London comedy circuit. After all, everybody always said she was a funny woman. "An easy feel good read, a joy to behold."-"What's On" "An intrinsic truth that pulls you in before you know it."-"Time Out" VG Lee is the UK's answer to Fannie Flagg.
 id : 236390 ISBN : 0848807006  | name : Cross Creek  |  description : Originally published in 1942, Cross Creek has become a classic in modern American literature. For the millions of readers raised on The Yearling, here is the story of Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings's experiences in the remote Florida hamlet of Cross Creek, where she lived for thirteen years. From the daily labors of managing a seventy-two-acre orange grove to bouts with runaway pigs and a succession of unruly farmhands, Rawlings describes her life at the Creek with humor and spirit. Her tireless determination to overcome the challenges of her adopted home in the Florida backcountry, her deep-rooted love of the earth, and her genius for character and description result in a most delightful and heartwarming memoir.
 id : 236391 ISBN : 0848806166  | name : The Sojourner  |  description : Reprint of an edition published by Scribner in 1953.
 id : 236393 ISBN : 068484012X  | name : Scherzo  |  description : Set in Venice in the age of Voltaire, Casanova and Count Cagliostro, SCHERZO is a gripping tale of murder, mystery and deceit which explores the darker side of Venetian life as well as evoking the splendour of its glittering facade. Young Signor Ludovico is a castrato opera singer struggling to live at the edge of society where the Venetian nobility and the underworld meet. Together with a mysterious French philosopher, Monsieur Arouet, he finds himself embroiled in the investigation of the murder of a religious nobleman, the consequences of which will keep the reader hooked to the very end.
 id : 236394 ISBN : 1573241091  | name : Stopping  |  description : Suggests stopping--the practice of doing nothing for a definite period of time--as a source of spiritual renewal and means of coping with the stresses of modern life
 id : 236395 ISBN : 0871318741  | name : Down the Common  |  description : Everyday life in medieval England seen through the eyes of Marion, the wife of a carpenter. The novel follows her daily grind, living in a dirty one-room hut, giving birth to children who die, lugging water, battling rats and using a pool for a mirror. A first novel.
 id : 236396 ISBN : 0312951817  | name : Ask Marilyn  |  description : "Parade" magazine's resident genius compiles the best of her question-and-answer column that logically tackles the mysteries of the universe, brainteasers, and unique insights
 id : 236399 ISBN : 0671009656  | name : The Flood Disaster  |  description : Warren and Betsy travel back in time to the Johnstown Flood in order to fulfill a child's dream before her life is ended.
 id : 236405 ISBN : 1585671908  | name : The Old Religion  |  description : In 1913, a young woman was found murdered in the National Pencil Factory in Atlanta.
 id : 236406 ISBN : 0349101469  | name : The Irish R. M.  |  description : Major Sinclair Yeates leaves England to work as an Irish Resident Magistrate convinced that two and two make four. But as he passes judgement on a range of cases and characters that would have driven Solomon to drink he learns that in Ireland, two and two are just as likely to make five, or three, or even nothing at all... First published at the turn of the century as EXPERIENCES OF AN IRISH R.M., these stories were quickly recognised as classics of Anglo- Irish literature and as some of the funniest prose in the English language. This collection- containing all thirty-four stories- inspired the hugely successful television series.
 id : 236408 ISBN : 1573226017  | name : Skipped Parts  |  description : An amusing new novel by the author of "Social Blunders". It's 1963 and 13-year-old Sam Callahan and his tart-tongued, divorced, misbehaving mother, Lydia, must cope as best they can, after they are banished to the hick town of GroVont, Wyoming, by Lydia's Southern gentleman father. "Funny, shocking, downright revolting, and occasionally sad".--"Los Angeles Times Book Review".
 id : 236410 ISBN : 0919001394  | name : The Welsher  |  description : Here is the sad and frantic comedy of a man who comes to his last stop in a cabin at the edge of the New Brunswick forest after trying to outrun his own tale. Victim of mishaps, mayham, compulsive slander in his native Wales, Anthony Watkins sees himself as guardian of truth - most notably the truth about himself. But he cannot call his life his own when it is rewritten by the fictions of a hanged man and a team of Welsh conspirators, led by Morgan U. Price, ageless village elder, assisted by Watkins's parents, his own worthy spouse, his cousin's beautiful and fertile wife, Dr. Daniel Morgan, that disgrace to Medicine, and the massed choristers of Glantawe, where all truths are possible and most are at least attempted. Yet Watkins, too, is part of what he suffers: fated to delude, invent, re-live his delirium and folly, accept as gospel the story of the hour. What he must endure is less an identity crisis than a carnival of mortal dreams.
 id : 236411 ISBN : 0844280305  | name : Smiley Face Readers, Beginner's Italian Reader  |  description : Beginner's Italian Reader is a delightful book designed to make learning written Italian enjoyable for beginners during the first months of study. Through 27 lively readings, students meet a colourful cast of Italian characters and each text is followed by exercises to reinforce comprehension.
 id : 236412 ISBN : 0864923686  | name : Way Up  |  description : In the thirteen stories that comprise Way Up, Kathryn Kuitenbrouwer's canvas stretches from downtown Toronto to isolated farms, from the Canadian Shield to Nova Scotia and Europe, and even into outer space. In "The Last Magic Forest," she turns her Gothic imagination loose in the bush of Northern Ontario, where tree planters have developed a unique culture. In this wasteland of clear-cutting and scarifying, the concept of "nature" overturns everything readers (and tree planters) expect. When Kuitenbrouwer takes a Canadian tree planter to Belgium in "What Had Become of Us," only the outer topography changes. In the superficially more cultivated European forest, the value and meaning of human life depends on the inner topography the forester brings with her from the Ontario bush. In other stories, Kuitenbrouwer's characters engage in a continual play with perspective, in a perpetual balancing act. In an emotional spectrum ranging from corrosive grief to murderous recklessness, Kathryn Kuitenbrouwer's characters make — or fail to make — the constant adjustments necessary to stay fully human. By intention or accident, each character steps into a more comprehensible life or crosses into seductive darkness.
 id : 236415 ISBN : 0141314672  | name : Stig of the Dump  |  description : The story of Barney, a solitary eight-year-old, who befriends a cave man after tumbling into the disused chalk pit which he has claimed as his home. Barney names his friend Stig and together they raid the rubbish dump at the bottom of the pit, enjoying a series of adventures along the way.
 id : 236416 ISBN : 0553256939  | name : The Dream Years  |  description : A young Parisian surrealist writer and a beautiful, mysterious woman with whom he falls in love, are transported in time from the 1920s to the volatile time of the 1968 Paris riots
 id : 236417 ISBN : 0140045694  | name : Henry and Cato  |  description : Cato Forbes slips a revolver into the darkened Thames during the hours when Henry Marshalson is flying back to England to claim the family estate, now his because of his older brother's death
 id : 236422 ISBN : 0399134743  | name : What Lisa Knew  |  description : An account of the death of Lisa Steinberg at the hands of her adoptive father examines the relationship between Joel Steinberg and Hedda Nussbaum and analyzes the shocking issue of family violence in America
 id : 236426 ISBN : 0525244034  | name : The Private Life of Axie Reed  |  description : At the height of her fame, Axie Reed, after suffering a severe accident, lays in the hospital on the edge of death drifting fitfully yet insightfully over her career and private life
 id : 236428 ISBN : 0333548434  | name : Teaching Skills in Further & Adult Education  |  description : This best-selling text has been fully revised and updated for the new City & Guilds 7302 award and stages one and two of the 7407 award. As well as being endorsed by City & Guilds and written in line with the new awards, the book benefits from David Mintons experience in teaching FE and Adult Education teachers. He is able to provide insight into practical aspects of how to manager a classroom and get the job done in sometimes difficult circumstances.
 id : 236432 ISBN : 0671641581  | name : Sphinx  |  description : Set in present-day London, Rome, and Leningrad, Stalin's Moscow, and the St. Petersburg of the czars, this novel centers on the cold war between truth and lies
 id : 236435 ISBN : 0684856123  | name : The Jukebox Queen of Malta  |  description : From the heralded author of "Bridge Fall Down" comes a lyrical, heart-wrenching story set amidst the chaos--and absurdity--of war-torn Malta during World War II.
 id : 236436 ISBN : 0881030198  | name : Fahrenheit 451  |  description : For use in schools and libraries only. A totalitarian regime has ordered all books to be destroyed, but one of the book burners suddenly realizes their merit, in a chilling novel of a frightening near-future world.
 id : 236438 ISBN : 0833531662  | name : Dragons of Winter Night  |  description : The third volume in the "Chronicles Trilogy." Dragons have returned to Krynn. A group of friends battles the evil forces--from the teeming streets of the city of Tarsis to the majestic Tower of the High Clerist--to preserve their homes, their lives, and their honor.
 id : 236439 ISBN : 0312973594  | name : The Moffatts  |  description : Describes each member of the group, which is made up of four brothers--three of them triplets--and traces their path to success.
 id : 236442 ISBN : 0849912911  | name : The Call  |  description : In the tradition of C.S. Lewis and Oswald Chambers, internationally renowned author Os Guinness has penned a classic reflective work on life's purpose. Guiness goes past our superficial understanding to the very heart of what calling means.
 id : 236444 ISBN : 0385114516  | name : The Kramer Project  |  description : A serum to accelerate human-brain functioning is utilized by both Russians and Americans in a deadly cold-war race for world supremacy.
 id : 236446 ISBN : 0440213614  | name : Relief from Chronic Sinusitis  |  description : More than 33 million American experience sinus trouble on a chronic basis, frequently suffering debilitating pain that interferes with work and leisure activities alike. The good news is that recent medical attention to this widespread affliction has developed remarkable new treatments and cures. You can end the pain and irritation of sinusitis - and start living a more active and pleasurable life!
 id : 236447 ISBN : 0761101861  | name : Beauty  |  description : Offers step-by-step directions, professional techniques and advice, insider tips, makeovers, and brand and product comparisons in a handbook that emphasizes a simple, healthy, and natural approach to beauty care.
 id : 236449 ISBN : 0882669850  | name : Perfumes, Splashes & Colognes  |  description : Gives a "scentual" history, discusses the different types of scents, explains how to match one's personality type with existing fragrances, and provides recipes for creating one's own perfumes and splashes
 id : 236450 ISBN : 0877739870  | name : Personality Type: An Owner's Manual  |  description : Drawing from Jungian psychology and popular culture, this detailed guide to personality types will help you develop a deeper, more meaningful sense of your truest self For Jung, knowing your type was essential to understanding yourself: a way to measure personal growth and change. But his ideas have been applied largely in the areas of career and marital counseling, so type has come to seem predictive: a way to determine your job skills and social abilities. This book reclaims type as a way to talk about people's inner potential and the choices they make in order to honor it. Using everyday examples from popular culture—films, Star Trek, soap operas, comic strips—it describes the sixteen basic ways people come to terms with their gifts and values. In this book you will find tools to understand: • How your personality takes shape • How your type reflects not only your current priorities, but your hidden potential • How unlived possibilities are trying to get your attention • How relationships at home and at work can help you to tap your unrealized gifts
 id : 236452 ISBN : 0415158044  | name : A History of Pagan Europe  |  description : In this definitive study, Prudence Jones and Nigel Pennick draw together the fragmented sources of Europe's native religions and establish the coherence and continuity of the Pagan world vision. Challenging a traditional, Christian perspective of history, the authors argue that the modern world owes to ancient Paganism its pluralistic tolerance, its love of the arts, and its respect for empirical method. This innovative and comprehensive history of European Paganism will provide a stimulating, reliable guide to this popular dimension of religious culture.
 id : 236453 ISBN : 187808660X  | name : A Place for Joe  |  description : The true story of a white North Carolina couple who took in a retarded, black teenager in 1935 and their life of love together
 id : 236454 ISBN : 0060093374  | name : New Adventures of Mary-Kate & Ashley #36: The Case of Camp Pom-Pom  |  description : Mary-Kate and Ashley are excited about the cheerleading competition at Camp Pom-Pom, but when their squad's mascot costume disappears, the girls jump into action to catch the thief.
 id : 236455 ISBN : 1841194654  | name : Lights, Camera, Angel  |  description : Streetwise Jack-the-lad hero Roy Angel is bored; so his fashion designer partner Amy gets him involved in her latest project - working on a big budget American movie being filmed at Pinewood in darkest Buckinghamshire. With his unerring knack for being in the right place at the wrong time, Angel discovers that the mishaps dogging the film are anything but accidental. And the heart-throb star of the film seems especially at risk, from two separate groups of very fanatical fans and his own personal Internet stalker. Angel is faced with life on the celebrity A-list, baby-sitting a rich, handsome and talented film star, mingling with the sexiest of actresses and going to party after party. It's a dirty job, but somebody's got to do it.
 id : 236456 ISBN : 1932205918  | name : Man's Unofficial Guide to the Use of His Garage  |  description : This humorous yet informative book is a must buy for a Man in Anyone's Life. He will enjoy it as a Birthday, Father's Day, Valentines Day, or Christmas gift.
 id : 236458 ISBN : 0752208004  | name : Quantum Leap  |  description : One of a series of novels based on the television series Quantum Leap, about the adventures of a time-travelling physicist and his helpful hologram.
 id : 236459 ISBN : 0310232716  | name : What Every Child Needs  |  description : Written in a warm, nurturing style, this book details the nine kinds of love every child needs: security, affirmation, family, respect, play, guidance, discipline, independence and hope.
 id : 236460 ISBN : 0747551405  | name : Holes  |  description : Stanley Yelnat's family has a history of bad luck going back generations, so he is not too surprised when a miscarriage of justice sends him to Camp Green Lake Juvenile Detention Centre. Nor is he very surprised when he is told that his daily labour at the camp is to dig a hole, five foot wide by five foot deep, and report anything that he finds in that hole. The warden claims that it is character building, but this is a lie and Stanley must dig up the truth. In this wonderfully inventive, compelling novel that is both serious and funny, Louis Sachar has created a masterpiece that will leave all readers amazed and delighted by the author's narrative flair and brilliantly handled plot.
 id : 236461 ISBN : 0155161075  | name : Criminal Justice  |  description : A textbook for the introductory criminal justice course, first published in 1984 and most recently in 1990. Beyond the updating of facts, court decisions, issues, and research findings, this edition addresses the current "drug driven" nature of all phases of the criminal justice process--the result of the US "war on drugs" during the 1980s and early 1990s. Annotation copyright by Book News, Inc., Portland, OR
 id : 236463 ISBN : 0534198481  | name : The Irony of Democracy  |  description : The elites and not the masses govern our country is the theme of this affordable THOMSON ADVANTAGE BOOKS version ofTHE IRONY OF DEMOCRACY. Known for its "elitist approach" to American Government, this text presents its argument in a new context--the politics of the 21st century--including the Clinton and Bush Administrations effects on government and politics the U.S.
 id : 236465 ISBN : 0520047788  | name : Musics of Many Cultures  |  description : On ethnomusicology
 id : 236467 ISBN : 1888451637  | name : Since You Ask  |  description : From a Conneticut sanitarium, 24 year-old Betsy Scott tells her doctor a story about the destructive secrets in an outwardly successful family. Since You Ask is about the the origins of sexual compulsion, and the way in which one young woman attempts to overcome it. Born on the island of Antigua, Betsy and her brothers - the drug addict Raymond and the cool, detached Eric - are relocated to Manhatten. There, Betsy begins series of secret affairs that take her into increasingly dark situations.
 id : 236475 ISBN : 0881502170  | name : Walk to Your Heart's Content  |  description : Describes the health and fitness advantages of walking, discusses proper diet, warm-up exercises, foot care, and clothing and footwear, and describes some of the best places for both day and overnight walks
 id : 236477 ISBN : 0451519302  | name : The Pilgrim's Progress  |  description : "In John Bunyan's classic allegory, Christian abandons his family and the City of Destruction and sets off to find salvation. His path is straight but not easy, and he is beset by trials, including the terrible violence of the destructive Apollyon and the Giant Despair, as he pursues his pilgrimage through the Slough of Despond, the Delectable Mountains and Vanity Fair towards the Celestial City. In the second part of the narrative his wife, Christiana, is escorted by Great-Heart through the same difficult terrain. Written with the urgency of persecuted faith and a fiery imagination, The Pilgrim's Progress is a spiritual as well as a literary classic." "In his introduction, Roger Pooley discusses Bunyan's life and theology, as well as the text's biblical and historical backdrop, its success and critical history. This edition also includes accompanying seventeenth-century illustrations, a chronology, suggested further reading, notes and an index."--BOOK JACKET.
 id : 236478 ISBN : 0451516850  | name : Oliver Twist  |  description : The gaunt, pathetic figure of orphan Oliver being refused more gruel has become a literary and cultural icon, embedded in the national consciousness as a searing image of poverty and helplessness, dramatizing as it does the extent to which what is taken for granted at home is denied in the workhouse. Yet the novel, a powerful indictment of the workhouse, is also more than that, for even as Oliver escapes its callous grasp, he is snared by the criminal underworld of Fagin's gang. Oliver's struggle to be free of Fagin and Sikes, and his desperate search for a loving, nurturing home, express the theme that forms the real crux of the book; the poignant depiction of the evils of homelessness and its consequences. Full of vivid characterizations, biting irony and ghoulish humor, Oliver Twist is one of Dickens most enduringly popular works. The Toby Press edition of Oliver Twist is based on the Gadshill Edition of 1897, and includes Dickens's preface to the third edition. It also features an introductory essay and chronology by Professor H.M. Daleski, the former President of the International Dickens Society and formerly Chairman of the Department of English at Hebrew University. Book jacket.
 id : 236479 ISBN : 0684837234  | name : Rules of Civility  |  description : "In the early eighteenth century, a young George Washington copied out by hand 110 rules for civil behavior in a little notebook ... He carried the hand-written list throughout his life."--Jacket.
 id : 236480 ISBN : 1567310753  | name : The Relaxation and Stress Reduction  |  description : This workbook is designed to teach you the most popular stress management and relaxation techniques and exercises used today. Consider it your guide to increasing your awareness of your personal reaction to stress and building your sense of control and mastery over the stressors in your life. A basic premise of this workbook is that the benefits of relaxation and stress reduction techniques can only be fully realized after they have been practiced regularly over a period of time. Intellectual understanding of most techniques is of little value, unless accompanied by firsthand experience. Illustrated.
 id : 236482 ISBN : 0440167795  | name : Oriana  |  description : When her father dies at sea, Oriana Grey inherits his small shipping line and the farm, Greysteads
 id : 236483 ISBN : 0060638648  | name : Ruth  |  description : Provides a fictionalized account of the life of Ruth the Moabite who, after the death of her husband, refuses to desert her mother-in-law Naomi and chooses to embrace the Hebrew religion
 id : 236487 ISBN : 0688127177  | name : Mortal Sin  |  description : Miami lawyer Jake Lassiter uncovers a scheme to ruin the Everglades and begins to suspect that an environmentalist's death in a client's wine cellar was no accident. By the author of Night Vision. 35,000 first printing. Author tour.
 id : 236488 ISBN : 1880032481  | name : The Mind of God & Other Musings  |  description : This delightful, thought-provoking collection of quotes from scientists--including Stephen Hawking, Carl Sagan, Margaret Mead, Thomas Edison, Albert Einstein, and others--presents an engaging look at the spiritual side of scientific thought. Nearly 150,000 copies of the Classic Wisdom Collection have now been sold.
 id : 236490 ISBN : 0060278129  | name : The Gadget  |  description : An Army ambulance sped by. No siren, only a dome on its roof flashing red. It halted in front of the high-security Tech Area, where several men wearing silver coveralls and carrying glistening instruments rushed out. Dr. Orr and Oppenheimer walked quickly toward a rolling gurney that held a man half wrapped in an aluminum body bag. The man was shaking. Something bad had happened. Very bad. For a moment Stephen believed he was back in London. He was on the roof again, and there were bombs falling...
 id : 236493 ISBN : 0821760548  | name : Maybe Tomorrow  |  description : Leigh Evans is a hot young talent in the cutthroat world of interior design. She has made her own way in the world, unrestrained by the demands of any intimate relationship. Michael St. Claire is an arrogant property developer, notorious for his bad behavior. Together, they will find that love is a reckless game--for a heart that is open to desire is also open to danger.
 id : 236497 ISBN : 0882077716  | name : Be Mature  |  description : Perhaps of all the books in the New Testament, James most squarely focuses on results. His pull-no-punches approach to spiritual maturity, his preference for action over words, makes his text the perfect backdrop for a study of how to grow in our faith. Beloved author and teacher, Warren Wiersbe, leads you through this practical book with advice on how to overcome temptation, controlling the tongue, effective prayer, and how to practice what the Bible teaches. If you're going to make progress in these areas, you will need a growing faith and dependence on Christ because as James claims, "Every good and perfect gift is from above." Now with study questions and updated foreword by Ken Baugh, "Be Mature" makes the perfect guide through your study of James. Trust Warren Wiersbe's 40+ years of experience to instruct you on important truths from God's Word.
 id : 236498 ISBN : 0883684152  | name : Sinners in the Hands of an Angry God  |  description : Christ has thrown the door of mercy wide open, and He stands crying out to all to accept His call. Jonathan Edwards presents a clear picture of the predicament of every sinner and lukewarm Christian. Through his words, you can discover much about what it means to follow God. Edwards shows how you can know you have God's favor, avoid the tricks of the Devil, understand more about what sin really is, be an intercessor, and find your reward in heaven. With compelling words and imagery, Edwards describes the shaky position of those who do not follow Christ and God's urgent call to receive His love and forgiveness today.
 id : 236501 ISBN : 0312169949  | name : Same Place, Same Things  |  description : A collection of short stories set in Louisianna incorporate the customs and cadences of modern Cajun life with ordinary people who face extraordinary circumstances or decisions
 id : 236502 ISBN : 155166755X  | name : The Horsemaster's Daughter  |  description : The Horsemaster's Daughter by Susan Wiggs released on Jul 25, 2003 is available now for purchase.
 id : 236503 ISBN : 0890818800  | name : Creative Romance  |  description : From the author of the bestselling Creative Dating comes a new book especially for married couples. Creative Romance is a lighthearted collection of practical and outrageous ideas to help spouses keep the sizzle in their love. Hundreds of ideas for gifts, activities and getaways.
 id : 236504 ISBN : 1551667568  | name : The Hostage  |  description : On October 8, 1871, one small spark ignites the entire city of Chicago, sending its residents into panic. But amid the chaos, a chance encounter leads to an unexpected new love. Wiggs's USA Today bestselling trilogy is now reissued.
 id : 236505 ISBN : 0800756177  | name : Women and Stress  |  description : In Women and Stress, Jean Lush and Pam Vredevelt show women how to deal with stress in healthy, productive ways using practical, tried and true methods gained from research, personal experience, and case studies.
 id : 236506 ISBN : 0821773666  | name : Annie's Rainbow  |  description : Out of the blue, Annie finds a half-million dollars on the day of her college graduation. Vowing to pay the money back one day, she takes the cash and doesn't look back. Ten years later, engaged and a successful owner of a chain of elegant coffee bars, Annie begins making good on her promise to return the money with anonymous monthly payments. Then suddenly, the dark history of the money returns to haunt her and Annie is plunged into the chaos of a deadly chase, forced to use all her wits to keep her world from unraveling.
 id : 236507 ISBN : 0671621971  | name : Wanton Angel  |  description : Beautiful Bonnie McKutchen fled New York and her wealthy husband with nothing but the dress on her back. When Eli McKutchen finally found her, he was outraged to find her dancing for money in a gaudy saloon in a Washington mining town. But as his temper flared, so did his passion . . . for nothing could extinguish the blaze once Bonnie started it burning.
 id : 236508 ISBN : 087216988X  | name : At the Shores  |  description : Intrigued ever since childhood by the charm and allure of women, seventeen-year-old Jerry Engels experiences--and endures--the passions, jealousies, flirtations, and uncertainties of adolescent romance
 id : 236509 ISBN : 0300052723  | name : Last Chance High  |  description : Explores the world of the continuation high school in America, the most common form of alternative high school. Kelly analyzes the factors that limit its success and focuses on gender issues in these schools: how girls and boys slip in and out of the system, the different reasons, and consequences.
 id : 236510 ISBN : 0312956711  | name : Shades of Heaven  |  description : The selfish Hallie DiBarto is killed in a car accident, but now her soul has been displaced to the body of Marti West, a calculating and pregnant waitress who is involved a world of intrigue. Original.
 id : 236511 ISBN : 0821725726  | name : Tender Savage  |  description : The beloved author of Emerald Fire and Savage Storm, Conn takes flight again with a scorching Indian romance. When innocent Erica Hanson fled to Minnesota to escape the Civil War, she had no idea she was trading the flames of war for the fires of passion with a virile Indian brave named Viper.
 id : 236512 ISBN : 076791340x  | name : There Must Be More Than This  |  description : Explains how dependence on such habits as shopping, watching TV, and surfing the Internet can isolate people and introduces a program to overcome soft addictions to live a happier, more fulfilling life.
 id : 236514 ISBN : 207036898X  | name : A rebours  |  description : La 4e de couverture indique : "La Bible de l'esprit décadent et de la " charogne " 1900. A travers le personnage de des Esseintes, Huysmans n'a pas seulement résumé, immortalisé les torpeurs, les langueurs, les névroses vénéneuses et perverses du siècle finissant. Des Esseintes est aussi un héros kierkegaardien, à la fois grotesque et pathétique, une des plus fortes figures de l'angoisse qu'ait laissées notre littérature. Fils spirituel de René et de la génération du mal du siècle, il annonce à bien des égards le Bardamu de Céline et le Roquentin de La Nausée."
 id : 236516 ISBN : 0701209038  | name : Prepared for the Worst  |  description : A collection of the author's contributions to publications on both sides of the Atlantic, including Times Literary Supplement, The Spectator, London Review of Books and New Statesman and Society. This collection includes sections devoted to literary criticism ranging from John Le Carre to Umberto Eco, foreign reportage from Beirut to Bombay and political analysis. Hitchens has a clear left-wing stance but his writings should appeal to those interested in modern politics.
 id : 236518 ISBN : 0394413946  | name : The Wreck of the Mary Deare  |  description : In spite of himself, John Sands is drawn into a dangerous inquiry when he boards a seemingly abandoned ship
 id : 236519 ISBN : 0140084460  | name : The Salterton Trilogy  |  description : Contents: Tempest Tost, A Mixture of Frailties, Leaven of Malice.
 id : 236521 ISBN : 0060551917  | name : Panati's Parade of Fads, Follies, and Manias  |  description : One of the most troubling problems in archaeology is to determine the manner and content of prehistoric thought. A fundamental challenge is to develop the theory, methodology and tools to understand human cognition. Cognitive archaeology as a subject is still in its infancy, and archaeologists are adopting a variety of approaches--literary, linguistic, and scientific. The contributors to The Ancient Mind develop a new direction in prehistoric cognitive research that is rooted in the scientific tradition and in an empirical methodology. Together, they begin to develop a science of cognitive archaeology.
 id : 236523 ISBN : 0373263929  | name : A Grave Coffin  |  description : A note found next to a murdered police officer read, Ask Coffin. But what is John Coffin, Commander of London's Second City Police, supposed to know? The victim was investigating counterfeit pharmaceuticals and internal police corruption. As Coffin probes into his colleague's investigation, he makes a connection to the disappearance of four schoolboys.
 id : 236525 ISBN : 0881841528  | name : The Wreck of the Mary Deare  |  description : In spite of himself, John Sands is drawn into a dangerous inquiry when he boards a seemingly abandoned ship
 id : 236526 ISBN : 1575400324  | name : New Jersey Crags, New Jersey  |  description : This guide features more than 400 routes at 20+ areas throughout the state of New Jersey.
 id : 236528 ISBN : 0425053458  | name : Danse Macabre  |  description : Information on the horror phenomenon including books, movies, radio, and T.V.
 id : 236529 ISBN : 1570281440  | name : The Illustrated Guide To Snowboarding  |  description : Explains the principles of snowboarding, demonstrates basic and advanced techniques, and discusses snowboarding safety and etiquette
 id : 236530 ISBN : 0879236000  | name : The Château  |  description : Novel about a young American couple's summer in France in 1948 and their relationship with an impoverished family of aristocrats. It is 1948, and a young American couple arrive in France for a holiday, full of anticipation and enthusiasm. But the countryside and people are war-battered, and their reception at the Chateau Beaumesnil is not all the open-hearted Americans could wish for.
 id : 236531 ISBN : 0911295097  | name : Basics of Radio Control Sailplanes  |  description : Expertly written by Alan Gornick, this takes you carefully through the entire process, from choosing the type of sailplane that suits you to the final step of flying it. Describes flying techniques in easy to understand terms and offers information on the types of tools and adhesives to use during construction and finishing.
 id : 236532 ISBN : 1564403750  | name : Hiking Rocky Mountain National Park  |  description : This is the most popular and comprehensive guide to this region. Hikes include the Glacier Gorge Trail, Spectacle Lake Trail, Longs Peak Trail, Lulu City Trail, and many more.
 id : 236533 ISBN : 0385083181  | name : The Complete Beginner's Guide to Soaring and Hang Gliding  |  description : A guide to soaring and hang gliding including getting started, flying the aircraft, and the aerodynamic principles involved in each sport.
 id : 236534 ISBN : 0815604440  | name : Reflections from Canoe Country  |  description : A collection of essays on the Adirondack region, describing the author's canoeing experiences and conflicts with corporate interests that led to his involvement with lobbying efforts for the Environmental Protection Act. Touches on history and wildlife of the region, and analyzes the benefits resulting from policies promoting environmental protection. Includes bandw photos and illustrations. For general readers. No index. Annotation copyrighted by Book News, Inc., Portland, OR
 id : 236536 ISBN : 0679452516  | name : Turnaround  |  description : In a frank, gritty, autobiography, charismatic, controversial New York City police commissioner William Bratton candidly describes how his cutting-edge anti-crime strategies brought about a historic reduction in crime. NPR sponsorhsip.
 id : 236537 ISBN : 0445203188  | name : Rogue Moon  |  description : After a series of volunteers sent to the moon via matter transmitter all die in a mysterious alien formation, Al Barker, an adventurer, tries to discover the reason
 id : 236538 ISBN : 1887178058  | name : Jesuits  |  description : In this magisterial account, Jean Lacouture portrays the sweep of five hundred years of world history, from the dungeons of the Vatican to the jungles of South America to the royal courts of Europe and Asia. Jesuits: A Multibiography is history with a human face, the fascinating tales of men of the spirit who participated in the actions and passions of the modern world, a "world bursting its seams". "Be all things to all men", said the founder of the Jesuits, Ignatius of Loyola, to his followers. "Go and set the world ablaze!" The often picaresque story takes us to the Paris of Rabelais, where Ignatius, with a handful of his fellow students, formed what would become the Society of Jesus. We follow Francis Xavier to Japan and Matteo Ricci to China. We watch as the Society grows into Christendom's most powerful order, and as the "Black Legend" of a calculating, Machiavellian Jesuitry leads to its abolition in 1773 (it was restored forty years later). We see the great characters of history and culture - Pascal, Voltaire, Frederick the Great, Catherine the Great - play their parts. One of Jean Lacouture's most poignant portraits is of the twentieth century's most famous and beloved Jesuit, Pierre Teilhard de Chardin, a scientist-priest whose humanistic conclusions put him at odds with the Church. Lacouture's wide-ranging narrative illuminates Pope John XXIII's reforms and the Jesuit-inspired liberation theology movements in Central and South America. With the papacy of John Paul II, a riveting drama unfolds as the Jesuits are brought under new constraints.
 id : 236539 ISBN : 0671028103  | name : How I Got to Be This Hip  |  description : The finest pieces by Barry Farrell, one of America's preeminent journalists, are drawn together for the first time in this wise, funny, and moving collection. From first-person musings to scathing social commentary, Farrell chronicled the country's changing cultural tides from the 1960s through the '80s -- and articulated his views with unparalleled precision and insight.His peers (among them, Joan Didion, John Gregory Dunne, John McPhee, Calvin Trillin, and Norman Mailer) still regard him as one of the most talented nonfiction writers of his time. And what a time: Woodstock, the Manson murders, Allen Ginsberg's tender raging, Patty Hearst's kidnapping and trial, Gary Gilmore's execution/suicide, the LAPD's laughable botching of the Hillside Strangler case. Farrell somehow found his way to the center of all these media events, quickly separated the heroes from the charlatans, and went home to out-write every reporter on the scene.A must-read for students of writing and followers of journalism,How I Got To Be This Hipis a timeless mirror of America, as seen through the eyes of one of its most astute observers.
 id : 236540 ISBN : 1888960191  | name : The Young Lawyer's Jungle Book  |  description : Who can forget the terror of a new job? Entering an unfamiliar world, with unknown expectations, is a nerve-wracking experience. In law, the new attorney is tackling not only a new job but also a very new, very different, and exceptionally stress-filled professional life...and mountains of student debt. Each year, tens of thousands of new law graduates enter an already saturated job market...yet many are ill-prepared for survival in an ever more unforgiving, fast-paced profession. As law students, you're offered a wide array of guidebooks to succeed in law school, to excel in law exams, and to pass the bar exam. Upon entering the real world of law, however, you're are pushed back into a dark, dangerous jungle. The Young Lawyer's Jungle Book will be your guide to help you find your way to safety and career success.
 id : 236541 ISBN : 0446513385  | name : To the Vanishing Point  |  description : Calm turns to chaos in a fantastical journey of the Sonderbergs, a typical American vacationing family, who pick up an other-worldly hitchhiker and find themselves on the road to hell as time and space come apart before them
 id : 236542 ISBN : 0670839434  | name : The Friendly Dickens  |  description : You might have read him in class, but the Victorians read Charles Dickens like we watch Melrose Place, and The Friendly Dickens will show you why. It is the ultimate pop reference to the Dickensian world of shrouded sex and ostentatious death, a book that will have you running in delight to dust off your Dickens.Norrie Epstein--whose The Friendly Shakespeare was called by The New York Times "spirited, informative and provocative"--opens up Dickens's life and times in all its squalor and glory, including his rise to greatness and occasional lapses from grace. She considers his works, major and minor, in decided lively fashion, not just reading, but reading between the lines:* Was Oliver Twist's Fagin a pederast?* What made A Christmas Carol's Tiny Tim so darn tiny?* How many of Dickens's child characters met an untimely end? (Hint: plenty.)Full of humor, skepticism, and expert opinions, with eye- catching illustrations, plenty of quotes, and sidebars on nearly every page, you will quickly become a Dickens authority--even if you've never read a word.
 id : 236544 ISBN : 0446526789  | name : Midlife Irish  |  description : Exploring the themes of family love, loss, and national identity, the author describes his return to Ireland, where his deceased parents had been born, to reconnect with his own Irish identity and rediscover his own mother and father's past, as well as its links to his own future. 30,000 first printing.
 id : 236545 ISBN : 1883642329  | name : The Driftless Zone, Or, A Novel Concerning the Selective Outmigration from Small Cities  |  description : The absurdity of David Lynch and the zaniness of John Kennedy Toole-- Library Journal (starred review)
 id : 236547 ISBN : 0385301561  | name : Lone Star  |  description : Moving from Chicago to Corpus Christi, Texas, in 1944, a young Jewish girl copes with her parents' increased fighting and adopts a new lifestyle which alienates her orthodox grandfather.
 id : 236548 ISBN : 0380558300  | name : Breaking Up  |  description : While visiting her divorced father in California, Alison falls in love with her best friend's brother.
 id : 236549 ISBN : 068931521X  | name : Barry's Sister  |  description : In this study on deduction, the authors argue that people reason by imagining the relevant state of affairs, ie building an internal model of it, formulating a tentative conclusion based on this model and then searching for alternative models that might refute the conclusion.
 id : 236550 ISBN : 0316851132  | name : Consequences  |  description : A controversial politician reminisces about his twenty-five year senatorial career and offers an account of his failed nomination in 1989 for Secretary of Defense
 id : 236552 ISBN : 084670028X  | name : Your Irish Ancestors  |  description : Recounts the history of Ireland from Bronze Age to 1921. Details the origin and history of more than 300 Irish family names and their derivation.
 id : 236553 ISBN : 0711933375  | name : The Smiths  |  description : An illustrated chronology of The Smiths career. This book includes interviews and photographs, a detailed breakdown of every known performance by The Smiths, and a comprehensive discography. It also contains many previously unpublished photographs.
 id : 236554 ISBN : 0060169206  | name : Smoked  |  description : The true story of David Adkins and Burton Vincent Hebrock reveals how, in a confusing night of rage, these two young men from suburbia murdered their girlfriends with a shotgun and then blamed each other for the crime. 50,000 first printing. $50,000 ad/promo. Tour.
 id : 236555 ISBN : 3725412499  | name : Erika  |  description : Betty, a woman from Berlin, travels with a newly purchased Christmas gift, a stuffed pig she names "Erika", to visit her ex-boyfriend in Lugano.
 id : 236556 ISBN : 1559705647  | name : Hitler's Gift  |  description : Would Hitler have won the war had he not "given" the Allies Germany's most talented scientists? This is the gripping & sobering story of some of the greatest scientists of our times who, forced to flee Nazism, sought refuge in Great Britain & the United States.
 id : 236557 ISBN : 0517577518  | name : Animal Factories  |  description : This book raised a storm of controversy upon its original publication in 1980. Now authors Mason and Singer have updated their animal rights classic for the 1990s. More than 50 black-and-white photographs.
 id : 236558 ISBN : 0533129087  | name : Adolf Hitler, Mother Teresa and the Mercy of God  |  description : A pantheistic view of love, mercy, and God using the examples of Adolf Hitler and Mother Teresa. The author argues that "God is everything ... each one of us is God!" (p. x).
 id : 236565 ISBN : 0486227642  | name : Songs of Innocence  |  description : Blake's original color plates are faithfully reproduced in this illuminated edition of his early poems
 id : 236566 ISBN : 0553378228  | name : Touched  |  description : Robbie Young is an ordinary twelve-year-old boy about to drop a bombshell that will devastate his small town family. One day he rides his bike home after school, finds his mother in the kitchen making dinner, and speaks aloud the secret he's been keeping for a year, "Jerry Houseman's been touching me." Robbie has been molested and the Young family will never be the same. From that moment on, the novel unfolds with inexorable power. The story is narrated in four parts: first by Robbie's mother, then by Jerry Houseman himself, then by Houseman's wife Linda, and concluded by Robbie himself fifteen years later, when he has returned to town for a high school reunion. Each voice is remarkably persuasive and utterly convincing, and the result is a novel that is impossible to put down as it is impossible to forget.
 id : 236568 ISBN : 1582344280  | name : The Fat Girl's Guide to Life  |  description : Wendy Shanker is a fat, healthy, beautiful girl who has simply had enough. Enough of family, friends, co-workers, women's magazines, even strangers on the street, all trying (and failing) to make her thin. She finally decided, "If I can't take it off, I'm going to take it on." With a mandate to change the world-and the energy to do it-Wendy shows how media madness, corporate greed, and even the most well-intentioned loved ones prey on our shrink-to-fit minds, if not our shrink-to-fit bodies. She invites people of all sizes, shapes, and dissatisfactions to trade self-loathing for self-tolerance, celebrity worship for reality reverence, and a carb-free life for a guilt-free Krispy Kreme. Wendy explores dieting debacles, full-figured fashions, and feminist philosophy while guiding you through exercise clubs, doctor's offices, shopping malls, and even the bedroom. She believes that you can be fit and fat, even as the weight loss industry conspires to make you think otherwise. The Fat Girl's Guide to Life invites you to step off the scale and weigh the issues for yourself.
 id : 236570 ISBN : 0375727868  | name : Rolling Nowhere  |  description : In Ted Conover's first book, now back in print, he enters a segment of humanity outside society and reports back on a world few of us would chose to enter but about which we are all curious. Hoboes fascinated Conover, but he had only encountered them in literature and folksongs. So, he decided to take a year off and ride the rails. Equipped with rummage-store clothing, a bedroll, and a few other belongings, he hops a freight train in St. Louis, becoming a tramp in order to discover their peculiar culture. The men and women he meets along the way are by turns generous and mistrusting, resourceful and desperate, philosophical and profoundly cynical. And the narrative he creates of his travels with them is unforgettable and moving.
 id : 236571 ISBN : 0060921595  | name : Los Gusanos  |  description : Old and young, black and white, male and female, four generations of Cubans struggle to make a life in their adopted country, haunted by memories of their native Cuba. Reprint. $30,000 ad/promo.
 id : 236572 ISBN : 1852426586  | name : Gimme the Money  |  description : The street-wise, sexually liberated Gin has blagged and bribed her way into the decidedly insalubrious dwellings of New York for the past three years. Now, besieged by financial troubles and the need to obtain a green card, she is forced to take drastic measures in order to cling to the metropolis.
 id : 236574 ISBN : 0394580885  | name : The Invention of Truth  |  description : Paints a picture of John Ruskin, a nineteenth-century English art critic, interwoven with the life in the Middle Ages and the creation of the Bayeaux tapestry.
 id : 236575 ISBN : 0062509225  | name : The Woman's Dictionary of Symbols and Sacred Objects  |  description : "753 entries and 63 illustrations" describing "the history and mythology of woman-related symbols."
 id : 236577 ISBN : 0394556674  | name : A Taste of Astrology  |  description : For all twelve signs of the zodiac, there are 240 recipes and menus. Gormet is excerpting throughout 1988 from all 12 sections of the book--a full page in each issue with a recipe and a Lucy Ash drawing. Illustrated.
 id : 236578 ISBN : 0394571053  | name : The Fifth Child  |  description : Amid the turbulent atmosphere of the late 1960s, Harriet and David Lovatt manage to keep their family safely detached from outside turmoil--until the birth of their fifth child, who is abnormally strong, demanding, even violent
 id : 236579 ISBN : 0670030597  | name : Cationary  |  description : On the heels of her engaging and inventive "Dogtionary" comes photographer Sharon Montrose's discerning demystification of the other side of the pet world. This humorous and affectionate photographic essay features cats captured with all the idiosyncrasies their human owners have come to know and love. 90 photos.
 id : 236580 ISBN : 802385173X  | name : After the Rain - How the West Lost the East  |  description : An anthology of more than 50 articles regarding the politics, economics, geopolitics and history of countries in central and eastern Europe and the Balkans.
 id : 236582 ISBN : 0060149469  | name : The Selected Letters of Mark Twain  |  description : This text presents 25 original case studies that show working anthropologists solving problems in government and industry. The chapters are expanded versions of the 1981–1983 winning entries from the annual Praxis competition. In each chapter, the author describes the targeted problem or issue, his or her role as an anthropologist, the specific anthropological skills or knowledge used, and the results of the work. These in-depth studies demonstrate ways in which anthropological knowledge is applicable to real-life situations.The introduction, by coeditors Robert M. Wulff and Shirley J. Fiske, sets the agenda for understanding the dimensions of applied anthropology today. The editors examine the anthropologist’s role in public management and the policy process.This provocative text is a must for any introductory applied anthropology course, graduate or undergraduate, used alone as a casebook or used in conjunction with a more theoretically based applied anthropology text. It is an excellent guide for anthropologists hoping to work outside academia or the mid-career anthropologist thinking of a career switch as well as for students embarking on internships.
 id : 236586 ISBN : 1550745107  | name : Fun with Modeling Clay  |  description : In this book in the Kids Can Do It series, turn modeling clay into hours of creative fun!
 id : 236588 ISBN : 1592863590  | name : Luray  |  description : A young man from the steel-mill and coal country of western Pennsylvania accepts his first job to teach high-school English in a small northwestern Virginia county, home of the famous Luray Caverns. During his first four months, Tom finds a place to live -- a motel cabin -- owned by Becky, a widow with two daughters: Ronnie, a high-school senior, and Sandi, the older daughter. He develops friendships with a handful of teachers who become the Lunch Bunch as he is learning and refining his skills as a teacher. Tom slowly becomes enmeshed in a developing mystery surrounding his assigned teacher-mentor. Tom also finds himself falling deeply in love. Set among the beautiful mountains of the Blue Ridge, where seemingly endless summer is replaced by spectacular autumn colors, where friendly and easy-going Southerners make great food and sell homey antiques, LURAY is a story that takes the reader into the classroom of a first-year teacher and into his life. In addition, the food is good and the environment is stunningly beautiful.
 id : 236589 ISBN : 0385253737  | name : The Magic Paintbrush  |  description : A story of magic and wonder inspired by a Chinese folk tale. Full-colour throughout Nib, a young orphan, has but one wish- to paint pictures so real people will think they are alive. One night Nib rescues an old man from a gang of thugs, and receives his wish as a reward for his bravery. But Nib's dream is nearly his downfall, as a greedy king tries to take advantage of the boy's gift. Nib finally triumphs, but only after he has learned a valuable lesson.
 id : 236594 ISBN : 0886250730  | name : The Hayes Book of Amazing Experiments You Can Do at Home  |  description : Contains simple science experiments using easily obtained materials.
 id : 236596 ISBN : 0812819462  | name : How to Teach Your Baby to Swim  |  description : Offers explanations and illustrations of techniques that develop the confidence and coordination essential for learning to help parents teach their babies to swim
 id : 236597 ISBN : 340414600X  | name : Die Frauen von der Insel  |  description : Die Schwestern Innis und Biddy leben auf der idyllischen schottischen Insel Mull. Als neue Nachbarn einziehen, ändert sich ihr Leben grundlegend, denn sie verlieben sich beide in den attraktiven Michael.
 id : 236598 ISBN : 059054425X  | name : Little Star  |  description : Receiving a magical necklace from her grandmother, Little Star, who wishes she could have a horse of her own, learns that kindness and love can make her greatest dreams come true, in a story that is accompanied by a keepsake necklace.
 id : 236601 ISBN : 0553565451  | name : O'Keefe  |  description : Georgia O'Keeffe transmitted her most intimate feelings onto her canvases. But the details of her private life were zealously guarded, leaving the world to wonder: What was the inspiration, and the impetus, for her sexually charged flower paintings? What was the nature of her relationship with her much older husband Alfred Stieglitz? Why did she lie about her past and hide herself from her public? Journalist and author Jeffrey Hogrefe discloses the answers to these questions and more in this rich, fully realized portrait of the enigmatic O'Keeffe. Hoegrefe's encounter with the ninety-three-year-old artist and with Juan Hamilton, the young man she loved in her final years, evolved into an ongoing series of interviews with Hamilton that gave Hogrefe exceptional access to O'Keeffe's friends and colleagues and provided him with unique insights into her private world, as well as into Hamilton's own controversial relationship with O'Keeffe during the last fourteen years of her life. Her acerbic personality, her unconventional lifestyle, and her struggles as an artist and a woman are brought to life in this definitive biography of Georgia O'Keeffe.
 id : 236604 ISBN : 0920059171  | name : Winning Back the Words  |  description : Reconstructs debates about important issues raised at the environmental impact assessment hearings for the Alberta-Pacific bleached kraft pulp mill, using hearing transcripts, written submissions to the review Board, letters and articles from newspapers, interviews with participants, personal correspondence, and the proponent's documentation.
 id : 236605 ISBN : 0802068901  | name : Animal Rights, Human Rights  |  description : This study of the controversy surrounding the hunting of seals in the Canadian Arctic concentrates on the Inuit of Clyde River, Baffin Island, and traces the evolution of the traditional subsistence economy and social structure to the present cash economy, and the effects of animal rights movements on the Inuit culture. Extensive bibliography, maps and glossary of Inuit sealing terms.
 id : 236606 ISBN : 0582300576  | name : Contemporary Climatology  |  description : A stimulating and comprehensive guide to the nature of the earth's climate and presents a synthesis of scientific ideas about atmospheric circulation. Topics covered include: energy systems; the hydrological cycle; the general circulation; local and regional climates; applications of climate information and the use of satellite observations.
 id : 236608 ISBN : 0786705922  | name : Papa Hemingway  |  description : A close friend gives his account of the colorful life of Ernest Hemingway, reminiscing about their travels and a fourteen-year-long conversation
 id : 236609 ISBN : 0783547501  | name : Natural Gardening  |  description : Presents simple skills to bring color, action, and beauty from planning the site to selecting a diversified collection of planting to attract wildlife.
 id : 236610 ISBN : 0590057693  | name : Secret Magnets  |  description : How to find magnets hidden everywhere, plus fun experiments, tricks and games.
 id : 236611 ISBN : 0590762672  | name : Space Race  |  description : Zip, Zat, Zing, and Ray have a fun race in space. Includes related phonics activities.
 id : 236612 ISBN : 087975446X  | name : Economic and Philosophic Manuscripts of 1844  |  description : Communism as a political movement attained global importance after the Bolsheviks toppled the Russian Czar in 1917. After that time the works of Karl Marx and Frederick Engels, especially the influential Communist Manifesto (1848), enjoyed an international audience. The world was to learn a new political vocabulary peppered with "socialism," "capitalism," "the working class," "the bourgeoisie," "labor theory of value," "alienation," "economic determinism," "dialectical materialism," and "historical materialism." Marx's economic analysis of history has been a powerful legacy, the effects of which continue to be felt world-wide. Serving as the foundation for Marx's indictment of capitalism is his extraordinary work titled Economic and Philosophic Manuscripts, written in 1844 but published nearly a century later. Here Marx offers his theory of human nature and an analysis of emerging capitalism's degenerative impact on man's sense of self and his creative potential. What is man's true nature? How did capitalism gain such a foothold on Western society? What is alienation and how does it threaten to undermine the proletariat? These and other vital questions are addressed as the youthful Marx sets forth his first detailed assessment of the human condition.
 id : 236613 ISBN : 0458967904  | name : Debrett's Illustrated Guide to the Canadian Establishment  |  description : A portrait in text and photographs of Canada's twenty-one dynastic families. Includes a directory of the power-elites in business, the arts, politics, and the professions, with brief biographies and some pedigree charts.
 id : 236614 ISBN : 0929173139  | name : Beautiful Again  |  description : In this groundbreaking book, the author demonstrates camouflage techniques for hiding scars, birthmarks, vitiligo, varicose veins, and other dermatology problems. She has also developed practical solutions to problems faced by those who experience physical changes caused by medication, illness, medial treatment, or birth defects.
 id : 236617 ISBN : 080374482X  | name : The Blue Lobster  |  description : Traces the life cycle of a female lobster from the time she is hatched until her own eggs are mature.
 id : 236618 ISBN : 0690151888  | name : A Book of Flying Saucers for You  |  description : Discusses sightings of flying saucers or UFO, Unidentified Flying Objects, and possible explanations of these phenomena.
 id : 236619 ISBN : 1550370103  | name : Millicent and the Wind  |  description : About the Annikin Series: Annikins are mini books made especially for children -- small enough to fit into tiny hands and pockets. Each book measures 3 1/2" x 3 1/2" and contains full color pages. Orders for 100 units or more qualify for a handsome clear acrylic counter display. Please mark your order. Re-orders of individual titles in 20s only (Available only to retail stores -- not sold as individual books)
 id : 236620 ISBN : 155074075X  | name : Little Fingerling  |  description : A picture book for children
 id : 236622 ISBN : 0920303110  | name : Mortimer  |  description : A collection of children's books on the subject of sleep.
 id : 236623 ISBN : 053419950X  | name : Living in the Environment  |  description : Intended for environmental science, environmental biology and human ecology courses, this book is a comprehensive revision with an update of each chapter. It uses basic scientific concepts to show how global, national, and local environmental facts, problems, and possible solutions are related and discusses and evaluates opposing sides of major environmental issues and treatments. The text emphasizes energy as an integrating concept, presenting a sustainable-Earth world view and a realistically hopeful attitude. 10,000 references and 200 specialist reviewers document and support the text.
 id : 236624 ISBN : 0156013673  | name : The Snakebite Survivors' Club  |  description : Travels across America, Australia, Africa, and India in search of the most notorious snakes.
 id : 236626 ISBN : 092030351X  | name : I Have to Go!  |  description : Andrew's mother and father always ask very clearly if Andrew needs to go pee, and his answer is always, "No, no, no, no." Unfortunately, that answer never seems to last long! About the Annikin Series: Annikins are mini books made especially for children -- small enough to fit into tiny hands and pockets. Each book measures 3 1/2" x 3 1/2" and contains full color pages. Individual titles available in quantities of 20s only.
 id : 236629 ISBN : 0553081454  | name : Illusion  |  description : The Exalted classes have ruled over Vonahr and have ignored the needs of the lower classes and only realizes that this is a mistake when the red tide of the revolution sweeps aside all distinctions of rank, home, and family.
 id : 236630 ISBN : 078945338X  | name : Love  |  description : The spirited and insightful Sister Wendy B eckett, well-known for her art history series on public television, presents the many ways love has been celebrated in art since medieval times. Full color.
 id : 236633 ISBN : 0822214954  | name : The Cryptogram  |  description : THE STORY: A young boy, John, comes downstairs to tell about his upcoming trip with his dad to the family friend, Dell. Mother, Donnie, is in the kitchen making tea. Soon the three are discussing the excitement of the trip, why John can't sleep, an
 id : 236634 ISBN : 1550740857  | name : Friendship Bracelets  |  description : Provides step-by-step instructions for creating bracelets in a variety of patterns using embroidery thread.
 id : 236635 ISBN : 0679749063  | name : The Great American Novel  |  description : From the Pulitzer Prize–winning author of American Pastoral—a richly imagined novel featuring America’s only homeless big-league baseball team in history delivers “shameless comic extravagance…. Roth gleefully exploits our readiness to let baseball stand for America itself" (The New York Times). Gil Gamesh, the only pitcher who ever literally tried to kill the umpire. The ex-con first baseman, John Baal, "The Babe Ruth of the Big House," who never hit a home run sober. If you've never heard of them—or of the homeless baseball team the Ruppert Mundys—it's because of the Communist plot, and the capitalist scandal, that expunged the entire Patriot League from baseball memory. In this ribald, wickedly satiric novel, Roth turns baseball's status as national pastime and myth into an occasion for unfettered picaresque farce, replete with heroism and perfidy, ebullient wordplay and a cast of characters that includes the House Un-American Activities Committee.
 id : 236638 ISBN : 0440200687  | name : The El Dorado Adventure  |  description : Traveling to Central America to inspect her real estate holdings, seventeen-year-old Vesper tries to stop a villain from building a canal which would destroy an Indian tribe's homeland.
 id : 236639 ISBN : 0812056779  | name : Little Owl and the Tree House  |  description : Little Owl gets his own tree house and then is flooded out of it.
 id : 236640 ISBN : 0440482267  | name : The Shadow Guests  |  description : Cosmo Curtoys returns to England following the strange disappearance of his mother and brother in Australia and is visited by the shadow guests--ghost-like figures from his family's past.
 id : 236641 ISBN : 0340730641  | name : Ghosts  |  description : An exploration of the shadowy world of ghosts. It looks at poltergeists, hauntings, ghouls, phantoms of the living, the ouija board, ghost hunting, scientific proof of survival after death and the true meaning of Hallowe'en.
 id : 236643 ISBN : 0688123872  | name : Paul Revere's Ride  |  description : The famous narrative poem recreating Paul Revere's midnight ride in 1775 to warn the people of the Boston countryside that the British were coming.
 id : 236644 ISBN : 2070386538  | name : La cantatrice chauve  |  description : Tout le monde la connaît. Peu peuvent l'expliquer. C'est ce que fait à merveille Emmanuel Jacquart, éditeur du Théâtre de Ionesco dans la Bibliothèque de la Pléiade. Il commence par retracer l'historique, la genèse de la pièce, à partir de " L'anglais sans peine " de la méthode Assimil. Les répliques se sont naturellement assemblées, et l'ensemble a produit ce que l'auteur appelle une " anti-pièce " une vraie parodie de pièce, sans ambition idéologique particulière. Dans cet illustre chef-d'oeuvre, l'esprit de dérision prend le contre-pied de la tradition. Une série de sketches désopilants jusqu'au dénouement tonitruant et digne des surréalistes, telle est la pièce dont nous étudions les secrets en la replaçant dans la tradition de l'antitradition, de la modernité en évolution. C'est désormais, dans un format élégant et maniable, la version de référence de " La Cantatrice chauve ".
 id : 236645 ISBN : 0762400005  | name : Art of Color Calligraphy  |  description : Provides step-by-step instructions for applying color techniques to traditional calligraphy.
 id : 236646 ISBN : 0890877718  | name : Dr. Susan Lark's Menstrual Cramps Self Help Book  |  description : Includes recipes, charts for menstrual history, exercises, and many other self-help treatment options.
 id : 236647 ISBN : 0671421840  | name : The Micro Millennium  |  description : Predicting that the computer revolution will be much farther-reaching than the Industrial Revolution, Evans demystifies the computer and demonstrates how the availability of microprocessors will radically affect modern life.
 id : 236649 ISBN : 0195410599  | name : Resource and Environmental Management in Canada  |  description : Conflict and uncertainty are the basic themes of Resource and Environmental Management in Canada 2/e. Different understandings, values, interests, and contexts lead to varying preferences regarding goals and objectives, alternative interpretations of information and evidence, and variousideas regarding appropriate strategies and actions. Indeed, resource and environmental management often seem to centre upon the resolution of conflict generated by differing regional, sectoral, substantive, or ideological perspectives. Uncertainty is also a basic feature of resource andenvironmental management. Nevertheless, decisions must be made, even when analysts and managers are not at all sure about future or present conditions. The twin focus on conflict and uncertainty is a reminder that there are rarely perfect solutions to complex problems, but rather a mix ofimperfect responses from which we must choose.In this second edition, all twelve chapters in the first edition have been revised, some quite significantly. Also, there are five new chapters that deal with First Nations, gender relationships, free trade, fisheries management on the East Coast, and tensions between hinterland and heartlandareas.
 id : 236650 ISBN : 1896764193  | name : Women Working the NAFTA Food Chain  |  description : In this collection of research, contributors from Canada, the US and Mexico take a critical look at how NAFTA is affecting the working and living conditions of women workers in the continental food system.
 id : 236651 ISBN : 0896086070  | name : Stolen Harvest  |  description : A devastating expose of what the globalized agricultural industry is doing to our land and our food.
 id : 236652 ISBN : 8879891413  | name : Destra e sinistra  |  description : Contributi di: Pietro Polito.
 id : 236653 ISBN : 076455297X  | name : Dreams For Dummies  |  description : What do dreams mean? Where do they come from? Why do they occur? Dreams For Dummies® examines these fascinating questions and provides clear answers and insight into the topic. You will increase your dream recall, learn different ways to keep a dream journal, discover where dream content comes from, and more -- all in one easy-to-understand reference guide. A dream interpretation checklist and dictionary of symbols gives you the tools to analyze their dreams and apply that understanding to your waking life, leading to reduced stress and greater creative capacity. Dreams For Dummies® will help you wake up to the fun and easy way to get the most out of their dreams!
 id : 236655 ISBN : 0888944411  | name : The Art of Emily Carr  |  description : Emily Carr (1871-1945) traveled to remote regions for inspiration for her art, vibrantly chronicling the rich culture of Northwest indigenous people and the dense forest of the West Coast. Carr's spiritually infused work was controversial in its day; today she is considered a master of the style. This book reflects more than a decade of meticulous research and includes reproductions of over 200 paintings, charcoals, and drawings, as well as extensive quotes from the artist, who was also a writer.
 id : 236656 ISBN : 0792229525  | name : Whales, Dolphins, and Porpoises  |  description : Looks at the history and future of whales and dolphins, and describes their behavior
 id : 236658 ISBN : 0553212893  | name : Antony and Cleopatra  |  description : A romantic tragedy about the relationship between Mark Antony and the Queen of Egypt
 id : 236659 ISBN : 0517586266  | name : Merry Christmas  |  description : A festive offering of best-loved holiday thoughts and songs--from Louisa May Alcott and Charles Dickens to Sir Walter Scott and Washington Irving. Their touching sentiments connect us to a simpler side of Christmas and to memories of childhood. Decorated with colorful Victorian Christmas cards and other charming 19th-century illustrations. Four-color illustrations.
 id : 236660 ISBN : 0754804461  | name : Bookworks  |  description : -- THE ANCIENT ART OF BOOKBINDING BROUGHT INTO CONTEMPORARY FOCUS WITH 25 ORIGINAL STEP-BY-STEP PROJECTS -- A COMPREHENSIVE GUIDE TO THE BASIC MATERIALS, EQUIPMENT AND TECHNIQUES YOU WILL NEED IN ORDER TO MASTER THIS CLASSIC CRAFT -- THE STUNNING CREATIONS OF CONTEMPORARY ARTISTS WILL INSPIRE AND MOTIVATE YOU TO MAKE BOOKS AND ALBUMS TO TREASURE FOREVER -- FABULOUS PROJECTS FOR SPECIAL OCCASIONS INCLUDE A FLORAL WEDDING ALBUM, A SCENTED CHRISTENING BOOK AND AN EXOTIC TRAVELOGUE
 id : 236661 ISBN : 1552090450  | name : Emily Carr  |  description : Grade level: 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, e, i, s.
 id : 236662 ISBN : 1550544748  | name : Beloved Land  |  description : One of Canada's best known and best loved artists, Emily Carr's passionate nature paintings have been compared to those of Georgia O'Keeffe, Edvard Munch and Vincent van Gogh. She was also a popular writer whose engaging books are still widely read. The 40 full-colour paintings chosen for Beloved Land: The World of Emily Carr from the collection of the Vancouver Art Gallery are among Emily Carr's most popular, and they are accompanied by short quotations from her writing. The introduction by Robin Laurence presents revealing insights into the life of this unconventional and gifted woman.
 id : 236663 ISBN : 3822859753  | name : Joan Miró  |  description : Modernism.
 id : 236664 ISBN : 0831716819  | name : Concise Illustrated Book of Reptiles  |  description : This book describes 40 species of reptile from North America and Europe, including tortoises, turtles and terrapins, lizards, crocodiles, and snakes. Each entry provides information on the reptile's distribution, description and size, as well as describing its way of life. An artwork and a photograph also accompany each entry.
 id : 236665 ISBN : 0312930364  | name : The Memory of Earth  |  description : Malfunctioning due to its own failing system, the Oversaul, an artificial intelligence caring for the colonists on the planet Harmony, could bring about catastrophic war on the planet unless someone repairs it. 100,000 first printing.
 id : 236670 ISBN : 2894503342  | name : Caillou I Like to Play  |  description : In response to unprecedented demand, Chouette is very pleased to launch a series of Caillou coloring books. Featuring Caillou, his friends, and his family doing all the things he loves best, these books offer children hours of fun and the chance to bring Caillou and his world to life in the colors of their choice!
 id : 236671 ISBN : 0140365265  | name : Hitler  |  description : A biography of the struggling Austrian artist who rose from obscurity to power as the leader of the Nazi party and, later, the German nation and whose ambitions led the world to war.
 id : 236675 ISBN : 0192719025  | name : Three Blind Eyes  |  description : Lucy lives with her father in Southwark. All is well until his gambling losses escalate to the extent where he has to give the house over to a criminal gang, who take over while he and Lucy are allowed to stay in a room upstairs. One of the gang, the Duke, is a frightening man with one blind eye and one glass eye. He decides to use Lucy as a guide, leading him from house to house. Meanwhile, one of the other tenants of the house threatens to expose the gang's activities, and is found strangled in his room the next morning. The gang manage to point the finger of blame at Lucy's father. Lucy and her friend, Tom, manage to find a way of clearing Lucy's father and getting out of this horrible situation, and all ends happily. A wonderfully atmospheric thriller, set in London in the first half of the nineteenth century, combining an exciting murder mystery plot with strong period detail, Dickensian characters, and a real sense of everyday life among poor people in Southwark.
 id : 236676 ISBN : 0345385055  | name : Older and Wiser  |  description : A TREASURY FOR THE AGES Words of wisdom are like wine: they improve with age. Now, for some classic quotes from some classy characters--vintage all--turn to Older and Wiser. Inside you'll find a delightful, insightful collection of pointed observations and clever comments, each of which has passed the test of time, as spoken by contemporary and historical figures at 60 years of age or older. From Mae West to Mao Tse Tung, from Benjamin Franklin to George Burns, these accomplished and enlightened individuals are our eyewitnesses to history, our windows on the past and the future. And there's not a retiring mind among them! "I am ready to meet my Maker. Whether my Maker is prepared for the great ordeal of meeting me is another matter." --Winston Churchill "Sixty years ago I knew everything; now I know nothing; education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance." --Will Durant "Old age is like everything else. To make a success of it, you've got to start young." --Fred Astaire "An archaeologist is the best husband any woman can have; the older she gets, the more interested he is in her." --Agatha Christie
 id : 236677 ISBN : 1567185150  | name : Nostradamus, 1999  |  description : Arranges a total of 181 quatrains in their original sequence to give a "picture of what the new millenium may bring."
 id : 236678 ISBN : 0333628020  | name : Just William - as Seen on TV.  |  description : The six stories on which each episode of the BBC1 six-part series is based. Complete and unabridged, with the original Thomas Henry illustrations, the stories are taken from “ William the Outlaw” , “ William the Good” , “ William`s Happy Days” , and “ William the Gangster” .
 id : 236679 ISBN : 0844226793  | name : Teach Yourself Dream Interpretation  |  description : Dreams can be the key to better understanding ourselves and our relationships. Teach Yourself Dream Interpretation is an easy-to-navigate reference designed to help you identify and appreciate the roles of specific types of dreamsand use them to attain success in your life. A comprehensive A-to-Z glossary of symbols allows fast access to the meanings of dreams. Case studies and "Food for Thought" boxes appear throughout.
 id : 236681 ISBN : 0772516154  | name : Klee Wyck  |  description : Klee Wyck is published by Fitzhenry and Whiteside.
 id : 236683 ISBN : 1551112388  | name : Biodiversity in Canada  |  description : Biodiversity in Canada tackles the formidable and critically important issues of our natural resources and wilderness.
 id : 236684 ISBN : 1852137665  | name : Pipe Down, Prudle!  |  description : Designed to build reader confidence. Humorous story of Prudle the talkative parrot who becomes the heroine of the hour. 5-8 yrs.
 id : 236685 ISBN : 0140314121  | name : The Ha Ha Bonk Book  |  description : Gathers riddles, jokes and humorous poems about animals, school, sports, and brothers and sisters
 id : 236686 ISBN : 0155067230  | name : Human Evolution and Prehistory  |  description : This book offers a comprehensive and balanced presentation on views of the human evolution and prehistory. It focuses on selected aspects of physical anthropology and prehistoric archaeology as they relate to the origin of humanity, the origin of culture, and the development of human biological and cultural diversity. Haviland's commitment to challenging student ethnocentrism is continued and reinforced in this new edition.
 id : 236687 ISBN : 0875425771  | name : Druids  |  description : Discover the beauty of their ancient religion and power of their magic, when you read "The Truth About the Druids" by Tadhg MacCrossan. The word "Druid" evokes images of ancient wizards and wonder-workers from old Irish sagas or Welsh legends. The Druids have been credited as engineers of Stonehenge and the shamans of pre-Celtic Western Europe. Some believe they may have even been the priests of the Lost Tribes of ancient Israel. Others have credited them with Pythagorean philosophy, Cabala, mysteries of the Goddess, Buddhism, Runes, and Wicca. But these popular characterizations are not accurate representations of factual history. Just who, then, were the Druids? What did they teach? What did they do? "The Truth About the Druids" answers these questions and many more. You will learn: -The oral tradition and the Druidic class -Celtic origins -Celtic religion and mythology -Druidic festivals and clothing -Celtic magic -Neo-druidism since the 1700s -The future of Druidism "The Truth About the Druids "is much more than just a history. It also shows how the Earth-honoring tradition of the Druids is being revived all over the world. Now you can travel back to an ancient time in old Ireland before Patrick came to spread the religion of the Latin language. Find out just how you can use the time-honored beliefs on your spiritual path. Filled with legends and lore, factual history, and myth, "The Truth About the Druids" will help you find new ways to enhance your spirituality, improve your relationship with the Earth, and build your link to the Divine. Get "The Truth About the Druids" today.
 id : 236689 ISBN : 0807020060  | name : The Spirit's Terrain  |  description : A former Greenpeace spokesperson and activist offers a way to draw on creative spirit and change the world. Blending the worlds of Deepak Chopra and Ralph Nader, "The Spirit's Terrain" explains how to access deep components of creativity, such as intuition, conscious and unconscious visualization, creative discomfort, and true compassion, to reach our highest goals.
 id : 236691 ISBN : 0198506740  | name : Pandora's Picnic Basket  |  description : The first book to look at all the issues involved in GM (genetically modified food) technology in a clear and dispassionate way. Alan McHughen surveys the technology that makes GM food possible, assesses the risk of health and environmental dangers and the regulatory and labelling processes in force to protect the consumer. Question and answer boxes and case histories, and the author's easy writing style make this an essential purchase for all those interested in the debate. - ;Are you concerned about fish genes in tomatoes? Worried that brazil nut genes in soybeans can result in potentially lethal allergic reactions? That rapeseed plants bred to be resistant to herbicides could become uncontrollable superweeds? You are not alone. The issue of genetically modified foods has fast become one of the most debated of recent years, with scientists and companies seeking to develop the technology on one side, and consumer groups and environmentalists on the other. However, in spite of the great heat generated by the debate, there is very little real information on the subject, either about the technologies in use or about the regulatory processes established to approve the processes and the products. This book sets out to explain, in clear and direct language, the technologies underlying so-called genetically modified food, and compares them with other "natural" methods of plant breeding and production. The author then looks at the safeguards in place from regulators around the world and asks whether these are sufficient. The question of labelling, held by some to be an obvious way out for concerned consumers, is examined, and the honesty and usefulness of some of these labels addressed. The book then looks at issues of real concern, particularly environmental issues, and ways in which a consumer can seek to avoid GMOs if they so choose. In each chapter, key topics are addressed through question and answer boxes. Real case histories illustrate the development and regulation of GMOs, and by the end of the book the reader will be able to make an informed choice about whether to support or challenge this technology, the products of which are increasingly pervasive. -
 id : 236692 ISBN : 1891867148  | name : Subway Series  |  description : Subway Series follows Tina, a frustrated sixteen-year-old city girl, and her dealings with two boyfriends and a former friend.
 id : 236693 ISBN : 1860497942  | name : Bombers and Mash  |  description : Women of Britain, Your Country Needs You!' Bombers and Mash tells the story of the Second World War on the domestic home front. It takes us from the kitchen to the nursery showing how women managed without almost everything from potato peelers, prams, food, fuel, transport, cosmetics to men. These women coped with rationing, evacuation, separation from families, long hours of work in factories, hospitals and on the land. Through it all, they kept the nation fed on ingeniously nutritious and economical meals - hundreds of the best, and some of the worst, are included here. Moving and fascinating, this is both an illustrated social history and a cookery book offering a remarkable picture of the deprivation and drama of the women's war.
 id : 236695 ISBN : 0688052916  | name : Staying Married...and Loving It!  |  description : Marriage is not an end--it's a beginning. Yet, despite commitment, care, and communication, a marriage will sometimes falter. When it does, the good news is that it can be made wonderful again. Following her landmark Getting to "I Do", Patricia Allen, the "Love Doctor" to over five thousand happily married couples, shares her proven methods for making a marriage come alive with love, passion, intimacy, and openness. Dr. Allen's methods are so simple and basic as to be revolutionary. In each of us there is masculine energy, which leads, provides, and cherishes; and feminine energy, which follows, respects, and responds, sexually and lovingly. In a modern marriage, where freedom of choice can be perplexing, these energies must blend and flow together. They must complement each other; they must not compete. Once we acknowledge our individual energies and learn to communicate appropriately the ground is set for a truly satisfying marriage--physically, mentally, and emotionally.
 id : 236697 ISBN : 0965766624  | name : The Relationship Toolbox  |  description : Contains 70 universal tools that you can use to deepen your personal relationships, enhance your marriage or liven up your love life. Use these tools to create changes in yourself or use them to motivate changes in your partner.
 id : 236698 ISBN : 080549054X  | name : The Healthy Marriage Handbook  |  description : Answers more than 200 important questions regarding marriage issues, with contributions from Joyce and Clifford Penner, John Trent, Philip Yancey, and many other leading Christian writers.
 id : 236699 ISBN : 0679768718  | name : The Madness of King George  |  description : "When George III's behaviour begins to seem odd, even for Royalty, the collapse of government is imminent. The King is subjected to the horrors of eighteenth-century medicine, the Ministers scrabble to remain in office and the Prince of Wales prepares to take power. An exploration of the nature of kingship, the screenplay for The Madness of King George is based on the successful stage play, The Madness of George III. The Madness of George III by Alan Bennett - later adapted into the Oscar-winning film The Madness of King George - is an exploration of the court of a mad king, and the fearful treatments he was forced to undergo."--AbeBooks.com."
 id : 236700 ISBN : 156179905X  | name : The Marriage Masterpiece  |  description : B & T County 1-8-2001 $23.95.
 id : 236701 ISBN : 1582611351  | name : Jack Buck  |  description : In his forthright and honest autobiography, St. Louis Cardinal, World Series, and Super Bowl broadcaster Jack Buck entertains all of his fans once more in a different setting. Jack Buck: "That's a Winner!" does more than entertain, however. It provides readers with an inside look at a man they have listened to so often, they consider him part of the family.
 id : 236702 ISBN : 0670386731  | name : Humpty Dumpty  |  description : Though all the king's men can't get Humpty Dumpty back together after his fall, the reader is given an opportunity to do so.
 id : 236703 ISBN : 0802409466  | name : Authentic Marriages  |  description : With a team of supporters at their side, every married couple can grow deeper and stronger in their love for each other. This book explains the philosophy of marriage accountability groups and includes practical guidelines for forming and participating in one.
 id : 236704 ISBN : 157912268X  | name : World Series, Revised  |  description : The richest volume ever compiled on the subject, this lavishly illustrated tribute to a century of baseball's Fall Classic features anecdotes, lore, historic photos-and all of the stats fans cherish. Newly revised and fully updated through the 2002 season, THE WORLD SERIES combines lively discussion with thorough statistics to tell the story of every World Series ever played, from the 1903 battle between the Pittsburgh Pirates and the Detroit Tigers to the Subway Series of 2000 that pitted the Yankees against the Mets as well as the eagerly awaited battle for the pennant in October 2002. The author's historical research uncovers all the little-known facts and stories from each game, along with baseball legends and unforgettable moments. In addition, detailed box scores and line scores include the statistics that baseball fans covet, with every number for every player who ever appeared in a World Series game. Beautiful photographs bring every game to life, illustrating the evolution of the game.
 id : 236705 ISBN : 0953589501  | name : Hard Shoulder  |  description : Here are strong, young fictions that deal with the spectrum of life across the city of Birmingham, putting it firmly on the literary map. 'Earnest, vigorous, compelling urban fictions which resituate timeless themes by exploring them in the wrap of our own era. Here we meet father and daughter, brother and sister, women frineds, Asian, Black and White, dreamers and runners, inshort, a panoply of the young who, materially poor, are rich in passion, in action and in language. English is reinvigorated in these recreations of lives.' Joan Michelson.
 id : 236706 ISBN : 0830816828  | name : The Journey  |  description : Peter Kreeft invites seekers to accompany Socrates on the search for truth. With sharp questions and canny wit he will coach you past the winsome, the wily and the half-wise spin-doctors of error who populate the ancient byways. In classic Kreeftian style, this narrative entertains even as it provides a convincing apologetic.
 id : 236710 ISBN : 0752847953  | name : Precious Time  |  description : In order to spend more time with her four-year-old son Ned, Clara Costello trades in her secure, well-paid job and two-seater sports car for a camper van called Winnie, and the three of them set off on a mystery tour of England. Of course, her friends and family think she's gone mad. But when they arrive in Deaconsbridge, a small market town on the edge of the Peak District, Clara and Ned become drawn into the lives of the locals. Two in particular seem destined to get under Clara's skin: Gabriel Liberty, a cranky widower who terrifies his family; and Archie Merryman, a local dealer in second-hand furniture who possesses a heart of gold. Then Clara finds herself having to confront a problem much closer to home, and one she had hoped she would never have to face...
 id : 236712 ISBN : 0575061197  | name : Inside the Magic Rectangle  |  description : This work presents a collection of Victor Lewis-Smith's TV reviews from the Evening Standard, which provide a humorous appraisal of the best and worst programs.
 id : 236714 ISBN : 2226078762  | name : Les catilinaires  |  description : " Ma femme et moi, nous pensions avoir atteint le port. Personne ne viendrait déranger notre solitude dans ce coin perdu au fond de la forêt. Mais il ne faut jamais se croire hors de danger: l'ennemi guettait, en la personne de notre voisin. Méfiez-vous des voisins, surtout s'ils se taisent avec autant d'obstination que Palamède Bernardin ".
 id : 236715 ISBN : 2844850200  | name : Le droit à la paresse  |  description : Une étrange folie possède les classes ouvrières des nations où règne la civilisation capitaliste. Cette folie traîne à sa suite des misères individuelles et sociales qui, depuis deux siècles, torturent la triste humanité. Cette folie est l'amour du travail, la passion moribonde du travail, poussée jusqu'à l'épuisement des forces vitales de l'individu et de sa progéniture.
 id : 236717 ISBN : 2840984776  | name : Je suivrai partout l'assassin de mon fils  |  description : Une nuit d'hiver, en 1994, dans un bar de Strasbourg, un jeune homme de trente-quatre ans est froidement abattu de six balles dans le dos. Règlement de comptes ? Non. Une simple dispute qui tourne mal. Quelques jours plus tôt Alain Burlet a vertement reproché à un petit dealer du quartier de ne vendre que la mort. Ce dernier a promis de se venger. Le 14 février, le dealer tient parole : il entre dans le bar, met en joue Alain et vide son chargeur sans dire un mot... L'enquête piétine. La justice s'enlise. Le meurtrier aurait fui au Portugal. On a tendance à laisser tomber... Seule une femme refuse la fatalité. On a tué son fils ! Commence alors pour Frieda Burlet une longue traque qui la mène des bas-fonds de Strasbourg à la campagne portugaise. Armée d'un pistolet et d'une colère implacable, cette ancienne funambule que la vie n'a guère ménagée n'entend pas lâcher une seconde celui qui lui a ravi son enfant. JE SUIVRAI PARTOUT L'ASSASSIN DE MON FILS : un récit haletant pour une histoire vraie digne d'un roman noir..
 id : 236719 ISBN : 0735512418  | name : Civil Procedure  |  description : This edition of the best-selling civil procedure casebook retains the flexible organization, manageable length, and accessible style that earned it the number one position in the field while incorporating a wealth of new material. Refined through years of classroom use, Yeazell's CIVIL PROCEDURE has been proven effective in explaining the procedural system and demonstrating its application in practice. Yeazell builds on the strengths that make the casebook so popular: the text is accessible to students, without being oversimplified. an overview of the system And The ways in which the Rules shape it. Designed for teachability, The book offers a clear organization, concisely edited cases chosen for their suitability for first-year students, and textual notes that introduce each section and highlight connections between class material and practical problems. Manageable length (just 1050 pages) allows coverage of complex material in a limited number of hours and lets instructors supplement with collateral readings without overloading students. Flexible structure allows instructors to teach topics in any order they prefer. Companion Statutory and Case Supplement contains necessary documents and is updated annually.
 id : 236720 ISBN : 3800026139  | name : Die Schwerter der Prophezeiung  |  description : Geraten die 5 Schwerter der Macht in falsche Hände, ist die Welt dem Untergang geweiht. Um dies zu verhindern, machen sich Hemi und Kiki mit einigen Helfern auf die gefahrvolle Reise durch verschiedene Welten, um die Waffen zusammenzuführen.
 id : 236721 ISBN : 0670836206  | name : Gate of the Tigers  |  description : When an American employee of a Tokyo computer firm is murdered, Lieutenant Mori of the Japanese police and Ludlow, a cynical CIA free-lancer, reluctantly team up to solve the crime. A first novel. 50,000 first printing. $50,000 ad/promo.
 id : 236722 ISBN : 0972416617  | name : Feel No Evil  |  description : Legal Thriller--Samantha Armstrong, a young college co-ed, is stalked by a man who knows her deepest, darkest secret.
 id : 236724 ISBN : 1591292255  | name : Timeless Journey  |  description : Timeless Journeys entwines the lives of two courageous women living in different eras. Both heroines forge westward and defeat their insecurities, one gaining insight and great resolve from the other's experiences. The adventure begins as Erika, of the twentieth century, escapes her existence as a successful, yet unfilled attorney, to seek new life direction. In her path, she happens upon a quaint and not-yet-open Bed and Breakfast in Idaho. Hidden in an antique carriage in a barn behind the inn, she discovers the dusty and yellowing diary of Charlotte, dated 1821. The diary's first entry finds Charlotte in Boston, where she and her brother alone face their mother's death. From a nave and innocent teenager, Charlotte transforms into a great woman of the frontier. She discovers love and companionship, and confronts innumerable challenges. Erika draws emotional fortitude from the pages and becomes empowered to overcome her own obstacles. As Erika profited from Charlotte's wisdom, women readers today will draw,strength from the pages of Timeless Journeys.
 id : 236725 ISBN : 0446514454  | name : A Hand in the Darkness  |  description : A Soviet Jew describes her sixteen-year battle to leave the USSR and emigrate to Israel, detailing the frustration, imprisonment, exile, and hardships that she experienced during that struggle
 id : 236728 ISBN : 1586635808  | name : How to Read a Person Like a Book  |  description : The body never lies. A tilt of the head, a crossing or uncrossing of the legs, even the buttoning or unbuttoning of a jacket, can speak pages about what a person is thinking or feeling about his or her immediate surroundings and situation. In the pages of How to Read a Person Like a Book readers will find how to: detect and send messages of friendliness, flirtation, and more, gain and maintain the upper hand in negotiations and arguements, determine whether the person you're talking to is lying, recognize boredom and overcome defensiveness, and see through gestures meant to disguise feelings, as well as those that contain a double message.
 id : 236730 ISBN : 0688065651  | name : Deadly Blessing  |  description : Chronicles the life and death of Price Daniel, Jr., scion of Texas aristocrats, groomed to follow in his father's political footsteps, who met his death at the hands of his second wife, a former local Dairy Queen waitress
 id : 236731 ISBN : 0671601008  | name : The Fortune  |  description : When Arthur Bannerman, a controversial and wealthy man, dies and leaves his young widow, Alexa Walden, his entire fortune, the Bannerman family is split apart
 id : 236732 ISBN : 1559501847  | name : Still at Large  |  description : They get away with murder. Every year in America, more than 5,000 killers elude police. And most of the notorious murderers who slip the grip of the law commit the same crime again & again, leaving the grisliest of signatures. In Still At Large, master of the crime encyclopedia Michael Newton (author of Hunting Humans, Bad Girls Do It!, Holy Homicide, Cop Killers, Killer Cops, & Black Collar Crimes) recounts chilling tales of unsolved serial murder. So you think you'll never be the victim of a serial murderer? Don't be so sure. The killers in this book could be lurking in your neighborhood, your office, & even your home. Watch out, because they're Still At Large...
 id : 236735 ISBN : 1576738809  | name : A Prince Among Them  |  description : What happens when a kidnapped infant prince crosses paths with a childless couple? God's overwhelming providence is revealed.
 id : 236737 ISBN : 1555471161  | name : The Money Burn  |  description : A bored parole officer with three parolees concocts a plan to rob millions in paper money being returned to the Treasury for destruction.
 id : 236739 ISBN : 0964629100  | name : The Dimensional Structure of Consciousness  |  description : Written for both the layman and the professional, this may be the long-awaited revolution in physical science.
 id : 236740 ISBN : 0525933964  | name : To Die for  |  description : Tells the story of a young woman who arranges the cold-blooded murder of her husband.
 id : 236741 ISBN : 067103989X  | name : Willow  |  description : Willow De Beers discovers the identity of her birth family and sets out for Palm Beach to see them for herself.
 id : 236742 ISBN : 051510440X  | name : The Secret Families  |  description : Distinguished spy Railton suffers an attack on his reputation when, following his death, witnesses and documents surface claiming that Railton had in fact been a double agent working for the Soviets
 id : 236743 ISBN : 1886284172  | name : Hockey for Everybody  |  description : Retired Boston Bruins' scoring machine Cam Neely gives fans insights into the world of professional hockey and offers tips for young players who aspire to be the best they can.
 id : 236744 ISBN : 1580627757  | name : Baby Miracles  |  description : The authors amaze and delight with stories about remarkable miracle babies such as Leah, who was born without a brain but was saved by medical science and love, and Jasmin, who fell seven stories into a passerby's arms.
 id : 236745 ISBN : 0836250893  | name : Stirring Sip of Chicken Soup for the Soul  |  description : In this book, readers can discover information about kissing.
 id : 236746 ISBN : 2070423158  | name : L'invité  |  description : Connaissez-vous Oswald Hendryks Cornelius ? Ce grand voyageur, amateur d'araignées et d'Opéra italien, collectionneur de cannes, souffrant d'une phobie des microbes, et surtout séducteur invétéré ? Voici quelques pages du ,journal de cet étonnant personnage : lors d'un voyage en Egypte, à la suite de nombreuses péripéties, Oswald est invité à séjourner dans un somptueux château au beau milieu du désert du Sinaï. Et qui dit château, dit princesse à séduire... mais à quel prix ! Un texte plein de fantaisie et d'humour noir par un maître de l'insolite.
 id : 236747 ISBN : 0950352713  | name : Alice's Diary  |  description : This is the personal diary of a six-year-old tabby cat named Alice. She writes of her relationship with the human beings with whom she shares her life (described as the Upright in Trousers and the Upright who wears a Skirt), and everything that happens to her and half sister, Thomasina.
 id : 236748 ISBN : 0531103447  | name : Terrorism  |  description : Discusses various forms of terrorism from the execution of Marie Antoinette in the late eighteenth ventury to the increasingly serious problem that terrorism poses for the entire world community today.
 id : 236750 ISBN : 1590889940  | name : The Vivandiere  |  description : Shot and left for dead, Abigail O'Connor has lost her father, her home, and is about to lose her life, until Major Malcolm MacInnes arrives to save her. The handsome cavalry officer brings new hope to her shattered heart, but then she discovers he is engaged, and her dreams are dashed. Determined to make a new life for herself, she decides to join the army, and enlists as a private--a vivandiere. But she cannot forget the handsome major who still resides in her heart, especially now--since she is under his command...
 id : 236751 ISBN : 0345319028  | name : Black Star Rising  |  description : When an alien spaceship demands a conference with the President of the United States, the Chinese rulers of North and South America send them a rice grower from Mississippi instead
 id : 236753 ISBN : 0812519884  | name : The Well-Favored Man  |  description : Members of the ruling Phesaotois clan must put aside winemaking and family intrigue when their realm is invaded by plagues of monsters, and some high-tech aliens show up asking questions. Reprint.
 id : 236754 ISBN : 0723232881  | name : The Complete Adventures of Tom Kitten and His Friends  |  description : Presents five stories about Tom Kitten and his sisters, two kindly but imprudent shopkeepers, and Cousin Ribby.
 id : 236755 ISBN : 0717284980  | name : Disney's Year Book 1996  |  description : Contains short articles on a variety of topics plus excerpts from several Disney stories.
 id : 236756 ISBN : 0689814860  | name : Why is the Sky Blue?  |  description : Although he wants to learn all that wise old Donkey knows, Rabbit cannot sit still to listen to the answers to his questions, but in the end he teaches Donkey some new things.
 id : 236757 ISBN : 0749706244  | name : Bye Bye Baby  |  description : The story of a baby who is sad and sets off one day in search of a mummy. He meets many people and animals who refuse to become his mummy, but offer to help him in his search. They find a lady who has no baby and she agrees to be the baby's mummy. Then the search begins for a daddy.
 id : 236760 ISBN : 0517580446  | name : The Edge  |  description : A cat-and-mouse game between Detective Sandy Mansfield and a serial killer in Washington. By the artistic way the killer cuts his victim, Sandy suspects a surgeon. By the author of Blood Race.
 id : 236761 ISBN : 0425123111  | name : California Countdown  |  description : CHILDREN'S BOOKS/YOUNG ADULT
 id : 236762 ISBN : 0684191318  | name : A Haiku for Hanae  |  description : Japan's star detective returns--this time in a flashback to his salad days--to solve the case of a Morman missionary who is found slain in a Shinto shrine
 id : 236763 ISBN : 0744549183  | name : Guess how Much I Love You  |  description : Shortlisted for the 1994 Kurt Maschler Award and the Children's Illustrated Book of the Year Award, this is the story of Little Nutbrown Hare and Big Nutbrown Hare, who discover that love is not an easy thing to measure.
 id : 236764 ISBN : 0312063334  | name : The Dean it was that Died  |  description : No one really liked the uptight Dean Henry Parsifal of York Minster cathedral, but parishoners are suprised when he is killed by a loose ceiling stone in his beloved church
 id : 236765 ISBN : 0849912245  | name : Fighting for Life  |  description : The story of a pro-life Democrat who took on his party, faced down the Supreme Court, and made medical history. Both events serve as platforms from which Casey tells his story and defends his principles for life.
 id : 236767 ISBN : 0821743899  | name : The Dead Girl  |  description : A newcomer to Colorado, Julie finds everyone mistaking her for her dead cousin, Vicki, and soon she fears that she is losing her own identity and that Vicki is taking over. Original.
 id : 236768 ISBN : 0812579755  | name : Zork  |  description : The reader's choices will determine whether the magical sword and spheres of power are returned to Syovar to end the evil rule of the wizard, Krill.
 id : 236769 ISBN : 0141186844  | name : Modern Classics #3 Forsyte Saga  |  description : In this final volume of The Forsyte Saga Galsworthy writes about the lives and loves of the Cherrell family, cousins of the Forsytes. For centuries, the Cherrell sons have left their home of Condaford Grange to serve the state as soldiers, clergymen and administrators, but the 1930s bring uncertainty in a world of rapidly altering morals and unemployment. Galsworthy’s portrayal of the effect of political change on individuals show him as a great social novelist as well as the author of one of the most gripping family sagas ever written.
 id : 236770 ISBN : 0141186836  | name : Modern Classics #2 Forsyte Saga  |  description : In this second part of John Galworthy's trilogy of love, power, money and family feuding, a new generation has arrived to divide the Forsyte clan with society scandals and conflicting passions
 id : 236772 ISBN : 0812549171  | name : Heaven's Gold  |  description : Texas in 1916--a pardoned, 58-year-old bank robber decides to go after a quarter of a million dollars in gold bars, against the advice of his wife and influential friends.
 id : 236776 ISBN : 084394885X  | name : Death Rides the Denver Stage  |  description : Clee Fahr has just arrived by stage in Denver City, Colorado. It is 1861 and the War Between the States has broken out back in the east. Torn apart by opposing military and political sympathies, the town is a tinderbox of treachery and suspicion.
 id : 236777 ISBN : 1565074165  | name : Simpler Times  |  description : More than 20 full-color paintings of nostalgic, heartwarming scenes accompany 'Thomas' rich, reflective text. In this personal glimpse into the artist's life, you'll discover his thoughts on living, including keeping perspective and creating balance.
 id : 236778 ISBN : 0873383427  | name : Edgar Huntly, Or, Memoirs of a Sleep-walker  |  description : Often described as a "gothic novel," this is a classic American tale of mystery and murder with exciting and dramatic plot twists. Charles Brockden Brown is the most frequently studied and republished practitioner of the "early American novel," or the US novel between 1789 and roughly 1820. This volume contains a critical edition of Charles Brockden Brown's Edgar Huntly, the third of his novels to be published in 1799 and the first to deal with the American wilderness. The basis of the text is the first edition, printed and published by Hugh Maxwell in Philadelphia late in the year, but the "Fragment" printed independently in Brown's Monthly Magazine earlier in 1799 supplies some readings in Chapters 17-20. The Historical Essay, which follows the text, covers matters of composition, publication, historical background, and literary evaluation, and the Textual Essay discusses the transmission of the text, choice of copy-text, and editorial policy. A general textual statement for the entire edition appears in Volume I of the series.
 id : 236779 ISBN : 0671001051  | name : Killer Gorgeous  |  description : Allison Robbins is a savagely abused socialite wife, who sees only one way out of her miserable situation--death. Perhaps she can find someone to do it for her. Montgomery Jones is an Armani-clad hit man accustomed to killing without remorse--until he meets Allison. And Mike Shiller, a solitary cop with an attitude and a marred past, is about to become caught up in a twisted scheme as three lives collide with all the forces of good and evil.
 id : 236781 ISBN : 0373700261  | name : Odyssey of Love  |  description : Odyssey Of Love by Janet Ayres released on Jun 24, 1982 is available now for purchase.
 id : 236782 ISBN : 0295977337  | name : Vignettes from the Late Ming  |  description : Written primarily to amuse and entertain the reader, hsiao-pin reflect the rise of individualism in the late Ming period and collectively provide a panorama of the colorful life of the age.
 id : 236783 ISBN : 0393320510  | name : The Sextants of Beijing: Global Currents in Chinese History  |  description : A chronicle of the unexpectedly rich and varied history of China deflates myths about the country's monolithic and isolated status, revealing its long traditions of influence on and from other Asian countries and the West through trade, technology, and religion.
 id : 236784 ISBN : 0770109225  | name : Hustle, Sweet Love  |  description : Celebrating her new job at a fashion magazine, lovely model Lacy Kingsley is taken for a high-priced escort and enjoys a sizzling romp with a devastatingly handsome Wall Street magnate. But when he surfaces at her magazine, Lacy finds herself on another chase, trying to dodge him and avoid a scandal!
 id : 236786 ISBN : 0373270682  | name : Daddy by Choice  |  description : Daddy By Choice by Paula Detmer Riggs released on Mar 24, 2000 is available now for purchase.
 id : 236787 ISBN : 0816714703  | name : Five Little Peppers Midway  |  description : Phronsie discovers a secret tha keeps Mr. King's spiteful cousin from spoiling the Peppers' happpiness.
 id : 236788 ISBN : 0801056977  | name : Beyond Black and White  |  description : How should Christians view the prevailing state of racial reconciliation in North American society? As an evangelical Christian, a sociologist, and a black man, George A. Yancey confronts realities of racism head-on, offering a model of reconciliation for American minorities and whites.
 id : 236789 ISBN : 0880702427  | name : Little House on the Freeway  |  description : More than 300,000 copies in print! Enjoy learning how to maintain true priorities and restore calmness to marriage, family life, your relationship with God, and the workplace. Includes individual/group study guide.
 id : 236791 ISBN : 0061002119  | name : In the Shadow of the Castle  |  description : Sent to live with her grandmother in Drumossie Castle, Bonnie Fraser finds love in the arms of the volatile Angus MacPherson, but dark shadows cross her path and threaten her happiness. Original.
 id : 236792 ISBN : 0919591574  | name : Whylah Falls  |  description : The mythic community created within these poems is populated with larger-than-life characters: lovers, murderers, musicians, and muses. Winner of the Archibald Lampman Award for Poetry, Whylah Falls has inspired a drama, a stage play, and a feature film, One Heart Broken into Song. This Tenth Anniversary Edition includes "Apocrypha" - a section of previously unpublished poems - and an introduction by Clarke.
 id : 236793 ISBN : 044041198X  | name : Comfort Creek  |  description : When her father loses his job, eleven-year-old Quinnella and her family move from the security of a company mining town to an uncertain future in rural isolation.
 id : 236795 ISBN : 1556114486  | name : Surviving Joy  |  description : A young man is led astray by skirts and sports. He is Dub Johnson, a poor youth who makes it to college through hard work. One day he meets Joy Hurt and she's such a dish that to please her he becomes a boxer. The novel describes his struggle to free himself from her spell. By the author of Days of Wine and Roses.
 id : 236799 ISBN : 006109336X  | name : Elvis Aaron Presley  |  description : Based on in-depth interviews with Presley's cousin Billy Smith, his best man Marty Lacker, and touring crew member Lamar Fike, a detailed portrait of Elvis covers his teen years through the final days of his life. Reprint.
 id : 236801 ISBN : 0671626590  | name : The Secret of the Stolen Puppies  |  description : The firehouse dog has a litter and the puppies are stolen. All over puppies are vanishing, but the twins solve the case.
 id : 236804 ISBN : 3257226586  | name : Letzter Auftritt von Rose  |  description : Rose French, ein alternder Stummfilmstar, liegt tot im Garten einer Villa. Ihr Ex-Mann glaubt nicht an einen natürlichen Tod und beauftragt ihren Therapeuten, möglichst viel über die mysteriösen Ereignisse auf dem Familienanwesen herauszufinden.
 id : 236805 ISBN : 0451522451  | name : The Story of My Life  |  description : Miss Keller's personal reflections on her life and struggles to cope with a world of darkness and silence create a profile of determination and tenacity
 id : 236808 ISBN : 0671472712  | name : The Honorary Consul  |  description : Although Paraguayan revolutionaries make the mistake of kidnapping the British Consul instead of the American Ambassador, they continue to threaten violence.
 id : 236811 ISBN : 0812549481  | name : The Wolf's Pack  |  description : When Nathan Blaylock, the illegitimate son of Wyatt Earp, and gunslinger Jim Riley, come up against E.T. Barnette and his thugs, only Wyatt Earp and his gunfighters can rescue them and save Fairbanks, Alaska, from the corrupt gang.
 id : 236813 ISBN : 0935526455  | name : Captain Blood  |  description : Peter Blood, a physician and an English gentleman becomes a pirate after suffering a grave injustice. Barely escaping the gallows after his arrest for treating wounded rebels--who were fighting the oppressive King James--Blood is enslaved on a Barbados plantation. He escapes to Tortuga and becomes the leader of a colony of buccaneers.
 id : 236815 ISBN : 0316091170  | name : The Return of Little Big Man  |  description : Jack Crabb, hero of Little Big Man and beloved chronicler of the Wild West, is back in the saddle again. This time he meets, drinks with, and rides with Bat Masterson, Annie Oakley, and Doc Holliday, and even travels with Buffalo Bill Cody to meet Queen Victoria. Part mischief, part historical fact, The Return of Little BigMan is a true literary achievement and a rollicking good read. -- Tremendously well reviewed, this sequel is a hit with critics and readers alike. -- The perfect book for any lover of Westerns, Mark Twain, and Berger himself. -- With a lovable hero, an action-packed story, a true Wild West setting, and scrupulous historical detail, The Return of Little BigMan has crossover appeal for readers of both history and fiction.
 id : 236816 ISBN : 0449220990  | name : Darkness  |  description : An early collection of acclaimed short stories by the award-winning author of The Middleman and Other Stories (which won the National Book Critics Award for Fiction). Mukherjee brilliantly illuminates the complex and shifting lives of America's new immigrants in these 12 stories.
 id : 236817 ISBN : 0394620852  | name : Don Quixote, which was a Dream  |  description : In this extraordinary and unique novel, Don Quixote is an indomitable woman on an intractable quest to become a knight and defeat the evil enchanters of modern America.
 id : 236819 ISBN : 0805044604  | name : An Adultery  |  description : The third novel from acclaimed, award-winning Alexander Theroux is a darkly realistic tale of adultery set in contemporary New England. Christian Ford is a man who is betrayed in an adulterous affair, only to discover that he himself betrayed a woman he loved and abandoned. Throughout the story, Christian attempts to understand the dangerously paradoxical nature of human relations and to show that adultery extends beyond mere physical infidelity.
 id : 236820 ISBN : 0373217129  | name : Deck the Halls  |  description : A marine biologist finds scandal and love as she joins a man and his son on their boat in Early's "The Third Christmas". A bankruptcy lawyer goes after the resistant owner of a decorating company in "Deck the Halls" by MacAllister.
 id : 236823 ISBN : 0824910788  | name : Christmas  |  description : Always perennially strong sellers, Ideals books wonderfully capture the inspirational context of their subjects.
 id : 236825 ISBN : 0446403350  | name : Scent of Evil  |  description : The third outing for Vermont cop Joe Gunther. A murdered stockbroker sets a sticky case into motion for Lt. Gunther. Three bodies later, Gunther must unravel a sinister puzzle involving drugs, a naive young police officer, and someone bent on revenge.
 id : 236826 ISBN : 0385485603  | name : One Point Safe  |  description : Based on firsthand reporting, classified documents, and the personal stories of the men and women on the front lines, "One Point Safe" reveals how U.S. intelligence agents have uncovered frightening, widespread evidence of nuclear smuggling throughout the world.
 id : 236830 ISBN : 0848716566  | name : Holiday Crafts Under $10  |  description : How to make holiday crafts for under $10.
 id : 236831 ISBN : 0786843314  | name : Disney's Christmas Crafts  |  description : Provides instructions for making a variety of Christmas decorations as well as an assortment of Christmas gifts.
 id : 236832 ISBN : 0749006536  | name : River Deep  |  description : From the author of the acclaimed Joanna Piercy novels, the first in a new series of mysteries set in the historic medieval market town of Shrewsbury
 id : 236834 ISBN : 1588468445  | name : Dead Roses for a Blue Lady  |  description : Previously available only in an ultra-limited-edition hardcover, Dead Roses for a Blue Lady collects eight tales of Sanja Blue, all by the vampire/vampire-hunter's creator Nancy A. Collins. These tales include the hard-to-find Vampire King of the Goth Chicks and Some Velvet Morning along with tales original to this collection, such as Knifepoint, Tender Tigers and The None-such Horror.
 id : 236835 ISBN : 1565048733  | name : A Dozen Black Roses  |  description : Let us say for now that there is more than one kind of vampire, my friend. And more than one kind of vampire slayer.
 id : 236838 ISBN : 0060916893  | name : The 8-week Cholesterol Cure Cookbook  |  description : Presents more than two hundred imaginative and easy-to-prepare recipes that can contribute to lower cholesterol levels
 id : 236839 ISBN : 0425087840  | name : Breaking Points  |  description : The parents of John Hinckley discuss the development of their son's schizophrenia and the circumstances and aftermath of John's attempted assassination of President Reagan
 id : 236842 ISBN : 1841950157  | name : Run  |  description : A cache of guns Two million dollars in bearer bonds A gang of street thugs A sociopathic killer And the good soldier who's sent along for the ride... Runis Douglas E. Winter's blistering debut, set in the ruthless, gun-running underworld of contemporary America. Welcome to the future of thriller writing. 'The most stunning debut novel I've ever read. Superb in style, breathless in pace, Run should easily be thriller of the year, if not the decade...brilliant.' James Herbert
 id : 236845 ISBN : 0316774286  | name : Every Day is Sunday  |  description : Describes daily life at retirement communities and leisure villages in New Jersey, Arizona, Florida, and California
 id : 236848 ISBN : 084392764X  | name : Fort Blood  |  description : It was late summer in southern Wyoming, but for Two Dogs' Cheyenne tribe it was killing season: the season for murdering the white man, stealing his cattle, and taking his women for slaves before the cold, hard winter set in. For years Two Dogs had attacked the helpless White Eyes without fear, but his merciless warriors had yet to face the Pony Soldiers.
 id : 236849 ISBN : 0823003329  | name : The Artist's Guide to Sketching  |  description : Offers suggestions on the materials used in sketching on-the-spot--how to sketch amid the elements, how to capture motion and mood, how to produce studies on nature, people, and the man-made world--and the uses of imagination.
 id : 236853 ISBN : 0590459244  | name : Ralph Troll's New Bicycle  |  description : Ralph Troll must learn to ride his two-wheeler without training wheels before he can ride with his big sister and her friends.
 id : 236854 ISBN : 0679734848  | name : The Official Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Treasury  |  description : With over 600 licensed Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles products available today, how is the aspiring collector to know what in this green sea of Turtleabilia is a true find? What are the whimsical items unique to the Turtles? How is a collector to discern the “must haves” from the merely interesting, or worse, the fakes? Easy. Use The Official Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle Treasury, the ultimate collector’s guide for all those afflicted with “Turtle fever.” Lavishly illustrated with photos of the many products included, Turtle creators Peter Laird and Kevin Eastman, together with input from their marketing experts, have compiled a true treasury of what they believe will be the most valuable and collectible items of all the Turtles merchandise being produced. They have added personal comments on their own favorite products, plus the story of how the Turtles and their world began. The Official Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle Treasury has an in-depth section on the comic books that started the green tide, and tips on how to know when you have a possible gold mine—such as one of the first comic books in mint condition. It all adds up to give fans the real inside story of the incredible phenomenon of Turtlemania. Many of the items included herein can be collected for fun, and many are potentially worth quite a bit—but The Official Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle Treasury puts them all in one place, to help both the Turtle lover and the serious collector alike.
 id : 236856 ISBN : 0316106585  | name : Love from the Heart of the Home  |  description : Susan Branch's inimitable whimsy and charm have won her a large and loyal following across America -- and made her previous gift books and cookbooks perennial bestsellers. This Keepsake Book features recipes and paintings for Valentine's Day -- or any day that love is in the air. Ribbon marker.
 id : 236857 ISBN : 0553256521  | name : Murder Post-Dated  |  description : Ingenious amateur sleuth Tessa Crichton sets out to solve a puzzling murder in an elegant country house that conceals a dark and deadly secret
 id : 236860 ISBN : 0786700998  | name : The Saint  |  description : Professor Smith-Smyth-Smythe of Timbuctoo was a firm believer in the cheerful hospitality of the English countrside, until he registered at the Beacon Inn, where he was drugged and otherwide treated with deliberate disdain. Of course, the fact that he was Simon Templar, The Saint, might have had some effect on the temperature of his welcome.
 id : 236861 ISBN : 0380783258  | name : Treachery  |  description : Goddard had entered Andersonville prison an honorable man, but his escape had forced him to become a liar and a cheat, and years after robbing a Confederate payroll, his allegedly dead ex-partner returns to claim his share of the fortune--and Goddard's new life. Original.
 id : 236862 ISBN : 0070240140  | name : Learning to Sail: The Annapolis Sailing School Guide for Young Sailors of All Ages  |  description : This book is about learning to sail. It follows the techniques perfected at the world-famous Annapolis Sailing School, where thousands of people just like you have learned to take tiller in hand and harness the wind. You'll learn your way around a boat--what its parts are called, what they do, and how to use them to ride the wind wherever you want to go. Read this book, spend some time on a boat, and practice your new skills, and pretty soon you'll be a sailor, one of a select group of people who think there's nothing finer than hiking out to windward in a close-hauled dinghy--racing against friends or a neighboring sailing club, or alone and just for the fun of it.
 id : 236863 ISBN : 1572319380  | name : Microsoft PhotoDraw 2000 by Design  |  description : The By Design series offers an example-packaged guide to creating and editing graphics using Microsoft PhotoDraw. The CD-ROM includes project files, original artwork by the author, and a demo version of PhotoDraw.
 id : 236864 ISBN : 0515083615  | name : The Assassin Code  |  description : A deranged killer threatens to assassinate the Queen of England unless he recieves one hundred thousand pounds, and commits a murder to prove his earnestness
 id : 236865 ISBN : 0809297825  | name : Oh, Solo Mia!  |  description : "Oh, Solo Mia is the essential guide for all women in search of ideas for entertaining themselves after wearing out the resources of the neighborhood Blockbuster. Oh, Solo Mia offers more than 100 creative ideas with attitude for swinging single chicks. Inspirations range from the cheap and tame to the chi-chi and daring, and all are guaranteed to provide hours of entertainment for girls (of all ages) who just wanna have fun!"--publisher's description.
 id : 236867 ISBN : 0440207746  | name : My Turn  |  description : The former First Lady discusses her life, the Reagan administration, her shaky relationship with her children and key White House personnel, her husband's involvement in the Iran-Contra affair, and her bout with cancer
 id : 236868 ISBN : 006104248X  | name : Running Mates  |  description : When the governor of Maryland is assassinated, investigative reporter Bobby Kelleher investigates and uncovers a plot involving Ku Klux Klan grand dragons, feminists, and hit men. Reprint. K. PW.
 id : 236869 ISBN : 0373195087  | name : No Place Like Home  |  description : No Place Like Home by Robin Nicholas released on Feb 22, 2001 is available now for purchase.
 id : 236870 ISBN : 0373036434  | name : The Bachelor's Bargain  |  description : The Bachelor's Bargain by Jessica Steele released on Feb 22, 2001 is available now for purchase.
 id : 236871 ISBN : 0671757113  | name : Murder and a Muse  |  description : Leaving the SAD Squad to take a part in what she thinks will be her big break, actress-sleuth Annie McGrogan finds her heart broken by the production's charismatic director, until a murder on the set reunites her with her ex-partner Sonny. Reprint. NYT.
 id : 236873 ISBN : 0590603728  | name : New Friends  |  description : Unable to understand why the troublesome Laura McCoy has been causing problems for her lately, Colleen Cooper tries to keep her distance, until both girls are thrust together in a strange town and forced to stick together. Original. TV tie-in.
 id : 236876 ISBN : 0965307794  | name : Eliana, Where Do Thoughts Come From?  |  description : Children's inspirational book.
 id : 236877 ISBN : 0970205309  | name : China Doll  |  description : Presents a graven image of a president darkly influenced by the Communists who still rule mainland China by brute force, and who exercise influence in Americanelections through campagin cash and old-fashioned espionage.
 id : 236878 ISBN : 157584236X  | name : Buddy's Big Move  |  description : The Blossom family is moving into a new house. Three seems to be a place for everything and everyone - everyone, that is, except Buddy, the family's lovable dog. Follow Buddy's adventures as he searches for a place of his own. Read the story, fold out the dollhouse play scene, and help the Blossom family move into their new home, with over 40 reusable stickers.
 id : 236880 ISBN : 0060188995  | name : Divorce Poison  |  description : The author offers readers the antidote to post-divorce venom, pointing the way to a mature, measured response to an ex's attempt to poison the atmosphere between child and parent. 30,000 first printing.
 id : 236882 ISBN : 0425128822  | name : The New Webster's Crossword Dictionary  |  description : Take the challenge of even the most perplexing crossword puzzles - with The New Webster's Crossword Dictionary by your side. A comprehensive listing of over 60,000 entries, it's the essential reference for satisfying crossword-solving.
 id : 236883 ISBN : 0312859740  | name : Freedom and Necessity  |  description : After receiving a letter from the cousin whom he had thought to be dead, James Cobham sets out to find his cousin, a quest that leads him to every corner of nineteenth-century England, where he becomes involved with family intrigues, swordfights, magical conspiracies, the occult, secret societies, and more.
 id : 236884 ISBN : 0671695525  | name : Women who Made a Difference  |  description : Details the lives of one hundred remarkable women who changed the world, from Madame Pompadour to Typhoid Mary, delving beneath the surface to uncover powerful personalities
 id : 236886 ISBN : 0785275584  | name : Daily Guideposts, 1997  |  description : Journey through the coming year with Elizabeth Sherrill, Keith Miller, Ruth Stafford Peale, and others. Inspiring personal stories of everyday men and women, fresh insight into living well, wisdom that sees the extraordinary in the ordinary, and encouragement to face each new day with spiritual strength--Daily Guidposts offers something to help you live life more fully and thankfully each and every day.
 id : 236887 ISBN : 0785276246  | name : Daily Guideposts, 1996  |  description : The stories from Guideposts magazine have warmed hearts and inspired the souls of millions of people across the world. Now the most moving, most powerful stories are combined into a daily devotional. With contributions from Marjorie Holmes, John Cowan, and many more, Daily Guideposts, 1996 is a treasure trove of spiritual enlightenment and life-changing stories.
 id : 236888 ISBN : 0806510560  | name : The Secrets of Ancient Witchcraft  |  description : Two British witches of the Gardnerian tradition, explain the secrets, rites, powers, and ceremonies of the Old Religion and answer questions concerning witchcraft's beliefs, practices, and adherents
 id : 236891 ISBN : 0425153215  | name : Tyrantula!  |  description : Moving to a new high-rise apartment building where their nearest neighbor loudly plays his stereo system, Trina Montero is shocked when the music attracts the attention of radioactive, mutated super roaches. Original.
 id : 236896 ISBN : 0517576546  | name : Mary Emmerling's at Home in the Country  |  description : Fun without fuss, and style without stress--to Mary Emmerling, this is the essence of country entertaining. In the tradition of Mary Emmerling's American Country Cooking, this new volume combines country recipes, country decoration and most of all, a relaxed approach to both in a beautiful, full-color package. 180 photographs.
 id : 236898 ISBN : 1577781872  | name : The Heart of a God Chaser  |  description : This book will shake the complacent into awareness and motivate those who are already God chasers to keep pressing on.
 id : 236899 ISBN : 074348892X  | name : When GOD Winks on Love  |  description : Draws on the premise that coincidences are messages from a higher power, sharing personal and celebrity stories while instructing readers on how to map unexpected events and recognize other spiritual signs in order to enrich personal relationships. 40,000 first printing.
 id : 236900 ISBN : 0152342796  | name : The Highest Hit  |  description : A young girl involves her family and friends in her many schemes to establish an unusual record for the Guiness Book of World Records.
 id : 236904 ISBN : 1580632025  | name : I'm Okay, You're a Brat!  |  description : Details just how difficult parenting can be, questioning the myths and half-truths that make some parents feel inadequate and offering valuable survival tools.
 id : 236905 ISBN : 0882897063  | name : Fabulous New Orleans  |  description : Reprint. Originally published: New Orleans: R.L. Crager, 1950.
 id : 236906 ISBN : 0890813736  | name : God's Design for Christian Dating  |  description : A renowned activist recalls his childhood years in an Indian boarding school Best known as a leader of the Indian takeover of Alcatraz Island in 1969, Adam Fortunate Eagle now offers an unforgettable memoir of his years as a young student at Pipestone Indian Boarding School in Minnesota. In this rare firsthand account, Fortunate Eagle lives up to his reputation as a “contrary warrior” by disproving the popular view of Indian boarding schools as bleak and prisonlike. Fortunate Eagle attended Pipestone between 1935 and 1945, just as Commissioner of Indian Affairs John Collier’s pluralist vision was reshaping the federal boarding school system to promote greater respect for Native cultures and traditions. But this book is hardly a dry history of the late boarding school era. Telling this story in the voice of his younger self, the author takes us on a delightful journey into his childhood and the inner world of the boarding school. Along the way, he shares anecdotes of dormitory culture, student pranks, and warrior games. Although Fortunate Eagle recognizes Pipestone’s shortcomings, he describes his time there as nothing less than “a little bit of heaven.” Were all Indian boarding schools the dispiriting places that history has suggested? This book allows readers to decide for themselves.
 id : 236907 ISBN : 0425147800  | name : Sexual Violence  |  description : The author, an assistant district attorney in New York County and the director of the sex crimes prosecution unit, describes some cases she's handled. For general readers. No bibliography. Annotation copyright by Book News, Inc., Portland, OR
 id : 236909 ISBN : 0761128042  | name : Instant Karma  |  description : Using the wisdom of the East to instruct and inspire, this volume is filled with a universe of things readers can do right now to accumulate good karma. Illustrations.
 id : 236910 ISBN : 1558176926  | name : Whispers in Time  |  description : New Orleans psychic Carol Marlowe goes on the ride of her life when a midnight boat trip into the bayou transports her back in time, and into the body of a Creole belle. Original.
 id : 236911 ISBN : 0671000845  | name : Zappy Holidays!  |  description : Super holiday fun with Alex Mack in this expanded edition, which comes with a free holiday ornament! Holiday spirit has hit an all-time low in Paradise Valley, and Alex seems to be the only one who remembers what the season is all about. She's determined to inject some Christmas cheer back into the town. But it looks like it will take a miracle.
 id : 236912 ISBN : 1569311110  | name : Nausicaä of the Valley of Wind  |  description : Hayao Miyazaki was a budding filmmaker in 1982 when he agreed to collaborate on a project with the popular Japanese anime magazine Animage. This was Nausicaa, which would make Miyazaki's reputation as much as his 11 films and TV shows.
 id : 236913 ISBN : 1577480597  | name : The Mayflower Adventure  |  description : John and Sarah Smythe have lived in Holland all of their lives. But not anymore. Their parents, along with many other friends, have decided to move to America, the New World. While they know that God will travel with them, there are many things the Smythes and their friends don't know. One of their ships will start to sink. Fierce Atlantic storms will batter the Mayflower, threatening to tear her apart. Many people will get sick, and some won't live to see their new home. How will John and Sarah survive the journey?
 id : 236914 ISBN : 1569310874  | name : Nausicaä of the Valley of Wind  |  description : "This book reads from right to left"--P. [4] of cover.
 id : 236915 ISBN : 0070580464  | name : Office Politics for the Utterly Confused  |  description : The newest addition to the popular Utterly Confused series is every employee's guide to taking the confusion out of the unwritten, but essential game of office politics. Accessible information and practical tips show readers how to: -- Get use, and keep power -- Improve chances for job advancement -- Build a power network -- Reap the benefits of recognition -- Avoid the pitfalls of alienating coworkers -- Make allies with the right people -- Build visibility both inside and outside of the company With expert advice, immediately applicable techniques, and Utterly Confused hallmarks such as helpful icons, fun quotes, sidebars, checklists, and boxed tips, Office Politics for the Utterly Confused is an essential companion for the uninitiated and utterly confused.
 id : 236916 ISBN : 0590137441  | name : The Clue in the Crystal Ball  |  description : Another collection of mini-mysteries challenges the reader to figure out if Mrs. White, Miss Scarlet, Colonel Mustard, or another of the group did in Mr. Boddy.
 id : 236917 ISBN : 0440848164  | name : Rescue 911  |  description : Based on stories from the Rescue 911 television show, six kids who have saved a life.
 id : 236920 ISBN : 048626551X  | name : The Napoleon of Notting Hill  |  description : A comical futurist fantasy, first published in 1904, about a tradition-loving suburban London community of the 1980s at war with its modernizing neighbors. Chesterton's splendid storytelling gifts and his sympathies for the plight of small nations trying to remain independent are strongly in evidence. 7 illustrations by W. Graham Robertson. New Introduction by Martin Gardner.
 id : 236922 ISBN : 0806516356  | name : Encyclopedia of Signs, Omens, and Superstitions  |  description : Explains the history, meaning, and significance of more than six hundred omens, signs, and superstitions
 id : 236923 ISBN : 0893756245  | name : Edgar Allan Poe's The Fall of the House of Usher  |  description : A visitor to a gloomy mansion finds a childhood friend dying under the spell of a family curse.
 id : 236924 ISBN : 1564146715  | name : Pagans and the Law  |  description : New Age, Pagans & law
 id : 236925 ISBN : 0028642244  | name : The Complete Idiot's Guide to Women's Spirituality  |  description : A comprehensive guide to the uniquely feminine side of spirituality and the way the quest for education and self-determination evolution has brought a womanly slant to religion. -- This is a book for women - and men! - of all faiths; the author's experience and sensitivity will guarantee interest and appreciation across religious and cultural lines -- Traditional and more modern aspects of spirituality will be included, and the book will include several chapters concerning the goddess archetype that is so popular these days. -- Women are at the forefront of the spirit/body integration and holistic thought that is powering the healing arts and religion in the 21st century, which will be explored in the book. The Complete Idiot's Guide "RM" to Women's Spirituality covers real women and their spiritual awakenings -- from patriarchy to partnership; traditional approaches to spirituality -- the image of women and their roles in the three major world religions; the rise and fall -- and rise again -- of the goddess -- and a day in the life of a real goddess; our foremothers -- profiles in spirituality; and letting the spirit free -- mind, body, and spirit and seeking wholeness.
 id : 236926 ISBN : 044922645X  | name : Priceless  |  description : By the author of The Promise "The Best Up and Coming Author." --"Affaire de Coeur "A passion so great... Elliot Moss felt the insatiable lure of desire the instant he saw Liberty Madison, heir to the fabulous collection of his fiercest enemy. That she possesses the precious Jeweled Cross of Catherine of Aragon only seals his determination. He wants the Cross. He wants Liberty. Then revenge against his rival will be complete. "A desire so wild... But when Elliot offers marriage, proud, independent Liberty refuses. Until the passion he kindles in her becomes as all-consuming as her obsession with the mysterious threatening letters she is receiving--and the danger lurking in the shadows. Not only is her life at risk, so is her heart.... "A love that is nothing less than... Priceless
 id : 236929 ISBN : 0749303255  | name : Cannery Row  |  description : For use in schools and libraries only. Vividly depicts the colorful, sometimes disreputable, inhabitants of a run-down area in Monterey, California.
 id : 236931 ISBN : 0737303964  | name : The Meditation Sourcebook  |  description : Meditation is often mistaken for a religion, discipline, or new age concept; instead, it's simply a healthy function of the brain. Everyone can meditate--but producing the meditative state on demand takes practice. "The Meditation Sourcebook" can help both the beginner and the experienced practitioner, providing how-to techniques and comprehensive resources.
 id : 236934 ISBN : 0850306256  | name : Magick and the Tarot  |  description : Discusses the magical power associated with Tarot cards, and reviews the meaning of each card
 id : 236935 ISBN : 0385490925  | name : Riddle of the Ice  |  description : For twenty-four hours after leaving Gotthabsfiord, Brendan's Isle races before strong easterly winds, skidding down the faces of following seas, vibrating and shuddering, throwing a curtain of spray from her bows, carving a line of white foam in her wake. The knot-meter ticks ten, eleven, twelve knots as she surfs downhill, surrounded by streaks of spindrift and flanked by long, breaking crests....We'll keep three on watch at all times tonight, I decide, and we'll rotate a radar operator and a person on the bow every half hour, adding an extra lookout forward if we get into heavy ice conditions. We'll run at speed directly for Saglek Bay -- a fiord in the Tourgat Mountains with a decent anchorage near its mouth that is protected from the north. And we'll cross our fingers, rub every lucky stone, and kiss every four-leaf clover we can find -- hoping we make it safely through.By any account, the impenetrable barrier of sea ice that blocked the Brendan's Isle halfway up the Labrador Coast should not have been there in July, in what was one of the hottest summers on record only a hundred miles to the south. Frustrated and mystified at having to turn back so early in his 1991 northbound voyage, sailor Myron Arms became determined to explain the unsettling anomaly.Three years later, having pursued this obsession from the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution to Columbia's Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory to NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center, Arms took his f
 id : 236936 ISBN : 0932966438  | name : It's All Her Fault  |  description : Suggests small tricks and practical jokes designed to drive out an unwanted wife in thirty days
 id : 236938 ISBN : 0743205022  | name : Holy War, Inc  |  description : CNN's terrorism analyst examines Osama bin Laden's global terrorist network, al-Queda, discussing its operations and mission, the planning and execution of specific terrorist acts, and future threats from militant Islamic movements.
 id : 236939 ISBN : 0374524173  | name : The Tummy Trilogy  |  description : In the 1970s, Calvin Trillin informed America that its most glorious food was not to be found at the pretentious restaurants he referred to generically as La Maison de la Casa House, Continental Cuisine. With three hilarious books over the next two decades--American Fried; Alice, Let's Eat; and Third Helpings--he established himself as, in Craig Claiborne's phrase, "the Walt Whitman of American eats." Trillin's three comic masterpieces are now available in what Trillin calls The Tummy Trilogy.
 id : 236941 ISBN : 1858284724  | name : European Football  |  description : With the electrifying World Cup a vivid memory, this fans' handbook updates you on the 1999 season in Europe. The Rough Guide not only introduces the game and its players but fills you in on getting match tickets, meeting local fans, and finding that all-important team jersey.
 id : 236942 ISBN : 0373763441  | name : A Cowboy, a Bride & a Wedding Vow  |  description : A Cowboy, A Bride & A Wedding Vow by Shirley Rogers released on Dec 25, 2000 is available now for purchase.
 id : 236943 ISBN : 0679738053  | name : The Soccer War  |  description : Part diary and part reportage, The Soccer War is a remarkable chronicle of war in the late twentieth century. Between 1958 and 1980, working primarily for the Polish Press Agency, Kapuscinski covered twenty-seven revolutions and coups in Africa, Latin America, and the Middle East. Here, with characteristic cogency and emotional immediacy, he recounts the stories behind his official press dispatches—searing firsthand accounts of the frightening, grotesque, and comically absurd aspects of life during war. The Soccer War is a singular work of journalism.
 id : 236944 ISBN : 1567185533  | name : Rune Mysteries  |  description : This witches's rune kit is the creation of artist Nigel Jackson. Rich with symbolic meaning on several levels, the cards can be used for divination, magick, and personal growth.
 id : 236945 ISBN : 037376393X  | name : The Taming of Jackson Cade  |  description : The Taming Of Jackson Cade by BJ James released on Sep 24, 2001 is available now for purchase.
 id : 236947 ISBN : 0373195338  | name : A Saddle Made for Two  |  description : A Saddle Made For Two by Roxann Delaney released on Jun 22, 2001 is available now for purchase.
 id : 236948 ISBN : 0762411619  | name : See Jane Win  |  description : Here's an essential Miniature Edition™ to help parents raise happy, successful daughters. It distills the wisdom and insight of the New York Times bestselling See Jane Win, based on a three-year survey of a thousand women of achievement who reflect on their upbringing. Noted child psychologist and NBC Today correspondent Dr. Sylvia Rimm, who conducted the research with the help of her own daughters, emphasizes self-esteem, education, and healthy competition to help young women achieve fulfillment and success.
 id : 236949 ISBN : 0373763972  | name : Jacob's Proposal  |  description : Jacob's Proposal by Eileen Wilks released on Sep 24, 2001 is available now for purchase.
 id : 236950 ISBN : 0747246572  | name : More than Riches  |  description : When Rosie's parents were involved in a train accident, her mother was killed and her father left crippled, unable to earn a living and relying on Rosie to keep the wolf from the door. With her mother gone and her sweetheart Adam away in the army, Rosie is lonely. She eagerly awaits the letters from him, but they never come. As she grows more disillusioned, Adam's best friend Doug goes out of his way to be charming and attentive. Alone and confused, Rosie blossoms under his evil influence. Soon she is carrying Doug's baby and her father has thrown her out of the house. Realising she has no choice, she agrees to marry Doug. As if she isn't in enough trouble, Rosie's whole world falls apart when a warm and wonderful letter arrives from Adam . . . telling her he's on his way home.
 id : 236951 ISBN : 0553094483  | name : That Dark and Bloody River  |  description : The author of A Sorrow in Our Heart: The Life of Tecumseh traces the settling of the Ohio River Valley, in a fictional account of the battle between Native Americans and settlers that marked a turning point in the history of the frontier.
 id : 236952 ISBN : 0451407628  | name : Fire Hawk  |  description : The final novel in the dazzling "Hawk" trilogy! Finding herself the head of her clan after a brutal skirmish, a woman who knows nothing of war desperately seeks the aid of a legendary warrior. She never realizes how handsome he could be--or that his father is none other than the leader of her people's mortal enemy.
 id : 236953 ISBN : 0373243561  | name : Stranger in a Small Town  |  description : Stranger In A Small Town by Ann Roth released on Sep 22, 2000 is available now for purchase.
 id : 236955 ISBN : 0373242018  | name : Father-to-be  |  description : Father-To-Be by Laurie Paige released on Aug 25, 1998 is available now for purchase.
 id : 236956 ISBN : 0373099460  | name : Baby My Baby  |  description : Baby My Baby by Victoria Pade released on Jan 25, 1995 is available now for purchase.
 id : 236957 ISBN : 1550221957  | name : Timothy Findley  |  description : An annotated bibliography of Timothy Findley's work.
 id : 236962 ISBN : 0937381373  | name : Evaluating Beer  |  description : From defining off-flavours to analysing award-winning beer, Evaluating Beer will help develop your tasting and evaluating skills. Chapters are written by recognised beer experts, including Jim Koch, Charlie Papazian, Greg Noonan, George Fix, and a host of others. From diacetyl to DMS to Sulphur and yeast bite, discover what it to perform exacting beer evaluations. Evaluating Beer is perfect for beer judges, homebrewers, and brewing professionals.
 id : 236964 ISBN : 0937381004  | name : Brewing Mead  |  description : Trace the history and discover the smooth, subtle secrets of mead. Learn how to brew this age-old drink with your basic homebrew equipment and Charlie Papazian's easy-to-follow directions.
 id : 236966 ISBN : 1892016060  | name : Stories of God's Abundance for a More Joyful Life  |  description : This compilation of real-life stories and Scripture will encourage and challenge you.
 id : 236967 ISBN : 0312119135  | name : The View from the Summerhouse  |  description : When Simon, a London journalist, is commissioned to write an article on Caleb Carne, a much-loved broadcaster during World War II, his journey to Cornwall reveals the secrets of the Carne family and of his own father, himself once involved with the Carnes.
 id : 236968 ISBN : 1572316217  | name : Software Project Survival Guide  |  description : How to be sure your first important project isnþt your last.
 id : 236969 ISBN : 0822453649  | name : I Died Here  |  description : Haunting dreams lead a young man to a small Greek village where he uncovers a murder.
 id : 236970 ISBN : 0762407727  | name : Michael Jackson's Beer Companion  |  description : With more than 50 new, specially commissioned photographs, 60 new labels and a revised text, Michael Jackson's Beer Companion is a comprehensive gudie to the world's finest beers. Jackson highlights his favorites, often pitting American microbrews against European clasics. Some of his choices will surprise you ... and introduce you to new and outstanding beers.
 id : 236971 ISBN : 0312156200  | name : Out of Body  |  description : Paroled from prison after serving time for a rape that he cannot recall, Denton Hake tries to rebuild his life, but when his new girlfriend is killed during one of his terrifying memory lapses, he must find out what they mean before it is too late. Tour.
 id : 236972 ISBN : 0882668382  | name : The Beer Enthusiast's Guide  |  description : A handbook that no true beer lover will want to be without. This comprehensive guide explains step-by-step how to host an authentic beer tasting, including how to pour a beer, what shape glasses to use, the proper temperature for various styles, and criteria for judging including look, smell, feel, and taste. Illustrated.
 id : 236974 ISBN : 0373196105  | name : Bought by the Billionaire  |  description : Bought By The Billionaire by Myrna Mackenzie released on Jul 25, 2002 is available now for purchase.
 id : 236975 ISBN : 0020955707  | name : The Golden Bough  |  description : An abridgment of the twelve-volume study of primitive man's use and development of magic, customs, social practices, and religion.
 id : 236976 ISBN : 0878795405  | name : Beat Box Talks  |  description : Derek can sing and talk like a juke box and the students at his high school love it. One teacher sees that he has talent, but can he stay out of trouble long enough to find himself?
 id : 236977 ISBN : 0878795375  | name : Love the Glove  |  description : Deroy's endless dancing, spinning, and singing always amused his classmates, but it drove the teachers up the wall.
 id : 236978 ISBN : 0878795383  | name : Steel Town Rock and Roll  |  description : A lot of people are out of work and times are tough in Steel Town. When Mark, Mike, Antonio, and Donell drop out of high school to help support their families, they find that getting gigs for their rock band isn't easy.
 id : 236979 ISBN : 0811209334  | name : At Heaven's Gate  |  description : The second novel by Robert Penn Warren, author of the Pulizter-Prize-winning All The King's Men, is a tour de force and a neglected classic.
 id : 236980 ISBN : 0962272280  | name : The Best Stage Scenes for Men from the 1980's  |  description : This volume includes 23 audition scenes for 1 man and 1 woman, and 18 scenes for 2 men from the 1980's. The pieces in the volume include selections from: Betrayal by Harold Pinter, Speed-the-Plow by David Mamet, A Walk in the Woods by Lee Blessing, and more.
 id : 236981 ISBN : 0801492890  | name : Witchcraft in the Middle Ages  |  description : Building on a foundation of newly discovered primary sources and recent secondary interpretations, Jeffrey Burton Russell first establishes the facts and then explains the phenomenon of witchcraft in terms of its social and religious environment, particularly in relation to medieval heresies.
 id : 236982 ISBN : 0761101055  | name : My Dog's the World's Best Dog  |  description : A humorous guide for dog lovers captures many moments in the unique relationship between humans and dogs, offering such adoring owner perspectives as "She gives the best greetings, even if I've only been gone for forty-five seconds." Original. Tour.
 id : 236983 ISBN : 0671006762  | name : Welcome to My World  |  description : Based on the hit Fox-TV series of the same name. Claudia is beginning to tire of the constant violin practice necessary to win the upcoming competition. What's worse, no one in the family is planning on coming to cheer her on! Now, Claudia is considering giving up the violin completely! Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 236984 ISBN : 0920792596  | name : City Critters  |  description : Includes material on urban squirrles, chipmunks, raccoons, skunks, cottontails, opossums, woodchucks, pocket gophers, moles, house mice, rats, bats, birds, herptiles.
 id : 236986 ISBN : 0132163667  | name : Doctor Morrison's Miracle Body Tune-up for Rejuvenated Health  |  description : Through the simple, easy-to-use Missing Link techniques described in this book, says Dr. Morrison, thousands of sick people suddenfly found a new life of robust health and youthful vigor as their pains, ailments and diseases miraculously disappeared. With this secret, it may now be possible for you to gain these benefits and increase the joys of living many times over, he says.
 id : 236987 ISBN : 0809238349  | name : And how are We Feeling Today?  |  description : ""Blends candid insights on hospital care with a healthy dose of humor....Tongue-in-cheek comments will brighten the day of even the very ill." --The Bookwatch
 id : 236988 ISBN : 0441001890  | name : Regenesis  |  description : Undertaking a difficult mission to find safe homes for the endangered species of the planet Earth, agent Rahel Tovin of the Noah's Ark organization begins rescue efforts that will take her across the galaxy. Original.
 id : 236990 ISBN : 0872262774  | name : The World of the Medieval Knight  |  description : Various aspects of knighthood -- from armor & jousting to castle life & the Crusades -- are presented in this richly illustrated book. Step inside the world of the medieval knight--into his castle as he prepares for a feast in the Great Hall, as he enters into battle and as he mounts his horse preparing for the joust. In The World of the Medieval Knight stunning cutaway views, brilliant panoramas and step-by-step sequences are all created by the illustrator Brett Breckon. His unique "exploded views" reveal in lavish detail the intricate way the knight's armor was built. In The World of the Medieval Knight stunning cutaway views, brilliant panoramas and step-by-step sequences are all created by the illustrator Brett Breckon. His unique "exploded views" reveal in lavish detail the intricate way the knight's armor was built. Discover how a page learned how to become a knight, how a knight's horse was armed, how a castle was attacked and defended, how heavy the knight's armor really was and what happened to the role of the knight.--
 id : 236992 ISBN : 0600310779  | name : An Illustrated Treasury of Fairy and Folk Tales  |  description : Collects and retells favorite stories such as "Beauty and the Beast," "Pinocchio," "Rapunzel," and "Tom Thumb," and also includes lesser known tales.
 id : 236994 ISBN : 0312156146  | name : No Human Involved  |  description : Hoping to start over after kicking a heroin addiction, Munch Mancini flees Venice Beach when she becomes a suspect in the shooting death of her abusive father, but she must return for a dangerous showdown in order to move on with her life.
 id : 236995 ISBN : 0062700367  | name : Asimov's Chronology of the World  |  description : From the world's greatest science writer, a history of the world from the Big Bang to 1945, told in irresistible short takes and highlighted by a timeline.
 id : 236996 ISBN : 034542347X  | name : The Path of the Mother  |  description : "What are the greatest qualities of a Mother? Love, forgiveness, and patience." Much has been written about the feminine faces of God. Now The Path of the Mother introduces us to a divinity more whole than any we have yet encountered--her arms open to men and women of any persuasion or practice. She is at once masculine and feminine, creator and transformer, joy and anguish, the all-loving Mother and the true, realized human Self. Drawing on her most vibrant expression, this inspiring book traces her myriad faces--compassionate, fierce, enchanting, challenging, passionate--in male and female deities of many religions. "As far as Mother is concerned, everyone is her child. . . . Children, did not Mother come when you called? Thus did she not obey you?" The Path of the Mother is a six-stage journey to union with the Great Mother, framed by Savitri Bess's own years of devotion to one of her most famous incarnations--the Hindu mystic Ammachi. Interweaving Hindu myths with her own quest and those of others, Bess reveals this journey as an exodus from aloneness to the wondrous integration of love, worship, and service into life's daily tasks. Practical exercises, meditations, yoga, and prayers will help both novice and veteran seekers to rediscover their innocence, balance their inner masculine and feminine energies, resolve their buried wounds, desires, and talents, and open their hearts to the nurturing guidance of the Mother-God within us all. "Love is Amma's nature. She cannot be otherwise. . . . Amma cannot return our anger, hatred, or abuse. Amma can only bestow boundless compassion and love."
 id : 236999 ISBN : 1842930354  | name : At the Table of the Grail  |  description : In this stimulating collection of essays, some of the finest contemporary writers show how themes from Eastern and Western traditions meet in the different versions of the Quest, and are rich in insights for us all.
 id : 237000 ISBN : 0300051743  | name : The Healer's Power  |  description : "Although the physician's use and misuse of power have been discussed in the social sciences and in literature, they have never been explored in medical ethics until now. In this book, Dr. Howard Brody argues that the central task is not to reduce the physician's power, as others have suggested, but to develop guidelines for its use, so that the doctor shares with the patient both information and the responsibility for deciding on appropriate treatment." "Dr. Brody first reviews literary works dealing with medical power, from Dostoevsky's "The Grand Inquisitor" to stories by William Carlos Williams, Vonda McIntyre, and Richard Selzer. These works, he shows, reveal the healers' ambivalence over their own power and patients' fears of the abuse of power. Dr. Brody then points out important but neglected ethical issues that emerge from an analysis of power, such as the tension between care of individual patients and the pressures of the doctor's workload; the rescue fantasy that impels some physicians to extraordinary lengths to save a life; and the economic system, which rewards surgeons and other specialists more than it does physicians who spend time talking with patients about their problems. He also shows how the perspective of shared power can shed new light on standard topics in medical ethics--from informed consent and confidentiality to resource allocation and cost containment."--BOOK JACKET.Title Summary field provided by Blackwell North America, Inc. All Rights Reserved
 id : 237001 ISBN : 0671740083  | name : Don't Say a Word  |  description : Psychiatrist Nathan Conrad confronts urban paranoia and murderous insanity when his family is watched and followed, and later brutalized, by a criminal with a twisted mind and a mad giant who thrives on the suffering of others
 id : 237007 ISBN : 0679025057  | name : Canada '94  |  description : Fodor's Canada '94 offers improved coverage of camping, parks, the wilderness, and outdoor sports, making it the most authoritative guide to some of the country's best free or nearly free attractions. Additionally, the comprehensive guide features historical and cultural tours of all major cities including Toronto, Quebec City, Montreal, Vancouver, Edmonton, and Halifax.
 id : 237008 ISBN : 0312082517  | name : Let's Go  |  description : Let's Go guides are the distincitve budget travel guides, whether you're in search of city nightlife, on your first trip or your tenth, hoisting a backpack or renting a car. Even before you start out, Let's Go will plan your itinerary and simplfy your paperwork. The guide to the USA features over 10,000 budget travel bargains. Full-color maps.
 id : 237009 ISBN : 0312244711  | name : Ireland  |  description : Features over 5,000 travel bargains on accommodations, restaurants, shopping, and attractions in the region
 id : 237010 ISBN : 0373387105  | name : The Housekeeper's Daughter  |  description : Eight months ago, while home to celebrate Joe Colton's 60th birthday, Navy SEAL Drake Colton shared his body and soul with Maya Ramirez, the housekeeper's daughter. When Drake had to leave to protect his country, Maya did the unthinkable and closed her heart to Drake. Now he has returned to a very pregnant Maya and is determined to win her heart.
 id : 237011 ISBN : 1878086669  | name : The Untold Story of Frankie Silver  |  description : Frankies mother, Barbara or Barbary, came from Virginia. Frankies mother and father, Isaiah Stewart, lived in Anson County, North Carolina.
 id : 237020 ISBN : 1568582560  | name : Witpunk  |  description : This anthology of sardonic fiction emphasizes SF/fantasy tales sparkling with wit and edgy attitude. The stories, both originals and reprints, cover a wide range of satire. Writers include James Morrow, Nina Kiriki Hoffman, Allen Steele, Paul Di Filippo, Robert Silverberg, and Pat Cadigan. Halpern, a 2001 World Fantasy Award Finalist, is the editor of the legendary Golden Gryphon Press.
 id : 237021 ISBN : 0689813090  | name : Blizzard, Estes Park, Colorado, 1886  |  description : When twelve-year-old Maggie attempts to rescue Hadyn during a sudden blizzard in the Colorado mountains in 1886, both cousins change their minds about each other.
 id : 237023 ISBN : 0814318673  | name : When You're Up to Your Ass in Alligators  |  description : Office copier folklore that regularly circulate in office buildings everywhere-is the subject of this innovative study.
 id : 237024 ISBN : 0821777238  | name : Into His Arms  |  description : Zebra's program that features exciting new authors making their debuts is kicked off by "a fresh new voice in romance" ("New York Times" bestselling author Jo Beverley), who pens a historical romance about an English privateer and a beautiful stowaway who discover an unlikely love. Original.
 id : 237025 ISBN : 0898310032  | name : Beatrix Farrand's American Landscapes  |  description : Best known for her work at Princeton, Yale, and Dumbarton Oaks, Farrand (1872-1959), the niece of Edith Wharton, was a landscape designer. She synthesized European traditions to create an American style.
 id : 237026 ISBN : 1555842429  | name : 1968 in America  |  description : Charles Kaiser's 1968 in America is widely recognized as one of the best historical accounts of the 1960s. This book devotes equal attention to the personal and the political - and speaks with authority about such diverse figures as Bob Dylan, Eugene McCarthy, Janis Joplin, and Lyndon Johnson.
 id : 237028 ISBN : 0151002045  | name : Turning Stones  |  description : For four years, Marc Parent was a respected caseworker in New York City's Emergency Children's Services, a city agency created to cope with cases of suspected and actual abuse reported during the evening and nighttime hours. In his young charges he saw day-to-day bravery as well as some of the strangest twists the human soul can take. Shocking, illuminating, funny, lyrical, and above all searchingly honest, this book takes readers into a world that many would rather not contemplate.
 id : 237029 ISBN : 0684873591  | name : The Stories of Eva Luna  |  description : When her lover asks her to tell him a story, Eva Luna complies with this collection of tales.
 id : 237030 ISBN : 0764155326  | name : Pigs Can't Fly!  |  description : Every time bored Pig tries to be another animal, it leads to fresh disaster.
 id : 237031 ISBN : 0816771561  | name : Word Jam  |  description : Presents tips on how to build your vocabulary.
 id : 237033 ISBN : 1853753122  | name : Contempt  |  description : Obsessive and confessional, sifting over every action and thought, Contempt is a tale about the precarious nature of love and integrity; a study of the limits of our subjective nature and of storytelling itself. It was adapted for the screen by Jean-Luc Godard in 1963.
 id : 237034 ISBN : 0380789256  | name : School's Out!  |  description : The second grade is having a "School's Out" party to celebrate the end of the school year and the beginning of summer vacation. Lesley can hardly wait--except for one little problem. She has to give a speech to the whole class and she knows she can't do it without a lucky charm. At last she finds one, but bringing it with her is going to be a very big problem.
 id : 237035 ISBN : 0689830769  | name : Terry and the Pirates  |  description : When sixteen-year-old Terry Talley stows away on a yacht, she doesn't expect to encounter another runaway and end up shipwrecked on a tiny island with a bunch of oddball pirates who are looking for some buried treasure.
 id : 237038 ISBN : 0889611343  | name : Harriet's Daughter  |  description : "Harriet Tubman was brave and strong, and she was black like me. I think it was the first time I thought of wanting to be called Harriet -- I wanted to be Harriet'. Margaret is determined to be someone; to be cool, with style and class and to have a blacker skin. More than anything else she wants to help her best friend, Zulma to escape from Canada and fly back to Tobago to live with her grandmother. She compiles a list: 'Things I want changed in my life' and sets about achieving her objectives. But at fourteen, coming to terms with growing-up, relationships and responsibilities is not quite so straightforward, and the parental threat of 'Good West Indian Discipline' is never far removed. In this charming, humorous and perceptive tale of adolescence, Marlene Nourbese Philip explores the friendship of two young black girls and throws into sharp relief the wider issues of culture and identity so relevant to teenagers of all races and colours.
 id : 237039 ISBN : 0670828491  | name : The Sky is Falling  |  description : The experiences of a young girl and her small brother who are evacuated to Canada at the beginning of World War II and find that they will be staying with complete strangers.
 id : 237041 ISBN : 3401019147  | name : Melina und die Delfine  |  description : In dem kleinen Dorf auf Kreta scheint niemand Melinas krankem Bruder Yannis helfen zu können. Melina ist überzeugt, dass die plötzlich aufgetauchten Delfine ihren verstummten Bruder aus der unheimlichen Verstrickung erretten können. (Quelle: Verzeichnis ZKL).
 id : 237044 ISBN : 0744544483  | name : Mum and Dad and Me  |  description : Billedbog med kort tekst og letaflæselige illustrationer. I små præcise hverdagssituationer fortælles om samværet mellem far, mor og den lille lege- og kælesyge Mads
 id : 237045 ISBN : 0684830221  | name : The Small Business Handbook  |  description : Thinking about starting your own business? Or trying to prepare your business for the next century? Look no further than THE SMALL BUSINESS HANDBOOK, the world's most comprehensive guide to all aspects of starting and running your own enterprise. Newly revised and updated, this edition of the bestselling classic features all the latest information on financing and production, as well as up-to-date tax advice. It also remains the most complete introduction to business administration available.
 id : 237047 ISBN : 0434954209  | name : Meg and Mog  |  description : When Meg the witch and her cat Mog go to a halloween party, Meg makes a spell that goes BANG!
 id : 237048 ISBN : 0486298973  | name : Tender Buttons  |  description : This 1915 work exhibits the distinct prose style and thought-provoking experimental techniques for which its author is famous. One of Stein's most accessible and influential works.
 id : 237049 ISBN : 0753820099  | name : Snobs  |  description : 'Snobs' is a witty and enthralling contemporary comedy of manners set against the background of aristocracy, business and actors written by the Oscar winning screenwriter 'Gosford Park'.
 id : 237051 ISBN : 1852308621  | name : 13 to 19  |  description : A reassuring guide to all problems facing teenage life. Written by the author of best-selling hooks, Are You in Control and Dare!
 id : 237052 ISBN : 0385337396  | name : The Sun Road  |  description : Readers of Charming Billy and Crow Lake will identify the landscape of quiet pain and years-held secrets that informs the lives our narrator, Beth Standing, and her mother, Lizzie, a woman who seems to have never been happy. As a child, Beth escaped across the busy London road to her best friend's house, finding solace in the energetic Frederick family: the perfect antidote to the stifling atmosphere of her own home. There, the question of why Beth's family was "different" never really needed an answer. But as an adult embarking upon an affair with this childhood friend, Beth finds herself confronting memories she had long repressed as she faces the possible consequences of giving in to passion, and of losing one's future to the irrevocable choices of the past. The Sun Road marks a promising debut for Hannah MacDonald, a novel perfect for discussing, for sharing, and for probing the questions of love, loss, and finally, hope.
 id : 237053 ISBN : 031231566X  | name : The Palace of Heavenly Pleasure  |  description : In this sweeping Far Eastern epic in the tradition of James Clavell, a cast of innocents, fanatics, sinners, and lovers are drawn to an infamous brothel that overlooks an execution ground as the Boxer Rebellion erupts in China.
 id : 237058 ISBN : 0434002437  | name : Changing Babies  |  description : At the swimming pool, Duncan's mother was drying her hair. In the corner of the changing room he saw something he hadn't seen before: it was a big red plastic thing, on legs like a crib. He nudged his mum and pointed. What is that for? he shouted. She switched off the dryer, Whats what for? That. He pointed. Oh, it's for changing babies, she said and she switched on the dryer again. In Changing Babies, Duncan thinks his parents want to swap him for a new one. it is one story in a new collection of Deborah moggach's best, which will delight both die-hard fans and readers new to her. She writes of a woman who thinks she has found the perfect man until he becomes too mysterious for words, a rock star writing his memoirs who can't remember a thing, life and times in a caravan park, harassed teenagers and harangued fathers. There are opera lovers, Belgian lovers, young lovers, and romance in Manicharo Apartments, courtesy of Sunspan Holidays. . . . . .
 id : 237059 ISBN : 0091887569  | name : Potty Training in One Week  |  description : Gina Ford is the queen of routine, and one area she knows from experience that can be a big, scary hurdle for parents is potty training. The good news is that's it's very easy when you know all the tips and tricks and there is no need for tantrums or endless hours spent sitting with a toddler who refuses to go potty. This very clearly organised book answers all your questions and makes potty training easy, and even fun. You will quickly learn: How to know when your child is really ready How to make potty training fun for your child How to reward How to deal with little accidents Why you need a potty for upstairs and for downstairs How to help your child get over bed-wetting With a little know-how from one of the UK's leading parenting authors, potty training will be as easy as A, B, C.
 id : 237060 ISBN : 0094785201  | name : The Social Comedy  |  description : A humorous period novel in which the extremely wealthy society hostess, Lady Meavy, and her nubile daughter are lured by love to an island in the Black Sea, where they experience an array of horrors, such as having to work in order to eat and witnessing a civil war. By the author of HIS CHRISTMAS BOX and DUCHESS OF CASTILLE.
 id : 237061 ISBN : 0316858765  | name : Of Love and Slaughter  |  description : Against a background of the last decade's slaughter of the country, Angela Huth's new novel evokes two farmers struggling to save their marriages, while around them their animals and livelihood are threatened with extinction. Duff Elton has returned to his childhood farm in the west country with his new wife, Lily, while next door are his childhood friends, Nell and Paddy. Immediately there is tension as Nell's old love for Duff is rekindled. Paddy, with little time for girls as he farms single-handed is smitten by Duff's wife but keeps it to himself. Then Paddy's animals are wiped out and suicidal he turns to Duff for help. The solution - that Paddy and Nell should come and live in one half of Duff's house - is set to have chaotic and life changing consequences for all four characters.
 id : 237064 ISBN : 0863152287  | name : The Apple Cake  |  description : A classic story about sharing and caring, from a popular Dutch author
 id : 237067 ISBN : 0753403501  | name : Dazzling Diggers  |  description : A wacky animal crew take charge, inviting children to climb aboard a variety of machines as they scoop, scrunch and crunch their way around a building site. Full of the rhythm and wordplay. In 'Dazzling Diggers', a wacky animal crew take charge, inviting
 id : 237069 ISBN : 0028615999  | name : Finding Serenity in the Age of Anxiety  |  description : In a surprising solution to the age-old anxiety problem, Gerzon dispels the myth that all anxiety is bad and presents compelling evidence that, in its proper place, anxiety can lead to an exciting adventure of self-discovery. Using vivid examples and practical techniques, "Finding Serenity in the Age of Anxiety" shows readers how to use the different types of anxiety in order to find purpose and the "peace that passes understanding".
 id : 237071 ISBN : 0552528277  | name : Little Monster Did It!  |  description : This is a gentle, reassuring tale that explores one little girl's reaction to a new baby in the family.
 id : 237073 ISBN : 0375420835  | name : Status Anxiety  |  description : With characteristic originality, lucidity, and lan, de Botton addresses the anxieties that seem inextricably embedded in our pursuit of success and status, and explores what, if anything, we can do about them.
 id : 237074 ISBN : 3822812862  | name : DESSOUS  |  description : Del af serien Icons
 id : 237075 ISBN : 0749919949  | name : The Little Book of Detox  |  description : It's time to simplify. We can cleanse our minds, bodies, and spirits with this handy pocket guide. Each page shares a fabulous way to repair damage that the stress of modern life has created. Designed to carried in your pocket or purse, The Little Book of Detox can provide practical techniques to help you get through the stressful times. Containing everything from diet and exercise, to mind-cleansing advice, this guide is sure to inspire you to raise yourself to new heights of happiness.
 id : 237076 ISBN : 0374279721  | name : The Twenty-Seventh City  |  description : S. Jammu, a young, ambitious Indian woman, is sworn in as police chief of St. Louis where the acts of private citizens are monitored and the actions of Martin Probst and his family threatened to destroy her plan
 id : 237077 ISBN : 0091865859  | name : The Little Book of Stress  |  description : Rohan Candappa believes it's time to admit that stress is good. Because without stress, we would all be very nice and contented.Tips for increasing stress levels include choosing friends you don't like, and becoming a politician.
 id : 237078 ISBN : 0813332893  | name : The Gulag Archipelago, 1918-1956  |  description : The Gulag Archipelago is Solzhenitsyn's attempt to compile a literary-historical record of the vast system of prisons and labor camps that came into being shortly after the Bolsheviks seized power in Russia in 1917 and that underwent an enormous expansion during the rule of Stalin from 1924 to 1953. Various sections of the three volumes describe the arrest, interrogation, conviction, transportation, and imprisonment of the Gulag's victims by Soviet authorities over four decades. The work mingles historical exposition and Solzhenitsyn's own autobiographical accounts with the voluminous personal testimony of other inmates that he collected and committed to memory during his imprisonment.Upon publication of the first volume of The Gulag Archipelago, Solzhenitsyn was immediately attacked in the Soviet press. Despite the intense interest in his fate that was shown in the West, he was arrested and charged with treason on February 12, 1974, and was exiled from the Soviet Union the following day.
 id : 237080 ISBN : 041519749X  | name : The Internet  |  description : The Internet: A Philosophical Inquiry offers the first concise and accessible exploration of the issues which arise as we enter further into the world of Cyberspace.
 id : 237081 ISBN : 0330243217  | name : The Sea of Adventure  |  description : A mysterious trip to the desolate Northern Isles soon turns into a terrifying adventure when Bill is kidnapped! Marooned far from the mainland on a deserted coast, Philip, Dinah, Lucy-Ann and Jack find themselves playing a dangerous game with an unknown enemy. Will they escape with Bill, and their lives?
 id : 237082 ISBN : 1572970731  | name : The Encyclopedia of Fictional People  |  description : From Dr. Who to Nurse Ratched, from Cap'n Crunch to Mr. Whipple, The Encyclopedia of Fictional People has them all. Hundreds of photos and thousands of facts comprise this extensive and unique reference book, featuring biographies of fictional characters from film, TV, literature, advertising, comics, and theater.
 id : 237084 ISBN : 0898706807  | name : Roses, Fountains, and Gold  |  description : An exquisite, comprehensive and beautifully written study of the important role of Our Lady in history, art, literature, music, theology and apparition throughout history. This superb contribution to Mariology will appeal to both new and longtime Marian devotees as it stimulates the mind and inflames the spirit.
 id : 237086 ISBN : 0060012838  | name : Let Us Eat Cake  |  description : A charming memoir and cookbook that celebrates the connections women make through cooking and food Every woman has poignant food memories: The first time she helped her mother bake a cake, or helped her grandmother make blintzes, tortillas, or Southern fried chicken. And how about the times she and her girlfriends baked chocolate-chip cookies, or, later, prepared elaborate dinners to impress potential husbands? Let Us Eat Cake celebrates these connections. As a young girl, Sharon Boorstin helped her mother make tuna casseroles; on a college trip to Europe, she and her girlfriends compared men and restaurants with equal zest; after she became a food writer, Boorstin bonded with women in the food world, including Barbara Lazaroff (Mrs. Wolfgang) Puck and Julia Child. Today, after decades of food and cooking, Boorstin and the women in her life cook together for the sheer pleasure of it, and they have come to understand what truly makes for female friendships. With dozens of delicious recipes and vintage photos, this moving book will inspire readers to remember and cherish their own experiences with food and friends.
 id : 237087 ISBN : 0811830632  | name : Cosmic Grooves-Gemini  |  description : Are you "Hot Blooded"? A "Ramblin' Man"? "Do You Believe in Magic"? This exciting new series sheds fresh light on the power of the stars. Rhino Records, the leader of great music retrospective collections, and Chronicle Books have come together to assemble this astrological extravaganza. Colorful and vibrant, each of the twelve packages (one for every sign of the zodiac) contains a book as well as a tell-it-like-it-is CD with songs reflecting characteristics of that sign. If it's written in the stars, it's written in these pages--everything from personality assessment to insight into the work, home, style, health, and love arenas. Heed the valuable advice for avoiding potential relationship fiascos (Capricorns and Aries: steer clear!) and learn from references to famous couples. Discover why the Libra/Aquarius couple John Lennon and Yoko Ono came together blissfully while the volatile Scorpio/Sagittarius duo of Ike and Tina turner sent sparks flying. All this and more, plus a personalized CD that will have the sentimental Cancer reflecting on "This Magic Moment" by the Drifters and the honest and sincere Virgo jamming out to Aretha Franklin's "Ain't Nothing Like the Real Thing." Cosmic Grooves is not only an astrological guide to life but also the soundtrack for the journey.
 id : 237089 ISBN : 0811830578  | name : Cosmic Grooves-Aries  |  description : Are you "Hot Blooded"? A "Ramblin' Man"? "Do You Believe in Magic"? This exciting new series sheds fresh light on the power of the stars. Rhino Records, the leader of great music retrospective collections, and Chronicle Books have come together to assemble this astrological extravaganza. Colorful and vibrant, each of the twelve packages (one for every sign of the zodiac) contains a book as well as a tell-it-like-it-is CD with songs reflecting characteristics of that sign. If it's written in the stars, it's written in these pages--everything from personality assessment to insight into the work, home, style, health, and love arenas. Heed the valuable advice for avoiding potential relationship fiascos (Capricorns and Aries: steer clear!) and learn from references to famous couples. Discover why the Libra/Aquarius couple John Lennon and Yoko Ono came together blissfully while the volatile Scorpio/Sagittarius duo of Ike and Tina turner sent sparks flying. All this and more, plus a personalized CD that will have the sentimental Cancer reflecting on "This Magic Moment" by the Drifters and the honest and sincere Virgo jamming out to Aretha Franklin's "Ain't Nothing Like the Real Thing." Cosmic Grooves is not only an astrological guide to life but also the soundtrack for the journey
 id : 237090 ISBN : 185029934X  | name : Sensual Living  |  description : An interior-design book with an approach based on analyzing and making use of all the senses. The first five chapters look at the role our senses play in daily life. Images of interiors and of the world around us evoke special associations with particular senses. The final chapter, on the sixth sense, draws all the visual clues together and places them in context, showing room settings in their entirety.
 id : 237092 ISBN : 0340857854  | name : Key Studies in Psychology  |  description : " ... full and detailed summaries of 33 research reports and studies drawn from all major areas of psychology... Before each summary, the study is put into a theoretical, practical and/or socio-historical context, and details of its aims, hypotheses, method and design are presented. Following each summary, an evaluation of the sutdy is provided, focusing on major theoretical and methodological issues, subsequent research, and applications and implications"-- cover.
 id : 237094 ISBN : 184121731X  | name : My Shimmery Glimmery Book  |  description : This is a first concept book for toddlers with coloured holographic paper on every page. The appealing artworks illustrate five subjects: colours, shapes, counting, opposites and getting dressed.
 id : 237097 ISBN : 0744555728  | name : We're Going on a Bear Hunt  |  description : Go on a bear hunt and do the actions with this award-winning picture book classic. Follow and join in the family's excitement as they wade through the grass, splash through the river and squelch through the mud in search of a bear. What a surprise awaits them in the cave on the other side of the dark forest.
 id : 237098 ISBN : 1559720891  | name : Simon and Garfunkel  |  description : Traces the lives, friendship, and careers of Paul Simon and Art Garfunkel from their beginnings as "Tom and Jerry" through their days as a successful duo, to their present solo careers
 id : 237101 ISBN : 0380793989  | name : Getting Over Him  |  description : The quintessential Cosmo handbook, this guide offers invaluable advice on how to get over the break-up and move on. Here is surefire medicine for a complete emotional recovery--including tips on how to stop obsessing, how to regain self-esteem and start dating again, even the best ways to get revenge.
 id : 237102 ISBN : 0340697113  | name : Gemini  |  description : This guide aims to help Geminis reach their full potential by examining their star sign, making the most of their assets, benefitting from their weak points, excelling at work and succeeding in relationships. It also describes how compatible Geminis are with every other birth sign.
 id : 237105 ISBN : 0553576372  | name : The Memoirs of Elizabeth Frankenstein  |  description : Tormented by shame and anger, Victor turns to the "unhallowed arts" that result in his misbegotten Creature, the vengeful fiend who will haunt Elizabeth's fatal wedding night.
 id : 237107 ISBN : 0151002649  | name : The Sunday Macaroni Club  |  description : In Philadelphia, lady district attorney Lisa Savitch is ordered to bring to justice a cabal of crooked politicians living on gambling money. This is the first assignment for Savitch since she moved in disgrace from Boston following a sex scandal involving a prosecutor.
 id : 237108 ISBN : 0684838400  | name : The Shadow Negotiation  |  description : Written exclusively for women, this title includes tips on how to recognize the shadow negotiation: unspoken attitudes, hidden assumptions, and conflicting agendas that drive the bargaining process.
 id : 237109 ISBN : 0890878110  | name : Raising a Son  |  description : Sons need firm, kind leadership. One of the few parenting books that husbands steal from their wives, this is the straightforward, easy-to-read family bookshelf standard with over 250,000 copies in print.
 id : 237110 ISBN : 1582340048  | name : Cave in the Snow  |  description : Dianne Perry led an average childhood in London's East End until, in her teens, she became convinced there must be a spiritual dimension to life of a kind unavailable to her. After reading a book on Buddhism she realized that this was what she had been seeking and left England for India at the age of twenty. After considerable searching she entered a monastery. The only woman among hundreds of men, she grew determined to break down the prejudices that had excluded women from the path to enlightenment for thousands of years. She left after six years, set on attaining enlightenment in the body of a woman; a totally radical objective. She decided to seclude herself in a remote cave, 12,00 feet up in the Himalayas. For twelve years she faced unimaginable cold, wild animals, floods and rockfalls, grew her own food and slept in a traditional wooden meditation box, three feet square---she never lay down. In 1988 she emerged from the cave determined to build a convent in northern India, and to revive the Togdenma lineage, a long-forgotten female spiritual elite. From living as a mendicant of $80 a year, she became a globe-trotting fundraiser. Tenzin Palmo has agreed to tell her story only to Vicki Mackenzie.
 id : 237111 ISBN : 039331524X  | name : The Godless Constitution  |  description : The Godless Constitution is a ringing rebuke to the religious right's attempts, fueled by misguided and inaccurate interpretations of American history, to dismantle the wall between church and state erected by the country's founders. The authors, both distinguished scholars, revisit the historical roots of American religious freedom, paying particular attention to such figures as John Locke, Roger Williams, and especially Thomas Jefferson, and examine the controversies, up to the present day, over the proper place of religion in our political life. With a new chapter that explores the role of religion in the public life of George W. Bush's America, The Godless Constitution offers a bracing return to the first principles of American governance.
 id : 237112 ISBN : 1558533656  | name : The All-American Cowboy Cookbook  |  description : Real cowboys can ride, shoot, rope . . . and cook Whether they are riding the range under a blazing Texas sun or a cool Montana moon, or working on a hollywood sound stage, cowboys and cowgirls can work up a hearty appetite. The All-American Cowboy Cookbook is filled to the brim with favorite recipes from the country's most famous western stars'from the Silver Screen and television to rodeo heroes and cooks on real working ranches, as well as recipes from some of the best cowboy balladeers ever to lasso a microphone. Inside you will find a variety of cowboy fare'from John Wayne's favorite grits recipe to James Arness's Gunsmokin' Chili and Clint Eastwood's Spaghetti Western. Here too are chicken and dumplings from Roy Rogers, chilies rellenos from James Garner, and cherished family recipes from Annie Oakley star Gail Davis. There's much more including a breakfast delight from Gregory Peck, Walter Brennan's clam showder, and Gene Autry's delicious peanut butter pie. Singers George Strait, Johnny Cash, Waylon Jennings, and Michael Martin Murphey are among those who have shared their mouth-watering recipes. And your taste buds will giddyup for recipes from Brooks & Dunn, Patsy Montana, Randolph Scott, the Sons of the Pioneers and a corral full of more than 150 other cowboy stars. Loaded with nearly 200 classic photographs and saddlebags full of Old West memories and fun trivia teasers, The All-American Cowboy Cookbook is sure to cause a stampede to the dinner table when you holler, "Come and git it "
 id : 237114 ISBN : 0881849723  | name : The Fine Art of Murder  |  description : Features interviews, essays, photographic layouts, and recommended reading lists, with contributions by such notables as Robert Bloch, Dorothy Cannell, and Bill Pronzini
 id : 237115 ISBN : 0787938858  | name : Crime Classification Manual  |  description : Leads to an increased understanding of the nature of crimes and the individuals who commit them/ This landmark book standardizes for the first time the language and terminology used throughout the criminal justice system. It classifies the critical characteristics of the perpetrators and victims of the three major violent crimes--murder, arson, and sexual assault--based upon the motivation of the offAnder.Based on the primary intent of the criminal, the Crime Classification Manual leads to an increased understanding of the nature of crime and of the individuals who commit such crimes. This is an indispensable reference for anyone whose work brings them into contact with either the offAnder or victim of violent crime. The Crime Classification Manual: standardizes terminology within the criminal justice field facilitates communication within the criminal justice field and between criminal justice and mental health develops a data base for investigative research A decade in development, this work forms the basis of contemporary investigative profiling, the highly acclaimed strategy in which crimes are solved by generating a profile of the suspect. This best-selling manual provides law enforcement and mental health professionals access to the same information used by the FBI to coordinate their investigations. Also available is the Pocket Guide to the Crime Classification Manual, which presents in handy outline form the data in the main volume and serves as a quick in-the-field reference tool.
 id : 237116 ISBN : 1843580098  | name : Trust Me I'm a Doctor  |  description : How do you spot if your surgeon's a dud? Did you know that coffee-drinkingessens the risk of sucide? That one third of the 62 different sorts ofrtificial hip on the market have not been properly tested? That most casesf AIDS in babies are preventable?;"Trust me (I'm a doctor)" examines healthssues from a consumer's perspective, exposing the myths and reluctance ofhe medical profession to pass on findings to patients.
 id : 237117 ISBN : 1558154175  | name : Crime  |  description : All the central issues in today's crime debate are covered in this book, including the effects of biomedical, family, neighborhood, and economic factors on criminality; how prosecutors and judges deal with offenders; the special problem of juvenile crime and gangs; the growth in prison populations and its effects - and much more. Many of the policies now being implemented do not reflect the current state of knowledge about what works and what doesn't in crime control.
 id : 237119 ISBN : 0440125561  | name : FLEETING IMAGES  |  description : In the dazzling world of money and fashion, they played intimate games for power and love Jessie-Anne, Gala-Rose, Danae, and Caroline—four beautiful women—each with a fabulous talent that would sweep her to the pinnacle of success. They moved from the strobe-lit world of high-fashion shoots, to the elite salons of New York and Paris, to exotic Eleuthera and elegant St. Moritz. Their lives were the stuff of other women’s dreams, yet behind the opulence, the glamour, the passionate extravagance, were aching needs—the hunger for love that could destroy it all. “Elizabeth Adler weaves the saga and mystery genres together.”—Kirkus Reviews
 id : 237121 ISBN : 0061082899  | name : Straight from the Heart  |  description : Zoey Donavan might have it made in New York City, but at 35, she wants more than what her successful photography career offers. Secretly she longs for a real family life, shared with someone who doesn't value work above everything else.
 id : 237122 ISBN : 1854594109  | name : Edward II  |  description : Drama Classics: The World's Great Plays at a Great Little Price The political tragedy of a King ruled by his infatuation for young Gaveston. Set in early fourteenth-century Britain, Christopher Marlowe's play follows Edward II as he indulges his passion and renounces his duties, and ultimately pays the price for forsaking his country. Set Text ” Edward II is a set text for AQA English Literature A/AS Level. This edition of Edward II, in the Nick Hern Books Drama Classics series, is edited and introduced by Peter J. Smith.
 id : 237123 ISBN : 8481360325  | name : Nosotras que nos queremos tanto  |  description : Cartoné. "El día en que el hombre se apoderó del lenguaje se apoderó de la historia y de la vida. Al hacerlo nos silenció. Yo diría que la gran revolución de este siglo es que las mujeres recuperen la voz". Cuatro mujeres chilenas, profesionales, situadas en la mitad de sus vidas, se reúnen junto a un lago para contar sus experiencias. Un torrente de testimonios distintos se entrecruzan sobre un paisaje íntimo común: la enorme capacidad de amar; la vulnerabilidad en el terreno afectivo, pese a los logros en el profesional; el costo de los sueños... Son la suma de muchas mujeres que he conocido en mi vida y que materialmente habitan en mí, dice Marcela. Esta obra recibió el premio a la mejor novela latinoamericana escrita por una mujer.
 id : 237124 ISBN : 0385312504  | name : Rock She Wrote  |  description : Women writing about rock and pop music.
 id : 237125 ISBN : 1855382962  | name : Dictionary of Symbols  |  description : The author draws from the collective wisdom of the great psychologists, particularly Jung, to create a guide to the language of symbols.
 id : 237126 ISBN : 1557784434  | name : Writing and Selling Magazine Articles  |  description : With over 11,000 publicatons, magazines are the most flourishing market for both the aspiring and professional writer. But it is a constantly changing market that requires know-how and skill to succeed in. This book eliminates the guesswork and teaches the science of getting an article published. From query letters to the final draft to anticipating potential pitfalls and problems, this manual provides solid insider information on what articles sell and how and who to sell them to.
 id : 237129 ISBN : 0898795486  | name : Write Tight  |  description : Telling writers how to say exactly what they want with grace and power, using not only the right word, but also the right number of words, Brohaugh tackles the compactness, concision and precision of writing with specific instructions and helpful exercises that help the writer explore the middle ground between tight and wordy.
 id : 237130 ISBN : 0898798663  | name : Writer's Complete Fantasy Reference  |  description : Featuring an introduction by Terry Brooks, The Writer's Complete Fantasy Reference is an A to Z coverage of the realm of the fantastic. Annotation. This reference book provides A-to-Z coverage of the realm of the fantastic, offering writers of science fiction, fantasy, horror, and historical fiction vivid and detailed descriptions of the legendary humans, animals, societies, and religions that make the genre exciting and imaginative.
 id : 237131 ISBN : 1557734100  | name : Skylark  |  description : Hannah Bradley, an unbridled spirit and traveling circus performer, and Quinton Blackthorne, a conservative nobleman, go against their families' wishes and run away together
 id : 237132 ISBN : 188491019X  | name : Revision  |  description : With rousing enthusiasm, David Michael Kaplan introduces you to his unique brand of revision: a process of discovery in which your story's words, structure, even its very meaning may change as it grows stronger. He takes you through every stage of the writing process, providing strategies and criteria to help pinpoint the problems in your work and fix them. In addition to illustrating his points with examples from contemporary writers, Kaplan traces the evolution of three of his own stories from journal entries to first (and subsequent) drafts to finished pieces. He shows the changes he made - from single words to entire characters and story lines - and explains why he made them.
 id : 237133 ISBN : 0061082104  | name : The Coming Home Place  |  description : Handsome rancher James Kagan had closed his heart when his childhood sweetheart died, and beautiful Elizabeth Beck had lost everyone on the journey from Tennessee to California, but they discover that the only place they truly belong is in each other's arms. Original.
 id : 237135 ISBN : 0898796652  | name : Writing Personal Essays  |  description : Shows writers how to turn memories into works that will interest and captivate readers.
 id : 237136 ISBN : 0965608611  | name : Been There, Should've Done that  |  description : Contains advice from students on how to make the most of the college years, discussing money, roommates, orientation, grade point averages, how to choose courses, note-taking, partying, and other topics.
 id : 237139 ISBN : 0843933321  | name : Another Eden  |  description : A New York Times Bestselling Author Beautiful, sensitive and aristocratic, Sara was tired of lying to protect brutal, grasping Ben Cochrane, tired of pretending that her life of luxury was anything but a gilded cage. And from the moment her eyes first met Alex McKie's, she knew that he saw through the tissue of lies to the desperate, yearning woman beneath. Their love was forbidden, but how could it be wrong? Available only in Americana 5.
 id : 237140 ISBN : 0751520942  | name : Breach of Promise  |  description : When Rory Gallagher calls off his wedding to childhood sweetheart Kate Dowie, she vows never to return to Tonsbry, the Wiltshire country estate that has been her family's home for generations. Jilted only hours from the altar, she has no choice but to re-build her life in London. As heir to the estate however, Kate cannot stay away for ever. After the death of her uncle Leo, her inheritance brings back memories. It also brings her massive debts, the threat of re-possession from a City loan company, and the devasting news that Rory is living and working in the grounds. They have one hope of saving the property: an ambitious plan to revive the gin distillery that once operated on the estate. Despite their new relationships, working together begins to heal Kate and Rory's emotional wounds...
 id : 237143 ISBN : 0451525558  | name : The Voyage Out  |  description : The voyage to South America undertaken by English tourists is paralleled with a young woman's painful journey from childish naivete to maturity
 id : 237147 ISBN : 0671740784  | name : The Cry of the Onlies  |  description : Negotiations between Captain Kirk and the ruling Council of Youngers on the planet Boaca Six are shattered when a Boacan vessel is destroyed--by an experimental Federation ship. In order to prevent full-scale war, the Enterprise must recapture the stolen Starfleet vessel and confront the galaxy's most r eclusive genius and long-buried secrets of Kirk's past.
 id : 237148 ISBN : 1558687629  | name : Culture Shock!  |  description : From its early history as a nation of Viking warriors, Denmark has evolved into a modern state with a society characterised by a humanitarian outlook. Culture Shock! Denmark will help you to make the most out of your time in Denmark and will help you interact more closely with the Danish people, by giving you practical advice on how to deal with daily situations. Book jacket.
 id : 237150 ISBN : 0451625838  | name : In Search of L.L. Bean  |  description : An extraordinary book about the mystique of Leon Leonwood Bean, the eccentric man who parlayed his "country store" into a mail-order empire with annual sales over $20 million, and has catered to generations of sportsmen, Preppies and Yuppies.
 id : 237152 ISBN : 1854592920  | name : Pentecost  |  description : The newest play by one of England's leading playwrights.
 id : 237155 ISBN : 0141182466  | name : Sons and Lovers  |  description : Gertrude Morel, a delicate yet determined woman, no longer loves her boorish, inarticulate husband and devotes herself to her sons William and Paul. Inevitably there is conflict when Paul falls in love and seeks to escape his mother's suffocating grasp. Set in the period leading up to the First World War, Lawrence's modern masterpiece reflects the problems of transition between the agricultural past and the industrial future, between one generation and the next, and between childhood and adolescence. The Cambridge D. H. Lawrence edition of Sons and Lovers contains the complete, restored text which was first published in 1992 and is a tenth longer than previous editions. 'The closeness and richness of experience... comes fizzing out of words and pages.' John Bayley, London Review of Books
 id : 237157 ISBN : 0140587357  | name : Selected Poems  |  description : The author's own selection of the best poems from her four published selections Standing Female Nude (1985), Selling Manhattan (1987), The Other Country (1990) and Mean Time (1993). Carol Ann Duffy is one of Britain's most outstanding young poets.
 id : 237158 ISBN : 0140437932  | name : Plays Unpleasant  |  description : Exclusive to Penguin Classics: the definitive text of Shaw’s volume of “unpleasant” plays, Widowers’ Houses, The Philanderer, and Mrs. Warren’s Profession—part of the official Bernard Shaw Library A Penguin Classic With Plays Unpleasant, Shaw issued a radical challenge to his audiences’ complacency and exposed social evils through his dramatization of the moral conflicts between youthful idealism and economic reality, promiscuity and marriage, and the duties of women to others and to themselves. His first play, Widowers’ Houses, depicts Harry Trench’s dilemma on learning that the inheritance of his fiancée comes from her father’s income as a slum landlord. In The Philanderer, charismatic Leonard Charteris proposes marriage to Grace, while he is still involved with the beautiful Julia Craven—who is not inclined to give him up so easily. And in Mrs. Warren's Profession, Vivie Warren is forced to reconsider her own future when she discovers that her mother's immoral earnings funded her genteel upbringing. This is the definitive text under the editorial supervision of Dan H. Laurence. This volume includes Shaw’s prefaces, cast lists from the first productions of the plays, and a list of his principal works.
 id : 237159 ISBN : 0141186984  | name : Mi Revalueshanary Fren  |  description : Pioneering reggae poet Linton Kwesi Johnson revolutionized literary English with his electrifying fusion of oral verse, Jamaican Creole, radical politics and dub rhythms. This major selection of his best poems includes many previously unpublished works. Covering three decades, they articulate the reality of the black experience in Britain, ranging from angry protests against racism and police brutality to moving eulogies for departed family and friends and playful celebrations of urban life. There are classic poems from Johnson's early collections, including 'Inglan is a Bitch' and 'Tings an Times', together with powerful recent works such as 'If I Woz a Tap-Natch Poet', 'BG (For Bernie Grant)' and 'New World Hawdah'.
 id : 237161 ISBN : 0424001780  | name : A Dictionary of Australian Colloquialisms  |  description : Now available in a fourth, revised, and greatly expanded edition, A Dictionary of Australian Colloquialisms records the ingenuity of the Australian vernacular and provides a unique insight into Australian life and culture. This well-known dictionary, first published in 1978, offers the first and the most recent colloquial coinages. Words and idioms are drawn from a wide range of historical and contemporary sources--chiefly newspapers, magazines and novels--and each entry is shown in context, with origins and derivations.
 id : 237162 ISBN : 0140707123  | name : King Richard the Third  |  description : Skuespil.
 id : 237164 ISBN : 0399102264  | name : Dune Messiah  |  description : For use in schools and libraries only. The sisterhood of the Bene Gesserit plots to seize control of the galaxy-wide empire of their supernatural leader.
 id : 237166 ISBN : 006039384x  | name : Mirror Mirror  |  description : A lyrical work of stunning creative vision, Mirror Mirror is set in Renaissance Italy, where Gregory Maguire draws a connection between the poison apple in the original Snow White story and the Borgia family's well-known appetite for poisoning its foes. In Mirror Mirror Snow White is called Bianca de Nevada. She is born on a farm in Tuscany in 1495, and when she is seven, her father is ordered by the duplicitous Cesare Borgia to go on a quest to reclaim the relic of the original Tree of Knowledge, a branch bearing three living apples that are thousands of years old. Bianca is left in the care of her father's farm staff and the beautiful—and madly vain—Lucrecia Borgia, Cesare's sister. But Lucrecia becomes jealous of her lecherous brother's interest in the growing child and plots a dire fate for Bianca in the woods below the farm. There Bianca finds herself in the home of seven dwarves—the creators of the magic mirror—who await the return of their brother, the eighth dwarf, long gone on a quest of his own. In the evocative style of Maguire's earlier novels, Mirror Mirror is a fresh, compelling take on a beloved classic tale.
 id : 237167 ISBN : 0802408613  | name : Alabaster Doves  |  description : Meet nine women, quiet heroines who lived their day-to-day lives in an extraordinary fashion--and in doing so, left a legacy of hope for women today. These stories are beautifully retold in a compact format, rich in imagery, and are ideal for enriching a daily devotion or providing a moment of inspiration tucked into an otherwise hectic day.
 id : 237168 ISBN : 0804831734  | name : Simple Taoism  |  description : Simple Taoism is designed to help the reader understand what Taoism is about and to help apply its best aspects to everyday living. Divided into three parts, the book outlines: A clear explanation of Taoism and how to apply its best aspects to your daily life. Simple instructions for exercises to lead a fuller life—meditation, breathing, chi kung, and tai chi chuan. An informative discussion of key Taoist concepts, including wu-wei (nonaction), yin and yang, and Te (power virtue, life).
 id : 237169 ISBN : 0520073908  | name : Calligrammes  |  description : A fully annotated, bilingual edition, Calligrammes is a key work not only in Apollinaire’s own development but also in the evolution of modern French poetry. Apollinaire—Roman by birth, Polish by name (Wilhelm-Apollinaris de Kostrowitski), Parisian by choice—died at thirty-eight in 1918. Nevertheless, he became one of the leading figures in twentieth-century poetry, a transitional figure whose work at once echoes the Symbolists and anticipates the work of the Surrealists. Calligrammes is a key work not only in Apollinaire's own development but in the evolution of modern French poetry. Roman by birth, Polish by name (Wilhelm-Apollinaris de Kostrowitski), Parisian by choice, Apollinaire was one of the leading figures in twentieth-century poetry, a transitional figure whose work at once echoes the Symbolists and anticipates the Surrealists.
 id : 237172 ISBN : 0142501611  | name : The Whim of the Dragon  |  description : Ted, Ruth, Patrick, Laura, and Ellen are summoned back to the Secret Country for a final showdown with the unknown, and they need Chryse, the unicorn, and Belaparthalion, the dragon, to uncover hidden truths.
 id : 237173 ISBN : 0061054674  | name : Peril's Gate  |  description : On the world of Athera, the fate of all realms hangs on the resolution of the brutal conflict born of prince against prince. Branded a minion of evil -- escaping the death sentence imposed by his half-brother Lysaer and his Alliance of Light -- Arithon, Master of Shadow, now faces the last choice remaining to him in the merciless winter wilds: to cast his lot with a renegade enchanter whom Arithon dares not trust ... or die by the swords of fanatical enemies.
 id : 237174 ISBN : 0786840153  | name : Mufasa's Little Instruction Book  |  description : Mufasa's advice to Simba on how to live a happy and rewarding life
 id : 237175 ISBN : 0963926209  | name : The Master Cleanser  |  description : The Master Cleanser diet otherwise known as the lemonade diet has been around close to 50 years. It's the easiest, most delicious, effective cleansing and weight loss diet available. You can feel good and get rid of what ails you. This diet has been used for every health problem with great success .
 id : 237176 ISBN : 0441011691  | name : Shadow War  |  description : Fantasy.
 id : 237177 ISBN : 0441011667  | name : Reign of Shadows  |  description : Fantasy.
 id : 237178 ISBN : 0732266483  | name : Spellbound  |  description : A personal guide to the enchanted world of spells, rituals and magic.
 id : 237180 ISBN : 0786002417  | name : Slow Burn  |  description : As victims across America begin to die as the result of inexplicable cases of spontaneous combustion, two women, Velvet and Robby, who accidentally stumble upon a monstrous conspiracy, flee, with the FBI and a gang of terrorists in hot pursuit. Original.
 id : 237181 ISBN : 1931498016  | name : Slow Food  |  description : Remember the days before the dot.com explosion, before Golden Arches rose from the Great Plains, before the Age of Information, when the only commodity that wasn't in short supply in America was time? Time to relax and reflect, time to cook well, eat well, and live the life of sustainable hedonism. Today we pound down our Big Mac and fries as we check our e-mail on our collective Palm Pilots, at the expense of true nourishment for our bodies and souls. "Enough!" says Carlo Petrini, the founder ofSlow Food International, a movement that encourages us to turn down the volume, unplug the answering machine, and enjoy life to its fullest. Away with nutraceutical soft drinks and breakfast cereals made from refined sugar and shaped liked clowns. Bring back the pleasure of the palate, and return the humanity to food. More than 60,000 members worldwide now belong to the Slow Food movement, which believes that the slow shall inherit the earth. Slow Food: Collected Thoughts on Taste, Tradition, and the Honest Pleasures of Food is an anthology for cooks, gourmets, and anyone who is passionate about food and its impact on our culture. Drawn from five years of the quarterly journalSlow (only recently available in America), this book includes more than 100 articles covering eclectic topics from "Falafel" to "Fat City." From the market at Ulan Bator in Mongolia to Slow Food Down Under, this book offers an armchair tour of the exotic and bizarre. You'll pass through Vietnam's Snake Tavern, enjoy the Post-Industrial Pint of Beer, and learn why the lascivious villain in Indian cinema always eats Tandoori Chicken. The articles are contributed by some of the world's top food writers. Slow Food is moving fast in North America, with more than 5,000 members, loosely organized into 55 "Convivia," from Montreal to San Francisco, benefiting from enormous free publicity. Slow Food offers a clear alternative to the "fast food nation" (the title of Eric Schlosser's great book on the horrors of the fast food biz). This is a perfect follow-up to Joan Dye Gussow'sThis Organic Life, and is proof positive that he or she who lives slow, lives best.
 id : 237182 ISBN : 039456152X  | name : Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle-Stop Cafe  |  description : A folksy, funny and endearing story of life in a small town in Alabama in the Depression and in the 1980s. However, the novel's laughter and tears are interrupted by a strange murder and a still stranger trial.
 id : 237183 ISBN : 1557738866  | name : Embrace of the Wolf  |  description : Molly Snow arrives in the coastal town of Surfbreak to research its past. It was here that one brave explorer ventured long ago--and here that he died. Molly wants to know what happened to Alfred Aowl . . . and why the maps he drew of the region depict places that don't exist. But her interest in Aowl and his feud with the Indians resurrects dark forces only a shaman could understand.
 id : 237185 ISBN : 0060280778  | name : Monster  |  description : Sometimes I feel like I have walked into the middle of a movie. Maybe I can make my own movie. The film will be the story of my life. No, not my life, but of this experience. I'll call it what the lady who is the prosecutor called me. MONSTER. FADE IN: INTERIOR COURT. A guard sits at a desk behind Steve. Kathy O'Brien, Steve's lawyer, is all business as she talks to Steve. O'BRIEN Let me make sure you understand what's going on. Both you and this king character are on trial for felony murder. Felony Murder is as serious as it gets. . . . When you're in court, you sit there and pay attetion. You let the jury know that you think the case is a serious as they do. . . . STEVE You think we're going to win ? O'BRIEN (seriously) It probably depends on what you mean by "win." Sixteen-year-old Steve Harmon is on trial for murder. A Harlem drugstore owner was shot and killed in his store, and the word is that Steve served as the lookout. Guilty or innocent, Steve becomes a pawn in the hands of "the system," cluttered with cynical authority figures and unscrupulous inmates, who will turn in anyone to shorten their own sentences. For the first time, Steve is forced to think about who he is as he faces prison, where he may spend all the tomorrows of his life. As a way of coping with the horrific events that entangle him, Steve, an amateur filmmaker, decides to transcribe his trial into a script, just like in the movies. He writes it all down, scene by scene, the story of how his whole life was turned around in an instant. But despite his efforts, reality is blurred and his vision obscured until he can no longer tell who he is or what is the truth. This compelling novel is Walter Dean Myers's writing at its best. 2000 Coretta Scott King Honor Book, 2000 Michael L. Printz Award, 1999 National Book Award Finalist, 01 Heartland Award for Excellence in YA Lit Finalist, 00-01 Tayshas High School Reading List, and 00-01 Black-Eyed Susan Award Masterlist 2000 Best Books for Young Adults (ALA), Hornbook Fanfare 2000, Michael L. Printz Award 2000, 2000 Coretta Scott King Award Author Honor Book, 2000 Quick Picks for Young Adults (Recomm. Books for Reluctant Young Readers), and 2000 Best Books for Young Adults (ALA)
 id : 237186 ISBN : 1563976390  | name : I Never Said I Wasn't Difficult  |  description : In these four collections of verse (The Dog Ate My Homework, I Never Said I Wasn't Difficult, Am I Naturally This Crazy? and Which Way to the Dragon!), Sara Holbrook deals honestly with issues facing adolescents: school, divorce, anger, violence, love, friendship, and self-esteem. Through her straight-talk style, Holbrook captures the joys, pains, and attitudes that preteens and teenagers feel and provides a message of understanding that readers will appreciate.
 id : 237190 ISBN : 0892838418  | name : A Grief Sanctified  |  description : Richard Baxter, a prominent 17th-century pastor and author, was devastated when his wife, Margaret, died at the age of 45. One month after her death, he penned a lover's tribute and a believer's celebration of God's love. Beloved theologian J.I. Packer has edited Baxter's memoir for today's reader and has included it along with his own wise reflections--offering encouragement for those who have known or are now suffering grief.
 id : 237191 ISBN : 078140245X  | name : The Family Book of Christian Values  |  description : A collection of contemporary and classic Bible-based stories and verse which reinforce personal, spiritual, and relational values
 id : 237192 ISBN : 0345432932  | name : Boomernomics  |  description : Offer an analysis of the escalating competition among the world's growing economies and explain how Americans can survive and thrive in spite of it
 id : 237193 ISBN : 1878424521  | name : Prayers  |  description : Draws on the four guided principles for life transformation presented in The Four Agreements in an inspirational collection of the author's favorite prayers, meditations, and reflections on topics such as wisdom, healing, courage, love, integrity, forgiveness, freedom, truth, and happiness. Original. 100,000 first printing.
 id : 237194 ISBN : 0849940885  | name : Hope Again  |  description : Charles Swindoll uses the example of the apostle Peter to show readers how to find hope after pain, loss, or disappointment. This is the paperback version of Swindoll's bestselling book.
 id : 237198 ISBN : 1591292425  | name : Memories Die Last  |  description : Former CIA agent Nick Seven is living in Key Largo, trying to put his past behind him. However, he reluctantly returns to work in order to help capture a terrorist.
 id : 237199 ISBN : 0595215289  | name : Valley of the Shadow  |  description : A parent's worst nightmare is realized. Ten year old Michael Thompson left the park on his way home and hasn't been seen since. Hot on the heels of the abduction murder of another area youth, veteran cop Jim Stevens is sucked into the most critical case of his career. He is obsessed by the investigation even as it threatens to consume him. If he survives he will never be the same. Captain of Detectives Al Donovan, a fire-eater from the old school, is chosen to spearhead the task force which is hastily assembled to meet this terrifying new threat. Jack Connors is a mysterious stranger who might well be something other than what he appears. Who is he and why is he here? Sarah Collins is a gentle young widow who silently bears a terrible burden and struggles to raise a two year old son in a world turned upside down. As the investigation proceeds and the action snowballs to a searing climax, the police leave no stone unturned in a frantic effort to locate their suspect.
 id : 237200 ISBN : 0316574732  | name : Fat Free, Flavor Full  |  description : No fat with a tasty new twist! Dr. Gabe Mirkin has helped thousands of Americans lose weight and lower their cholesterol through his nationally syndicated radio talk shows and fitness newsletter. Here he presents 250 deliciously simple, meatless recipes plus a medically tested health-and-fitness plan--a must for anyone who wants to lost weight and feel better. Line drawings.
 id : 237201 ISBN : 081181226X  | name : So-- You Want to be an Innkeeper  |  description : This long-awaited new edition of a bestseller has been completely updated for the '90s and includes a new chapter on dinner service. The ultimate resource for innkeeping, it contains savvy insider information on how to start, operate, and promote a successful establishment. With substantial revisions and expanded scope, So-You Want to Be an Innkeeper is the essential guide for anyone who dreams of entering this lucrative and enjoyable profession.
 id : 237202 ISBN : 0679725202  | name : Heaven  |  description : Looks at images of heaven developed in poetry, art, literature, and popular culture, and describes the concept of heaven in modern Christianity
 id : 237203 ISBN : 0340595159  | name : Latin American Spanish  |  description : Designed for adult learners seeking to acquire practical communication skills in Latin-American Spanish. This book is suitable for beginners or for those wishing to refresh or advance their knowledge. There is also a book/cassette pack available.
 id : 237204 ISBN : 0060162201  | name : The First Love Stories  |  description : "Seven original classic love stories such as "Inanna and Dumuzi," "Shiva and Sati," "The Song of Songs," "Psyche and Eros," and more, are newly re-told."--Publisher's description.
 id : 237206 ISBN : 0670862231  | name : The Portrait of Dr. Gachet  |  description : At a star-studded auction in 1990, a painting was sold for the record-breaking price of $82.5 million. That painting, Vincent van Gogh's Portrait of Dr. Gachet, has seemed to countless admirers to portray our times as "something bright in spite of its inevitable griefs." This fascinating book reconstructs the painting's journey and becomes a rich story of modernist art and the forces behind the art market. Masterfully evoked are the lives of the thirteen extraordinary people who owned the painting and shaped its history: avant-garde European collectors, pioneering dealers in Paris and Berlin, a brilliant medievalist who acquired it for one of Germany's great museums, and a member of the Nazi elite who sold it after it had been confiscated as a work of "degenerate art." Remarkable and riveting, The Portrait of Dr. Gachet illuminates, in dramatic detail, the dynamics of the art market and of culture in our time.
 id : 237208 ISBN : 0684860686  | name : The Awful Secret  |  description : As Sir John de Wolfe recovers from the broken leg inflicted at the end of CROWNER'S QUEST, he finds himself embroiled in a strange death at Ilfracombe when a wreck is washed ashore with a corpse aboard. Soon involved in investigating piracy and murder, he is distracted by a stalker in the dark streets of Exeter. But this desperate man proves to be an old Crusading acquaintance of Crowner John, now a renegade from the illustrious Order to which he belongs, on the run from their vengeance as he has threatened to expose a secret that could shake Christendom to its roots. As John tries to help the man, the plot thickens until he is risking the enmity of the Pope himself and must finally use his involvement with the pirates to save his life.
 id : 237209 ISBN : 0802732267  | name : Yakuza, Go Home!  |  description : When a Japanese crime lord begins a reign of terror in Bayport, Texas, chief of police Mark Shigata must fight to protect his own family and come to terms with a Japanese tradition he does not share.
 id : 237211 ISBN : 0670838136  | name : Spontaneous Combustion  |  description : In this sequel to the author's first novel, Eighty-Sixed, B.J. Rosenthal continues his tale of life in the post-AIDS gay community of New York in the late-1980's.
 id : 237214 ISBN : 0395860520  | name : The Best American Essays 1998  |  description : Compiles the best literary essays of the year originally published in American periodicals
 id : 237215 ISBN : 0393311449  | name : Identity Youth and Crisis  |  description : Identity: Youth and Crisis collects Erik H. Erikson's major essays on topics originating in the concept of the adolescent identity crisis. Identity, Erikson writes, is an unfathomable as it is all-pervasive. It deals with a process that is located both in the core of the individual and in the core of the communal culture. As the culture changes, new kinds of identity questions arise—Erikson comments, for example, on issues of social protest and changing gender roles that were particular to the 1960s. Representing two decades of groundbreaking work, the essays are not so much a systematic formulation of theory as an evolving report that is both clinical and theoretical. The subjects range from "creative confusion" in two famous lives—the dramatist George Bernard Shaw and the philosopher William James—to the connection between individual struggles and social order. "Race and the Wider Identity" and the controversial "Womanhood and the Inner Space" are included in the collection.
 id : 237216 ISBN : 0916782271  | name : Helping Children Cope with Separation and Loss  |  description : Explains techniques for aiding children in dealing with their feeling resulting from the loss of a loved one because of death, divorce, and other reasons. Bibliog.
 id : 237217 ISBN : 0881500623  | name : The Story of the Shakers  |  description : Describes the history of the Shaker religious communes and discusses the group's beliefs and culture
 id : 237219 ISBN : 0671795821  | name : Maria's Italian Spring  |  description : When her latest guardian dies, a twelve-year-old English girl is relieved when a distant cousin offers her a home in Italy.
 id : 237220 ISBN : 2070423131  | name : L'éternelle histoire  |  description : Mr Clay, vieux bonhomme aigri et très riche, n'aime que les livres de comptes, les faits, il déteste les rêves et les prophéties. Malade et insomniaque, il se souvient d'une histoire qu'on lui a racontée, l'histoire d'un marin qui reçoit cinq guinées en échange d'une nuit d'amour avec une jeune et belle dame. Le vieil homme décide de la transformer en réalité avec la complicité de son jeune secrétaire. Mais parfois la réalité peut dépasser la fiction...
 id : 237221 ISBN : 0312017480  | name : Cold New Dawn  |  description : International weapons peddler Keir Milford shatters the close ties of his family when his father, passionately opposed to the arms race, discovers Keir's line of work, leaving the task of rebuilding the family to Liz, Keir's illegitimate daughter
 id : 237222 ISBN : 0525940510  | name : Miracles in Maggody  |  description : The arrival of a slick talking, bible thumping evangelist in the little town of Maggody signals the start of another rollicking mystery featuring Police Chief Arly Hanks, one of today's most delightful sleuths! When the townspeople of Maggody start taking the reverend's "cures", Arly keeps a watchful eye. But then two dead bodies turn up, and Arly decides it's time to learn the gospel truth.
 id : 237224 ISBN : 0921149921  | name : Sir Gawain and the Green Knight - Facing Page Translation  |  description : The fourteenth-century poem Sir Gawain and the Green Knight is one of the greatest classics of English literature, but one of the least accessible to most twentieth-century readers. Written in an obscure dialect, it is far more difficult to digest in the original than are most other late medieval English works. Yet any translation is bound to lose much of the flavour of the original. This edition of the poem offers the original text together with a facing-page translation. With the alliterative Middle English before the reader, James Winny provides a non-alliterative and sensitively literal rendering in modern English. This edition also provides an introduction, explanatory and textual notes, a further note on some words that present particular difficulties, and, in the appendices, two contemporary stories, The Feast of Bricriu and The Knight of the Sword, which provide insight on the poem.
 id : 237225 ISBN : 0373217404  | name : Adopt-a-dad  |  description : Michael Lord, head of security for Maitland Maternity, isn't about to desert his recently-widowed secretary, Jenny Morrow, whose controlling mother-in-law wants custody of her unborn child. Michael offers to help Jenny by becoming her temporary husband. Original.
 id : 237227 ISBN : 0373217412  | name : The Expectant Secretary  |  description : When Brody Fortune sees Jillian Tanner pregnant with another man's child, he is shocked. She's the woman he's never forgotten. Now, many years later, are they ready for a second chance at love? Original.
 id : 237229 ISBN : 8429746358  | name : El secret de Goethe  |  description : El secret de Goethe recrea, barrejant dosis de realitat i feicció, el viatge decisiu que Goethe va fer l'any 1787 a Itàlia, el país que li va inspirar els elegies i li va fer redescobrir el classicisme. El pintor J. H. Tischbein, retratista de l'autor del Werther i narrador d'aquest viatge, és qui l'acompanya per terres italianes, tot fent esbossos de la flora i el paisatge, descrivint minuciosament els comentaris i els rampells del poeta. El secret de Goethe va més enllà de la pura reconstrucció històrica; Martí Domínguez dóna vida al Goethe plural i mundà, l'home que encarna la unitat del coneixement i el saber sense fronteres ni compartiments, el gran escriptor obert a les exigències de la vitalitat i de l'amor.
 id : 237230 ISBN : 0553382071  | name : The Boys are Back in Town  |  description : Both dreading and looking forward to his tenth high school reunion, Will James returns to his hometown and finds a strange, alternative universe in which realities fade and "other" memories begin to block them out.
 id : 237231 ISBN : 0609808060  | name : The Launching Years  |  description : Launching a child from home is second only to child-birth in its impact on a family. Parents can end up reeling with the empty-nest blues, while teens find their powers of self-reliance stretched to the breaking point. During the time of upheaval that begins senior year of high school with the nerve-wracking college application process and continues into the first year of life away from home, The Launching Years is a trusted resource for keeping every member of the family sane. From weathering the emotional onslaught of impending separation to effectively parenting from afar, from avoiding the slump of “senioritis” to handling the newfound independence and the experimentation with alcohol and sexuality that college often involves, The Launching Years provides both parents and teens with well-written, down-to-earth advice for staying on an even keel throughout this exciting, discomforting, and challenging time.
 id : 237232 ISBN : 2226090231  | name : La vie en rose  |  description : Petit manuel de savoir-vivre pour apprivoiser le bonheur en savourant 512 propositions, maximes ou conseils. Voir tout en rose: un nouvel art de vivre !
 id : 237234 ISBN : 0006498159  | name : The Queen of Diamonds  |  description : The affair of the diamond necklace shook the throne of France, probably precipitating the French Revolution and the execution of Louis XVI and Marie Antoinette. But why should these events fall so neatly into place? And why was an ambitious, predatory woman allowed to steal the famous piece?
 id : 237236 ISBN : 0789716976  | name : The Complete Idiot's Guide to Microsoft Word 97  |  description : The Complete Idiot's Guide to Microsoft Word 97, Second Edition presents a quick, step-by-step overview of Word 97. Its lighthearted approach is perfect for new and progressive Word users who need to quickly take advantage of everything Word 97 has to offer.
 id : 237238 ISBN : 0679437061  | name : Special Delivery  |  description : Recounts the pregnancy, delivery, and raising of the Dilley sextuplets and describes the Dilley's daily challenge of schedules, budgets, and love
 id : 237240 ISBN : 1864482850  | name : The Prince  |  description : A remarkable novel from a writer who is emerging as Australia's leading satirist.
 id : 237248 ISBN : 1858817102  | name : Spiritfeather  |  description : Roshana should be pleased that her mother is marrying again. After all, Rajah is kind and wealthy, but there is something strange about him. Surely he can have nothing to do with her dreams of a mysterious man standing at the fork in the road, or the shiny black feather she found in her room.
 id : 237251 ISBN : 1558241620  | name : The Mural Project  |  description : Photographs of the western national parks complemented by a history of the defunct Mural Project.
 id : 237253 ISBN : 0903348470  | name : Saxon Falcon  |  description : He was her enemy--yet his love and desire lit a flame in her heart which consumed her body and soul. Edith of Sensgarth was a prize for which the Norman lord Michel Du Fourmeils was finally prepared to give up all he possessed.
 id : 237255 ISBN : 0380729229  | name : Remembering Mog  |  description : Just two years ago, Annie's sister Mog was happily looking forward to graduation day, the excitement of college, and planning for the future. But all Mog's dreams ended on the eve of her graduation. She was murdered. Now Annie is about to finish high school. But how can she just go on, right at the point where her sister's life ended? Annie's not alone in her grief, but she finds little help from those who share her loss. Her mother, unable to accept the tragedy, never speaks of what happened. Mog's boyfriend Bobby has become a good friend to Annie, yet her attraction to him leaves her feeling guilty and confused. Can Annie ever begin to let go of the hurt, yet hold on to her happy memories of her sister?
 id : 237257 ISBN : 1577485084  | name : Grace Livingston Hill  |  description : Four Complete Novels Including: The Finding of Jasper Holt, The Mystery of Mary, Phoebe Deanne, and Diverse Women (a novel by Isabella Alden, an aunt to Grace Livingston Hill).
 id : 237258 ISBN : 0887308171  | name : The HP Way  |  description : From a one-car-garage company to a multibillion-dollar industry, the rise of Hewlett-Packard is an extraordinary tale of vision, innovation and hard work. Conceived in 1939, Hewlett-Packard earned success not only as a result of its engineering know-how and cutting-edge product ideas, but also because of the unique management style it developed -- a way of doing things called "the HP way". Decades before today's creative management trends, Hewlett-Packard invented such strategies as "walk-around management", "flextime", and "quality cycles". Always sensitive to the needs of its customers and responsive to employee input, Hewlett-Packard earned massive steady growth that far outshone its competitors' vacillating fortunes, even with radically different products from those responsible for its initial boom. For entrepreneurs and managers alike, the wisdom found in these pages is invaluable if they want their businesses to gain steady growth and consistent success. Transcending the ever-shifting marketplace and management trends, The HP Way offers the hard-won and battle-tested practical experience of a proven and respected leader.
 id : 237263 ISBN : 1403321523  | name : Bridges to Cross  |  description : This book in depth entails the soul of a woman who bare many triumphs, happiness, saddness, tears, accomplishments and pain that in a nutshell brought her to her knees. Through her poetry she wishes to portray inspiration, motivation, hope and solace through every word that she conveys... As you read through each page, each word, each phrase and each paragragh demonstrates different layers that is slowly being peeled away with every word that the reader digests. The closer you get to the core of this woman's soul the closer you become one with her....... Within the pages of this edition, the author of soul desire to inspire and light the fire of each reader so that the hearts and minds can become one with hope, faith and motivation to move beyond the limitations of obsticle,pain and set-backs of this journey called "life" Within the pages of each poem lies treasure burried beneath the shadows of one true survivor. There exists jewels untouched and unknown until now. Each expression was written through personal expereinces of the author. As you become closer to her, the more you'll become inspired, motivated and moved to learn how she became who she is. And that woman, IS ME
 id : 237265 ISBN : 1557092621  | name : The Clue of the Tapping Heels  |  description : Nancy Drew tries to find a clue to the strange tapping sounds in the house of a retired actress.
 id : 237266 ISBN : 1857976665  | name : Wild Heritage  |  description : Victorian Scottish saga. A childhood friendship, based on a bond of illegitimacy, is threatened as the girls grow into womanhood, and fortune widens the gulf between them. By the author of À bridge in time'.
 id : 237268 ISBN : 0842310177  | name : A Girl to Come Home to  |  description : A courageous soldier is caught up in a desperate espionage plot--until a gentle young girl helps him find the strength to overcome.
 id : 237269 ISBN : 0749002395  | name : The Parker Omnibus  |  description : Three Parker thrillers: The Man With the Getaway Face, The Outfit and Deadly Edge.
 id : 237271 ISBN : 0671655876  | name : The Warrior's Apprentice  |  description : Miles Vorkosigan makes his debut in this frenetic coming-of-age tale. At age seventeen, Miles, four-foot, nine inches tall, and brittle-boned, after great effort is allowed to take the entrance exams to the elite military academy; he passes the written but manages, through miscalculation in a moment of anger, to break both his legs on the obstacle course, washing out before he begins. His aged grandfather, General Piotr, gradually reconciled to his mutant grandson, dies in his sleep shortly after, for which Miles blames himself. Miles is sent to visit his grandmother Naismith on distant Beta Colony, accompanied by his bodyguard Sergeant Bothari and Bothari's daughter Elena, with whom Miles is secretly in love.
 id : 237274 ISBN : 0195546490  | name : Penny Pollard's Diary  |  description : Penny dislikes old people, wearing dresses, doing homework, and many other things, but when she meets Mrs. Edith Bettany, a woman as rebellious as herself, she discovers a new friend.
 id : 237275 ISBN : 0679761845  | name : Russia Under the Bolshevik Regime  |  description : From the accliamed authority on Russia and the Russian Revolution—the final volume in his magisterial history of the Russian Revolution, covering the period from the outbreak of the Civil War in 1918 to Lenin's death in 1924 "Offers a penetrating analysis of the making of the Soviet system.... [It is] a passionate book whose outstanding scholarship is rooted in universal values like truth, honor, responsibility and the sacredness of human life." —Philadelphia Inquirer "Timely.... The work is enriched in intriguing ways by the author's access to the once-secret archives of the Soviet Union." —Los Angeles Times
 id : 237276 ISBN : 0312957963  | name : The Rotary Club Murder Mystery  |  description : Eighty-eight-year-old Harriet Bushrow and sister DAR members of Borverville, Tennessee, become entangled in a case involving the district governor of a North Carolina Rotary Club, found shot dead in his hotel room
 id : 237277 ISBN : 051509272X  | name : The Main  |  description : Down in the main, Montreal's teeming underworld, the dark streets echo with cries in a dozen languages, with the swift footsteps of thieves, with the murmurs of women of pleasure. To the people of the Main, Lieutenant Claude LaPointe is judge and jury, father confessor and avenging angel. And when cold-blooded murder invades LaPointe's territory, it means the beginning of another gripping tale of death and danger, of action and mystery, by the incomparable Trevanian.
 id : 237278 ISBN : 0786707488  | name : The Mammoth Book of Private Lives  |  description : Includes more than three hundred private moments in the lives of emperors, scoundrels, celebrities, courtiers, paramours, presidents, and movie stars in this collection of personal writings and intimate thoughts from their diaries, letters, missives, and journals. Original.
 id : 237281 ISBN : 0842372873  | name : Tourmaline  |  description : A man snaps a photograph and suddenly becomes an international fugitive. A woman, captured by terrorists, relies on her faith in God to sustain her. Their salvation depends on finding each other.
 id : 237282 ISBN : 1556613717  | name : The Fisherman's Lady  |  description : The discovery of a woman's body in an old house overlooking the sea leads to revelations concerning Malcolm MacPhail, a Scottish fisherman.
 id : 237283 ISBN : 0747264694  | name : The Slayers of Seth  |  description : Lord Amerotke, Pharaoh's Chief Judge, is already in the middle of a murder case when it seems that there is another grave murder to investigate. One of Egypt's great heroes has been brutally killed and Pharaoh Hatusu herself has decided to intervene. She believes that General Balet's murder is only the beginning and she calls on Judge Amerotke for help. There is more to link the deaths than originally meets the eye - but can Amerotke track down the killer before he strikes again?
 id : 237284 ISBN : 0375703233  | name : The Complete Walker IV  |  description : For the first time since 1984, we have a new edition of the classic book that Field & Stream called “the Hiker’s Bible.” For this version, the celebrated writer and hiker Colin Fletcher has taken on a coauthor, Chip Rawlins, himself an avid outdoorsman and a poet from Wyoming. Together, they have made this fourth edition of The Complete Walker the most informative, entertaining, and thorough version yet. The eighteen years since the publication of The Complete Walker III have seen revolutionary changes in hiking and camping equipment: developments in waterproofing technology, smaller and more durable stoves, lighter boots, more manageable tents, and a wider array of food options. The equipment recommendations are therefore not merely revised and tweaked, but completely revamped. During these two decades we have also seen a deepening of environmental consciousness. Not only has backpacking become more popular, but a whole ethic of responsible outdoorsmanship has emerged. In this book the authors confidently lead us through these technological, ethical, and spiritual changes. Fletcher and Rawlins’s thorough appraisal and recommendation of equipment begins with a “Ground Plan,” a discussion of general hiking preparedness. How much to bring? What are the ideal clothes, food, boots, and tents for your trip? They evaluate each of these variables in detail—including open, honest critiques and endorsements of brand-name equipment. Their equipment searches are exhaustive; they talk in detail about everything from socks to freeze-dried trail curries. They end as they began, with a philosophical and literary disquisition on the reasons to walk, capped off with a delightful collection of quotes about walking and the outdoor life. After a thoughtful and painstaking analysis of hiking gear from hats to boots, from longjohns to tent flaps, they remind us that ultimately hiking is about the experience of being outdoors and seeing the green world anew. Like its predecessors, The Complete Walker IV is an essential purchase for anyone captivated by the outdoor life.
 id : 237286 ISBN : 1558741518  | name : Daily Affirmations for Parents  |  description : Parents are a particularly wonderful breed of humans. We are the men and women who cannot sleep at night when we are worried about our children. We are the mothers who go through the greatest pain of our lives and immediately afterward feel nothing but pure joy and gratitude for what that pain has brought. We are the people who would give up everything we have in exchange for our child, who feel more love looking into those beautiful little faces than we have ever felt, who know that there is really no such thing as quality time--it is all quality time. It is for these wonderful people this book is written.
 id : 237288 ISBN : 0399516999  | name : Say It-- Right  |  description : The top-selling author of Talk to Win presents a dynamic guide to exactly what to say in almost any business or social situation. Dr. Glass provides the key to speaking confidently, powerfully, and persuasively, anytime and anywhere.
 id : 237289 ISBN : 1841121894  | name : The Learning Paradox  |  description : The most potent catalyst in a firm's success: change In this insightful book, Jim Harris details the philosophy and specifics of creating companies that respond successfully to change. With practical advice from companies who've made resilience a corporate motto, The Learning Paradox offers insights on how to adapt to the chaotic new world of business, including how to: create, motivate, and continuously improve; create learning organizations; design systems and structures for growth; maximize shareholder value, employee security, and customer loyalty; and attract and retain the best employees. He also addresses such critical managerial issues as maintaining control, while allowing people freedom and building a positive vision of the future, even during a reorganization.
 id : 237290 ISBN : 0385470126  | name : I Been in Sorrow's Kitchen and Licked Out All the Pots  |  description : A rich, lyrical and passionate novel which portrays the life of a black woman growing up in America's Deep South.
 id : 237292 ISBN : 1575440318  | name : Babalu!  |  description : Presents recipes, in both English and Spanish, for salads, soups, appetizers, entrees, and desserts.
 id : 237293 ISBN : 0689801793  | name : The Truth about Cousin Ernie's Head  |  description : A colorful family's Thanksgiving arguments are ended by the viewing of an old home movie, which seems to leave no topics for further discussion.
 id : 237295 ISBN : 0393051781  | name : Black Earth  |  description : With the power of "Lenin's Tomb" and "Balkan Ghosts, " this is an illuminating portrait of contemporary Russia--a country in limbo, a land of vast potential struggling with an unfinished past. "Black Earth" is a penetrating view of the new Russia from a bold new voice in political journalism. 7 maps.
 id : 237296 ISBN : 0838465943  | name : Weaving It Together 4  |  description : Weaving It Together, Book 4, is part of a four-level series designed to comprehensively integrate reading and writing. It promotes individualized and cooperative learning within the moderate and large-sized classroom.
 id : 237297 ISBN : 287678744X  | name : Le paon  |  description : Saint Pétersbourg, milieu du XIXe siècle. Une riche veuve vit de la location de ses appartements, régie d'une main de fer par Pavline (Le Paon), l'affranchi devenu suisse. Pas de pitié pour les mauvais payeurs ; la petite Liouba, sa mère et sa grand-mère se retrouvent à la rue... Et c'est Pavline, l'homme qu'on croyait sans cœur, qui recueille la petite orpheline, afin de lui donner refuge, éducation et instruction... Les années passent, Liouba tombe amoureuse d'un jeune écervelé qui la traite mal, et sombre dans la mélancolie. Mais Pavline veille et, une fois encore, prendra en main sa destinée et celle de sa protégée - son amour, sa vie... Publié en 1874, ce court roman s'inscrit dans le cycle des justes, où Leskov rejoint de nombreux écrivains russes dans leur quête de gens dont l'héroïsme personnel accuse la machine à broyer de l'ordre régnant. Un texte fort, à la fois romanesque et d'une terrible actualité.
 id : 237298 ISBN : 0345416570  | name : Life on the Line  |  description : As a nurse in 1967, Faye Wattleton witnessed firsthand the shame and suffering of women in the age of illegal abortion. As leader of the nation's most influential reproductive-rights organization from 1978 to 1992, she would face fierce opposition. Widely acclaimed, the memoir by the pioneering former president of Planned Parenthood is now in paperback. of photos.
 id : 237299 ISBN : 1567311997  | name : Wonderful Ways to Love a Child  |  description : Wonderful Ways to Love a Child helps busy, stressed-out parents engage in positive parenting. With her trademark mix of inspiration and psychology, parenting expert Judy Ford shares essential tools and handy how-tos that will help readers put love into action to give their children the best start in life. Sixty two-page essays offer practical suggestions gleaned from Ford's thirty years of working with families and true stories from many different kinds of families. Addressing the difficulties of tears, anger, exhaustion, and myriad other woes, Ford teaches parents how to shift their focus from hardships and mishaps to joy and shared experiences of growth and love. Chapters include "Listen from Your Heart," "Encourage Encourage," "Admit Your Mistakes," and "Teach Values by Example." With honesty and humor, Wonderful Ways to Love a Child will help parents build strong, nurturing, loving families.
 id : 237300 ISBN : 0553050443  | name : Giant Steps  |  description : The renowned basketball player shares his professional and private life and discusses his struggle to achieve a balance between the demands of being a celebrity and his own needs
 id : 237301 ISBN : 039913574X  | name : Tell Me More  |  description : The award-winning radio talk-show host presents anecdotes about the hundreds of interesting individuals who have passed through his life, including Jackie Gleason, Elvis, Nixon, Rosanne Barr, Stephen King, and Gore Vidal
 id : 237306 ISBN : 2266075365  | name : Samsâra, la vie, la mort, la renaissance  |  description : C'est d'abord un message d'amour, de sagesse et de paix que délivre le chef spirituel et politique du Tibet. Cet ouvrage, qui rassemble l'essentiel de sa pensée à partir de ses écrits et de ses interviews, permettra à chacun de découvrir l'histoire personnelle d'un homme de conviction engagé dans son temps ainsi que l'essence de la philosophie bouddhiste. Démarche spirituelle qui est aussi un art de vivre, le bouddhisme prône la non-violence tout en offrant à l'homme la possibilité de se libérer de la souffrance.
 id : 237307 ISBN : 0736902570  | name : Donovan's Daughter  |  description : Marcail, the youngest of the Donovan children, accepts a teaching position in the small town of Willits, and comes up against an embittered old woman, who rules the town with an iron fist.
 id : 237309 ISBN : 0736902589  | name : Sean Donovan  |  description : Will Sean's restless heart find peace at last?
 id : 237312 ISBN : 1400001447  | name : Veinte poemas de amor y una canción desesperada ; Cien sonetos de amor  |  description : Me gusta cuando callas porque estas como ausente. Distante y dolorosa como si hubieras muerto. Una palabra entonces una sonrisa bastan. Y estoy alegre, alegre de que no sea cierto.
 id : 237314 ISBN : 3570003752  | name : Die Aprilhexe  |  description : Desiree wurde in den 50er-Jahren in ein Heim für behinderte Kinder gegeben. Jetzt in den 90ern schreibt sie Briefe an ihre 3 Schwestern, die diese zum erneuten Durchleben der Vergangenheit zwingen.
 id : 237316 ISBN : 0142003220  | name : For Your Eyes Only  |  description : The original James Bond adventure is presented in a classic, eye-catching package.
 id : 237317 ISBN : 0340526394  | name : The Place of the Lotus  |  description : This book is part of a series of EFL readers which can be used for classroom reading or for students to read in their own time. The emphasis is on fiction, but it also includes non-fiction and biographical subjects. It makes cultural, idiomatic and unusual references accessible to the reader.
 id : 237321 ISBN : 0563384522  | name : Ground Force Weekend Workbook  |  description : Accompanying the BBC TV series Ground Force, this is a guide to garden design aimed at those intent on creating a garden tailored to their own requirements. Amongst other things, the reader will learn how to create attractive water features, and how to use containers effectively.
 id : 237322 ISBN : 1883319692  | name : Medical Aromatherapy  |  description : The serious practitioner’s in-depth guide to aromatherapy from a renowned leader in the field and expert in organic chemistry This distinguished organic chemist shares his in-depth knowledge of the particular current value of essential oils, for health on all levels. In an era when Western allopathic medicine has less and less appeal, this self-care method is a potent alternative, with roots going back to ancient times. Dr. Schaubelt has a gift for presenting facts and information in a way that is intriguing and easy to assimilate. In the flood of "coffee table" aromatherapy books currently available, this is a much needed and welcome source for those truly interested in taking responsibility for their own health.
 id : 237323 ISBN : 0706372271  | name : Aromatherapy  |  description : A guide to the art of aromatherapy discusses essential oils and their healing properties, beauty treatments, and massage
 id : 237327 ISBN : 1561482161  | name : Dr. Frau  |  description : With poignancy and humor, Grace Kaiser details a part of rural America that few people ever see or understand; the life and land of the Amish and Mennonites of Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, where she spent 28 years as a family doctor.
 id : 237329 ISBN : 0870126458  | name : Cabin II  |  description : After being brought up in poverty on the mountains above Winding Ridge, Patty is living an unaccustomed life of comfort and prosperity in Tuesday's suburban home, but she cannot completely relax, aware as she is of the looming menace of Jacob McCallister. Her haunting dreams foretell the fulfillment of his threat to hold Tuesday and her once again under his total control. The echo of his warning hangs over their everyday lives. The stress of living under the cloud of being taken back to the remote mountain cabin gives fodder to Patty's dreams, and her night screams keep Tuesday in constant dread. Patty's enjoyment of her time with Tuesday is short lived. On a quiet night, McCallister steals into their home and brings life as they know it to an end. Knowing that Detective Cliff Moran could lead the authorities straight to his mountain home, McCallister enlists Aunt Aggie as an accomplice and takes his little, unwilling family to a place called Broad Run, where Patty will meet her destiny. Neither Moran nor the authorities would associate Broad Run with McCallister, who keeps his women and children in a remote cabin nestled above the small town of Winding Ridge, while he has been spending most of his time living comfortably in a modern home, indulging himself with the large sums of money he has gleaned from the diabolical use of his family. As the story unfolds, Patty and Tuesday are reunited with Annabelle, Rose, Daisy, Joe, Sara, and Aunt Aggie-the much -loved characters who continue to keep the readers of The Cabin Series clamoring for the next exciting installment.
 id : 237331 ISBN : 0764506528  | name : Mac OS 9 For Dummies  |  description : Mac OS 9 is a big, complicated personal computer operating system. Mac OS 9 For Dummies is a not-so-big, not-very-complicated book that shows you what Mac OS 9 is all about without boring you, confusing you, or otherwise making you uncomfortable. Take a deep breath and get ready to have some fun. Whether you're brand-spanking new to the Mac or a grizzled old Mac-vet, discovering the ins and outs of Mac OS 9 will be easy and fun. Mac OS 9 For Dummies is ready to help you to Master Mac basics Customize your Mac for multiple users Share resources on a network Save time with simple tweaks Automate with AppleScript Harness the advanced Sherlock 2 search engine This book is chock-full of information and advice and explains everything you need to know about Mac OS 9 in language you'll understand. It's also supplemented with tips, tricks, techniques, and steps, served up in generous quantities. Mac OS 9 For Dummies covers all of the following topics, and more: The startup process revealed Desktop and menu basics File management made simple Memory of all kinds Timesaving tips Helpful control tweaks Introduction to AppleScript Internet surfing Troubleshooting In addition to the wealth of tips, tricks, and techniques that you'll find in every chapter, the most useful element of this book just might be the chapter covering every inch of your System Folder. Finally, you can figure out just what each file is and why you need it or don't. If you think your Mac runs like a champ now, just wait'll you see it after spending time with this book.
 id : 237332 ISBN : 0060613157  | name : Sociology Through the Eyes of Faith  |  description : Colorfully written by two popular and respected sociologists, this volume shows how sociology has evolved, how it became divided from Christian faith, and how Christian sociologists can make sense of this branch of social science.
 id : 237333 ISBN : 0551032146  | name : God on the Net  |  description : God on the Net is a tool for all Christians who want to make the most of the Internet. Whether it is material to help prepare a sermon, youth resources for fun activities, or a daily inspirational guide, the best places are listed here. This guide for spiritual surfers saves time and money, and introduces sites that most people don't know about.
 id : 237334 ISBN : 1552090418  | name : Encyclopedia  |  description : The Pocket-sized Reference Book Series Each book covers a subject from science, nature, history and art. Each book is researched, written and checked by experts. Each is systematically organized for easy access to information. The visual approach brings the subjects to life for all readers, and makes them easy to understand. Each book contains tables, figures, glossary and index. If you have ever wanted to find information on a subject, but not wanted to got to specialized tomes, you will want Firefly Pocket Guides. They are easy to handle and organized for easy reference.
 id : 237335 ISBN : 0060245360  | name : The Hanged Man  |  description : Having stopped eating after the death of her father, seventeen-year-old Laurel feels herself losing control of her life in the hot, magical world of Los Angeles.
 id : 237336 ISBN : 0380761203  | name : Fun with Growing Things  |  description : Presents step-by-step instructions for growing plants outdoors and indoors. Includes projects such as leaf printing and making a sponge garden and a scarecrow.
 id : 237337 ISBN : 0316355097  | name : Maybe  |  description : A complex evocation of the elusive, beautiful Sarah Cameron whose intermittent appearances over forty years have provided Hellman with a tantalizing, inconsistent mosaic of fantasy, deliberate falsehoods, and touches of unalloyed evil.
 id : 237339 ISBN : 0658012096  | name : Existentialism  |  description : Offers brief introductions, arranged in alphabetical order, to 101 ideas associated with the modern philosophical concept of existentialism.
 id : 237340 ISBN : 0812966848  | name : Interesting Women  |  description : American brio confronts European sophistication in these critically acclaimed stories of seduction and self-discovery by New Yorker writer Andrea Lee. In vivid prose shot through with mordant irony, Lee offers the reader a rare combination: sensual evocation of the moment and profound insight into the underlying struggles of gender, race, and class that shape relationships worldwide.
 id : 237341 ISBN : 0684155575  | name : The Reef  |  description : "I put most of myself into that opus," Edith Wharton said of "The Reef," possibly her most autobiographical novel. Published in 1912, it was, Bernard Berenson told Henry Adams, "better than any previous work excepting "Ethan Frome."" A challenge to the moral climate of the day, "The Reef" follows the fancies of George Darrow, a young diplomat en route from London to France, intent on proposing to the widowed Anna Leath. Unsettled by Anna's reticence, Darrow drifts into an affair with Sophy Viner, a charmingly naive and impecunious young woman whose relations with Darrow and Anna's family threaten his prospects for success. For its dramatic construction and acute insight into social mores and the multifaceted problem of sexuality, "The Reef" stands as one of Edith Wharton's most daring works of fiction.
 id : 237342 ISBN : 0843106212  | name : The Totally Awesome VAL Guide  |  description : Satirizes the slang expressions, dating, home life, behavior in high school, clothes, and family life of teenage girls
 id : 237345 ISBN : 1556612958  | name : Jesus Called Her Mother  |  description : Argues that Mary can serve as a role model for all women, discusses the circumstances of her life, and looks at how she served God.
 id : 237347 ISBN : 0060556609  | name : The Brother of Jesus  |  description : The first definitive account of what scholars and the media are calling 'the most important archaeological discovery' about Jesus and his family. This is the definitive story of the recent discovery of the first–century ossuary (limestone bone box) with the legend 'James, son of Joseph, brother of Jesus', and its implications for understanding Jesus, his family (mother, father, brothers), his followers, the first Christians and the Jewish Christian movement in Jerusalem that James led. This ossuary is the first ever archaeological discovery directly confirming the existence of Jesus, and his relationship to his father, Joseph, and brother, James, who became the leader of the important Jewish Christian community in Jerusalem. No one is as qualified and well connected to recount the discovery and its authentication as Hershel Shanks, whose magazine first broke the story. "A scientific detetective story with extremely high religious stakes." – Time
 id : 237348 ISBN : 038081367X  | name : The Hallowed Isle  |  description : The Arthurian saga is one of the most enduring legends of Western civilization. In her sweeping and magnificent multi-volume work The Hallowed Isle, acclaimed author Diana L. Paxson brilliantly reinvents the classic myth from the unique perspectives of four distinct tribal cultures that shaped Britain in the violent days of the sixth century. Book One: The Book of the Sword Mighty Rome subjugated the isle of Britain only to abandon it, leaving behind a bloody patchwork of warring tribes. To put an end to this conflict, Artoria Argantel--Lady of the Lake and Druid priestess--has called upon the Spirit of War and Justice to deliver a champion who will unite the broken land. A champion who will come from her own ancient and royal blood. For only one man can wield the sword forged from star-steel by ancient spells. Only one man can free the sword from its prison of stone: Artor, a fosterling of unknown parentage...the promised High King. Book Two: The Book of the Spear A Saxon of royal blood, Oesc has fled the drowned, doomed country to which he is heir in order to claim rich lands in Britannia. Though sworn to the spirits of his new home, he truly serves the dark sorcery of an older god--the power of the Spear. But the Spear's magic is opposed by that of the Sword of Rome, the sword wielded by young King Artor and his father Uthir before him. The sword that slew Oesc's own father. Now vengeance burns fiercely in Oesc's heart, a lust for revenge that could destroy a greatness before it fully blooms. Destiny lies in the clashing of magic steel...the hope of all Britannia rests in the hands of the warrior sons. The Arthurian saga is one of the most enduring legends of Western civilization. In her sweeping and magnificent multi-volume work THE HALLOWED ISLE, acclaimed author Diana L. Paxson brilliantly reinvents the classic myth from the unique perspectives of four distinct tribal cultures that shaped Britain in the violent days of the sixth century.The Arthurian saga is one of the most enduring legends of Western civilization. In her sweeping and magnificent multi-volume work THE HALLOWED ISLE, acclaimed author Diana L. Paxson brilliantly reinvents the classic myth from the unique perspectives of four distinct tribal cultures that shaped Britain in the violent days of the sixth century. Book One: The Book of the Sword Mighty Rome subjugated the isle of Britain only to abandon it, leaving behind a bloody patchwork of warring tribes. To put an end to this conflict, Artoria Argantel---Lady of the Lake and Druid priestess---has called upon the Spirit of War and Justice to deliver a champion who will unite the broken land. A champion who will come from her own ancient and royal blood. For only one man can wield the sword forged from star-steel by ancient spells. Only one man can free the sword from its prison of stone: Artor, a fosterling of unknown parentage...the promised High King. Book Two: The Book of the Spear A Saxon of royal blood, Oesc has fled the drowned, doomed country to which he is heir in order to claim rich lands in Britannia. Though sworn to the spirits of his new home, he truly serves the dark sorcery of an older god---the power of the Spear. But the Spear's magic is opposed by that of the Sword of Rome, the sword wielded by young King Artor and his father Uthir before him. The sword that slew Oesc's own father. Now vengeance burns fiercely in Oesc's heart, a lust for revenge that could destroy a greatness before it fully blooms. Destiny lies in the clashing of magic steel...the hope of all Britannia rests in the hands of the warrior sons.
 id : 237349 ISBN : 0786700068  | name : The Triumphant Cat  |  description : An illustrated "cultural history" of the cat collects the prose and poetry observations of the ancient Egyptians, ancient Chinese, T. S. Eliot, and Paul Gallico, among others. By the author of Mousing Days in Old Japan. National ad/promo.
 id : 237350 ISBN : 0830715223  | name : Questions Women Ask in Private  |  description : Can I find intimacy if I've been abused? Am I a good mother? Should I do everything my husband wants me to? Why does God seem far away? If you've ever asked questions like these, this book is a gateway to discovering the forgiveness, caring, and healing God wants you to find in Christ. Here you'll discover how other women, struggling with a broadrange of issues similar to your own, have taken the courageous step of sharing their problems with a caring professional -- one who can reassure and help them discoverand apply the best God has to offer -- From publisher description.
 id : 237351 ISBN : 1570711100  | name : 365 Days of Baby Love  |  description : Suggests activities involving art, language, music, movement, clay, water,nd food.
 id : 237352 ISBN : 037383215X  | name : For Bitter Or Worse  |  description : A New York Times Bestselling Author Stacy wonders: why wasn't love enough? Cord was still confined to a wheelchair a year after the crash -- bitter, lashing out at everyone, especially his wife. There seems to be no way to convince him that her love was not pity. "It would have been better if I hadn't been pulled from the plane wreckage" he told her. And Stacy despaired at her inability to comfort him. Then Paula Hanson, a confident physiotherapist, arrived. She taunted Cord into helping himself, restoring his interest in living. But had she also replaced Stacy in his life?
 id : 237354 ISBN : 1558531289  | name : Why You Say it  |  description : This volume traces the origins of some 600 everyday words and phrases and how they have taken on new meanings over time. --Publisher.
 id : 237356 ISBN : 0886872790  | name : Robotman  |  description : Presents the humorous adventures of Robotman, an extraterrestrial who lives on Earth with the Milde family.
 id : 237357 ISBN : 0446691135  | name : Eight Ways to Keep the Devil Under Your Feet  |  description : Learn to Manage the Devil Instead of Letting Him Manage You There are all kinds of things that tempt us, hurt us, and confuse us. The devil loves nothing more than using these things to keep us down so he can have the upper hand! Yet God has given us everything we need to keep the devil in his place, beginning with the Word of God. To win over the enemy and live in victory, we must do more than know His Word-we must put it into action! Satan may attack you, but he does not have to defeat you. Bestselling author Joyce Meyer reveals eight proven ways for you to keep the devil under your feet. You'll learn how to: * Remain peaceful through life's storms * Spend transforming time with God * Defeat Satan's attacks with words of life * Receive God's love and let it flow to others * Be aware of your negative thoughts and how you can conquer them. When you put God's Word into action, amazing things will begin to happen. What once led you astray will wither under the power of God's strength, wisdom, and insight at work in your life. Master these eight ways to keep the devil under your feet and you'll experience the countless ways God wants to bless you! When you're standing on the Word of God, Satan has no power over you!
 id : 237358 ISBN : 1858330432  | name : The Great Pasta Cookbook  |  description : This cookbook tells you how to make your own pasta, how to choose which shape of pasta is best for each style of cooking, and suggests herbs and cheese to use with pasta.
 id : 237360 ISBN : 140135923X  | name : Semi-Homemade Cooking  |  description : The new way to cook-quick, marvelous meals combining several prepackaged foods, a few fresh ingredients, and a "pinch of this with a hint of that" to make new, easy, gourmet-tasting, inexpensive meals in minutes."
 id : 237362 ISBN : 0671693662  | name : And the Beat Goes on  |  description : The hit singer and variety show star from the 1970s discusses his early career, his life and work with Cher, the music scene from the 1950s to the 1970s, Cher's tragic miscarriage and the birth of Chastity, and "The Sonny and Cher Comedy Hour"
 id : 237363 ISBN : 0689500882  | name : Silver on the Tree  |  description : "And Where the Midsummer Tree Grows Tall by Pendragon's Sword the Dark Shall Fall." The Dark is rising in its last and greatest bid to control the world. Six individuals have come together to drive it back for good: Will, the Sign seeker; Bran, the raven boy; Jane, Simon, and Barney, the grail seekers; and Merriman, the wise mentor who unites them all. Together they stand ready to face the Rider and the full force of the Dark. But the last object of power must first be found. A sword of legend magically forged of pure crystal remains hidden in the Welsh hills. Without it, the Light has no hope against the Dark. Will and his companions must travel through time and space in an epic clash of magical powers that will decide the fate of us all.
 id : 237364 ISBN : 0914159151  | name : How about Chicken  |  description : Recipes prepared by FACS (Home Economics) teachers. Purchasing this book helps students and schools in your community.
 id : 237366 ISBN : 0312967438  | name : Passage to the Millennium  |  description : Shares the prophecies of the great psychic Edgar Cayce and his insights into the approaching millennium, examining the unprecedented changes taking place throughout the world that have not been envisioned by futurists and social planners, but had been foreseen by Cayce. Original.
 id : 237367 ISBN : 0765344076  | name : Gene Roddenberry's Andromeda: Destruction of Illusions  |  description : Gene Roddenberry's Andromeda™ is the continuing story of Captain Dylan Hunt of the starship Andromeda Ascendant, in his quest to restore the Systems Commonwealth that fell three hundred years ago. When the series opens, Hunt and the Andromeda have been rescued by the independent cargo ship, Eureka Maru. How the Maru got there is a fast-paced, exciting space adventure that Andromeda™ fans and SF readers will love. The Eureka Maru has been impounded for non-payment of bills. Captain Beka Valentine and her crew daringly liberate the ship, and soon get a chance for a big score: pick up a Nietzschean princess, pregnant with a child that might be heir to the Nietzschean throne. Surviving betrayal and vicious attack ships, the Maru must bring the princess to safety before the child is delivered. Along the way, they gain a mysterious new crew member. Unknown to them, Nietzschean warrior Tyr Anasazi is on a mission to restore the glory of his people. To raise money for an army, he's accepted an offer to a High Guard ship that's been stuck in a black hole for 300 years. The money would be fabulous, but he needs a ship and crew. The Eureka Maru fits the bill.
 id : 237368 ISBN : 1564401634  | name : Canning and Preserving Without Sugar  |  description : Providing all the important how-tos on the equipment, techniques, and ingredients you will need to ensure safe and successful canning, this edition also features answers to common canning-and-preserving questions and details on using a microwave in the canning process.
 id : 237370 ISBN : 9625939385  | name : Fondue  |  description : Beautiful photography accompanies dozens of fascinating fondue recipes for the home chef.
 id : 237371 ISBN : 1556113757  | name : Kansas Blue  |  description : In 1867, a wagon train of homesteaders seeking new lives travels across Kansas, encountering difficulties from within--including abusive husbands and horrifying memories of the war--and from without, such as flash floods and outlaws. 10,000 first printing.
 id : 237372 ISBN : 0812533348  | name : Wolf and Iron  |  description : After a worldwide financial collapse cripples America, Jeremy Bellamy Walther, one of the few who knows how to reverse the catastrophe, begins a cross-country trek in order to spread his knowledge
 id : 237373 ISBN : 1576010538  | name : There's No Place Like Home for the Holidays  |  description : Anthologist Sandra Haldeman Martz, whose previous books such as When I am An Old Woman...have become classics, brings together a warmly humorous collection of anecdotes that celebrate the ritual of going home for the holidays. Authors aged between 15 and 93 contribute a wonderful range of family sagas based around Christmas, Easter, Passover and other traditional family get-togethers. Sprinkled with some favourite family recipes, Turkey Soup...will make a great gift for any family member.
 id : 237374 ISBN : 0399524711  | name : Bride's Book of Etiquette  |  description : Bride's magazine offers the most up-to-date information on engagement and wedding planning, and realistic solutions for any problem that couples might encounter.
 id : 237375 ISBN : 1878990845  | name : The Way Home  |  description : As one of the most popular Christian artists of our time, Wayne Watson is well known for the moving messages of his music. His spiritual sensitivity is reflected in this book of devotionals designed to guide you toward your real home--the heart of God.
 id : 237377 ISBN : 0884195651  | name : He Loves Me, He Loves Me Not  |  description : What every woman meeds to know about unconditional love, but is afraid to feel.
 id : 237378 ISBN : 0553374958  | name : Red Hot Mamas  |  description : Colette Dowling's uplifting book celebrates the myriad possibilities for women who are now turning 50. "Red hot mamas" are the dozens of women (some famous, some not) who are defying stereotypes to discover renewed power and vitality at midlife. In honest, empowering language, the women share with readers their energetic approaches to menopause, career changes, family life, and intimacy.
 id : 237379 ISBN : 0966446712  | name : The Freezer Cooking Manual from 30 Day Gourmet  |  description : "The Freezer Cooking Manual From 30 Day Gourmet" is a comprehensive cooking system that teaches busy cook, the art of spending one day assembling and freezing a month's worth of delicious and nutritious entrees, side dishes, and desserts. This "hands-on" manual includes time-saving worksheets, step-by-step instructions, healthy tips, money-saving ideas and practical advise.
 id : 237380 ISBN : 0688164447  | name : Retro Desserts  |  description : In Retro Dessets, Wayne Brachman, executive pastry chef at New York's Mesa Grill and Bolo, presents the desserts you loved as a kid--only better. It's time for a trip down to memory-lane bakery, where the old fashioned desserts of yesterday have been revamped for today's kitchen. Imagine homemade cream-filled chocolate cupcakes (you know, the ones with white squiggles on top) or big, fluffy coconut layer cake that Mrs. Cleaver would be proud of. Or impress your guests with a totally hot and cool baked Alaska. They're all here in all their retro glory. These desserts may be fun, but they have been created with a professional's eye and palate--they taste as good as they look and vice versa. Instead of the little packaged boxes of instant ingredients that were the start of many midcentury desserts, in Retro Desserts you'll find homemade gelatin salads (come on, admit you love them) made with real fruit juice and fresh fruit, comforting puddings, and marshmallows. Now you can fill your cookie jar with homemade versions of Chocolate Sandwich Cookies with Vanilla-Cream Filling, Vanilla Wafers, and Animal Cookies. Wayne gives the best-ever recipes for classics such as Strawberry Chiffon Pie, Banana Pudding (made with your fresh-baked Vanilla Wafers), Chow Mein-Noodle Haystacks, and Diner-Style Strawberry Shortcake. Retro Desserts is as much a cultural history of the American sweet tooth as it is an indispensable cookbook. It's a blast to read and jammed with outasight recipes. Ever find yourself dreaming about a big fluffy coconut layer cake like the one Mom might make if you lived in Leave It to Beaver-land? Or Cream-Filled Devil's Food Cupcakes that don't taste like the plastic and cardboard they are wrapped in? Well, now you can bake these cakes and eat them, too. Wayne Brachman, executive pastry chef for Bobby Flay's popular New York restaurants, presents this totally hip collection of recipes, Retro Desserts. Inspired by classics from the '40s, '50s, '60s, and '70s, these fabulous desserts look just as great as you remember, and taste even better. It's a trip down to memory lane bakery, where kitsch desserts of yesterday have been revamped for the sophisticated kitchen of today. Updated classics include Chocolate Blackout Cake, Checkerboard Cake, Baked Alaska, and Cherries Jubilee. Other recipes include wild creations based on old-fashioned flavors, like Chocolate-Dipped Frozen Banana Bon Bons, Rum and Cherry Cola Marble Cake, and Caramel Apple Chiffon Cupcakes. Showcased by retro-style full-color photography and artwork, headlines and excerpts taken from vintage magazines and cookbooks, these are well-tested, seriously fun desserts that really work in your home kitchen, making Retro Desserts a valuable addition to every home baker's cookbook collection.Ever find yourself dreaming about a big fluffy coconut layer cake like the one Mom might make if you lived in Leave It to Beaver-land? Or Cream-Filled Devil's Food Cupcakes that don't taste like the plastic and cardboard they are wrapped in? Well, now you can bake these cakes and eat them, too. Wayne Brachman, executive pastry chef for Bobby Flay's popular New York restaurants, presents this totally hip collection of recipes, Retro Desserts. Inspired by classics from the '40s, '50s, '60s, and '70s, these fabulous desserts look just as great as you remember, and taste even better. It's a trip down to memory lane bakery, where kitsch desserts of yesterday have been revamped for the sophisticated kitchen of today. Updated classics include Chocolate Blackout Cake, Checkerboard Cake, Baked Alaska, and Cherries Jubilee. Other recipes include wild creations based on old-fashioned flavors, like Chocolate-Dipped Frozen Banana Bon Bons, Rum and Cherry Cola Marble Cake, and Caramel Apple Chiffon Cupcakes. Showcased by retro-style full-color photography and artwork, headlines and excerpts taken from vintage magazines and cookbooks, these are well-tested, seriously fun desserts that really work in your home kitchen, making Retro Desserts a valuable addition to every home baker's cookbook collection.
 id : 237382 ISBN : 0800786823  | name : Mothers and Sons  |  description : How can mothers help rambunctious little boys grow up to be well-adjusted adults? What kind of goals should they have for raising their sons? Are there skills mothers can learn that will make child rearing more enjoyable? Mothers and Sons, available for the first time in mass market, answers these and other questions with reliable and effective counsel. Family therapists Jean Lush and Pam Vredevelt present guidelines for instilling self-control, maturity, and morality into a young boy's identity. Especially helpful are the descriptions of normal developmental and sexual phases of boys from infancy to the teen years and discussion on how to best handle the difficult issues of each stage. Special chapters for single moms and step-moms are included as well.
 id : 237383 ISBN : 1888054921  | name : Retro Housewife  |  description : - Includes 1950s tips for making a happy husband and home.- With more than 200 classic images of women as wives, mothers, and homemakers.- Features fun-filled facts and those elements of daily life that assisted a housewife in performing her daily duties.- An ideal gift for bridal showers, bachelorette parties, baby showers, Mother's Day, or girlfriends.
 id : 237384 ISBN : 0393959082  | name : The Norton Anthology of African American Literature  |  description : The book begins with 126 pages of content representing the vernacular tradition. Covers spirituals; gospel; the blues; secular rhymes and songs; ballads; and work songs; jazz; and folktales.
 id : 237386 ISBN : 0812094905  | name : Being There  |  description : Details evidence which reveals the importance of maintaining continuity of nurturing care for infants and toddlers and discusses the value of a parental presence in a child's early years
 id : 237387 ISBN : 0764226134  | name : Miserly Meals  |  description : In this easy-to-use, make-it-from-scratch cookbook with a user-friendly lay-flat binding, McCoy, a Christian homeschooling mom, proves that inexpensive meals can be nutritious and mouth watering. Contains over 200 recipes and practical, simple advice for tasty ways of feeding a family for 75-cents or less per serving.
 id : 237388 ISBN : 0740722298  | name : The Gathering  |  description : Years after undergoing the rigors of the seminary, Father Robert Koestler joins his old friends for a reunion of sorts, but his sleuthing talents are soon called on after one of their members is found dead.
 id : 237389 ISBN : 0764226126  | name : Miserly Moms  |  description : Designed to help families live on one income, the book is packed with ways to reduce expenses and expose hidden living costs.
 id : 237390 ISBN : 0767905652  | name : How to Raise a Family on Less Than Two Incomes  |  description : Many parents today believe that two steady incomes are not only desirable but absolutely necessary in order to raise a family. Yet most full-time working mothers say that if it weren't for the money, they would not work, and instead would stay at home with their children. After the birth of her second child, Denise Topolnicki faced this common dilemma: Continue working full-time, or spend more time with her family? As a former editor of "Money, Denise used her financial expertise and discovered that she could work only part-time "and be at home for her children--while not breaking her family's budget. By combining her investment know-how with compassionate advice, Denise gives parents a clear-cut strategy for controlling their money--from saving on food, to creating a cash reserve, to learning how to retire on less than two incomes. Packed with worksheets, detailed plans, and inspiring case studies, Topolnicki's plan helps families set fun priorities while still balancing the checkbook. Whether you want to leave work altogether or continue part-time, this book" is the key to freedom for millions of families trapped on the working-parent treadmill.
 id : 237391 ISBN : 0670032727  | name : Martin Luther  |  description : As the last millennium drew to a close and lists of the most influential people of that time were drawn up, Martin Luther always appeared near the top. Who was this famous rebel? Martin Luther explores the records left by Luther of his inner struggles and his conflicts with the papacy, the Holy Roman Empire, leaders of the emergent Protestant movements, and, in the greatest stains on his reputation, peasants in their uprising and Jews. This is also a portrait of a man of conscience and courage who risked death to witness to his beliefs and whose arguments drew fellow believers who together created changes that altered the destiny of Christendom, the shape of Christianity, and the rise of new freedoms in church and state. Martin Marty -- professor, author, pastor, historian, journalist -- is, in Bill Moyers's words, "the most influential interpreter of American religion." In Martin Luther, Marty sees Luther as someone who was engaged in a lifelong search not only for the grace of God but also for assurance that it was directed toward him. He sought this certainty partly so that he might lead others to explore their consciences, see their faith nurtured, and be ready to take public stands. People of any faith or of no faith can discover in his struggles and affirmations templates for their own paths, and will find him an engrossing subject, a person capable of living with apparent contradictions along with firm convictions. Book jacket.
 id : 237393 ISBN : 0815411588  | name : Constantine the Great and the Christian Revolution  |  description : This sharp, engaging biography details the life and achievements of Constantine the Great who unified the Roman Empire, adopted Christianity as its official religion, and transferred the capital of the Empire from Rome to Constantinople.
 id : 237395 ISBN : 1555216722  | name : The Mapping of North America  |  description : Describes and reproduces early maps of North America, its regions and cities, from the earliest woodcuts to detailed nineteenth-century maps
 id : 237397 ISBN : 0738206016  | name : Taking Care Of Your Child 6E  |  description : Covers pregnancy, development, behavior, adoption, school, dental care, injuries, and medicines.
 id : 237400 ISBN : 0874776791  | name : The Healthy Baby Book  |  description : Examines the incidence of birth defects and discusses genetic and environmental risk factors
 id : 237401 ISBN : 076456613X  | name : Frommer's Fly Safe, Fly Smart  |  description : Trust the experts at Frommer's to tell you how to fly the post-9/11 skies in safety and comfort! Planes are filling up again but air travel promises to be a major hassle from now on. Frommer's Fly Safe, Fly Smart explains your rights and shows you how to survive it all -- cramped cabins, scaled-back service, interminable delays and more. Our outspoken guide gives you the inside scoop on flying in today's world: * The latest changes in airport security-plus what you can, and should, bring on the plane * What to do if you're bumped * Where the best seats are-and how to get them * Which airlines lose the luggage-and what you can do about it * On-time records for each major U.S. carrier, and safety records for the busiest U.S. airports * How to maximize your frequent-flyer miles * Where to find the cheapest air fares-and if you've been mistreated, how to complain and get compensation
 id : 237402 ISBN : 0425062449  | name : Subspace Encounter  |  description : A group of explorers, who use their psychic powers to travel through outer space, encounter a brutal galactic empire
 id : 237404 ISBN : 1565075676  | name : 15 Minutes of Peace with God  |  description : Donated in memory of Christi Michael.
 id : 237406 ISBN : 078683014X  | name : Cinderella  |  description : A mistreated kitchen maid, with the help of her fairy godmother, attends the palace ball on the condition that she leave before midnight.
 id : 237407 ISBN : 082172438X  | name : Only Couples Need Apply  |  description : The plot was always the same. Lovely, sympathetic Gretchen would insinuate herself into the personal life and financial affairs of some lonely, wealthy dowager. Then Jay would kill the unfortunate old woman. That is, until Jay started to improvise, and the murderous duo suddenly became the victims.
 id : 237408 ISBN : 1577191609  | name : The Tale of Tom Kitten  |  description : In addition to being naughty and losing their company clothes, Tom and his two sisters indulge in rowdy behavior when they are sent upstairs as punishment.
 id : 237409 ISBN : 0525375465  | name : The Pooh Story Book  |  description : Three adventures of Christopher Robin and his friends: In Which a House is Built at Pooh Corner for Eeyore, In Which Piglet is Entirely Surrounded by Water, and In Which Pooh Invents a New Game and Eeyore Joins In.
 id : 237410 ISBN : 1881649911  | name : As the World Turns  |  description : Love and lust, triumph and tragedy, romance and villainy are everyday occurrences in Oakdale, U.S.A., the home of "As the World Turns". Ever since its debut on April 2, 1956, this television landmakr has been weaving its tantalizing spell over an audience that spans generations. This official family scrapbook offers the saga from the very beginning to the present day.
 id : 237412 ISBN : 0525453652  | name : Winnie-the-Pooh's ABC  |  description : Familiar scenes from the original Pooh stories adorn the ABC of Winnie-the-Pooh.
 id : 237413 ISBN : 0880880635  | name : The 12 Cats of Christmas  |  description : The 12 Days of Christmas for cat lovers.
 id : 237416 ISBN : 1572973293  | name : The Jewels of Cyttorak  |  description : When an emerald from the same dimension as the ruby of Cyttorak is discovered, it could provide the one weapon that can stop the Juggernaut, but the X-men must vie with a ruthless billionaire named Service for control of the emerald.
 id : 237417 ISBN : 0803707304  | name : The Christmas Story  |  description : Words from the King James Version of the Bible retell the Christmas story, accompanied by the illustrator's illuminations.
 id : 237418 ISBN : 1559120037  | name : The Twelve Days of Christmas  |  description : The Twelve Days of Christmas is a special book that captures the true spirit of the Yuletide season through the enchanting images of photographer Anne Geddes.Her distinctive, gently humorous interpretation of the lyrics brings the joyful traditional song to life and makes it as fresh and fun today as it was when it was first sung hundreds of years ago.The ancient counting song, named after the 12-day holiday in England over Christmas, celebrates the tradition of gift giving. This updated edition of The Twelve Days of Christmas continues the tradition with its extraordinary images and refreshing design. Anne Geddes' images capture the essence of Christmas and will delight young and old alike.Her hallmark originality makes The Twelve Days of Christmas the perfect gift to give . . . and to receive.
 id : 237420 ISBN : 1842154842  | name : Creative Folk Art  |  description : This book is a beautifully illustrated historical and practical exploration of folk arts and crafts, with 35 projects to follow at home.
 id : 237423 ISBN : 0706375580  | name : Delightful Doughcrafts  |  description : Over eighty projects with a full explanation of techniques required to make, model and decorate dough. Colour photos.
 id : 237424 ISBN : 0806964251  | name : Fantastic Furniture  |  description : "Furniture decoration projects" involving color washing/staining, crackling, decoupage, design painting, distressing, fabric fixes, glass etching, gold leafing, solid color painting, sponging, stamping, and stenciling.
 id : 237426 ISBN : 1558173668  | name : Where's Mommy Now?  |  description : Kate Bauers was proud of being able to manage both her job and the demands of her husband and children. But when her workload became heavier, she let a stranger care for her children and sleep in her house. Now Kate is tired all the time, and getting weaker every day. Surely kindly Janine was not the cause.
 id : 237428 ISBN : 0517275481  | name : Kittens  |  description : Photographs and brief text capture the nature, moods, and activities of kittens at play and at rest
 id : 237429 ISBN : 0310444314  | name : Zondervan Bible Storybook  |  description : Presents stories from the Bible retold in simple language.
 id : 237431 ISBN : 0448060124  | name : Heidi  |  description : For generations, readers have enjoyed classic literature. They have delighted in the romance of Jane Austen, thrilled at the adventures of Jules Verne, and pondered the lessons of Aesop. Introduce young readers to these familiar volumes with Great Illustrated Classics. In this series, literary masterworks have been adapted for young scholars. Large, easy-to-read type and charming pen-and-ink drawings enhance the text. Students are sure to enjoy becoming acquainted with traditional literature through these well-loved classics.
 id : 237432 ISBN : 0916547000  | name : Hidden Treasures  |  description : Spell binding stories from the world's Master Story Teller - Jesus Christ. - 1. Teaching in parables, 2. First the blade, then the ear, 3. Tares, 4. Like a grain of mustard seed, 5. Other lessons from seed-sowing, 6. Like unto leaven, 7. Hidden treasure, 8. The pearl, 9. The net, 10. Things new and old, 11. Asking to give, 12. Two worshipers, 13. Shall not god avenge his own, 14. This man receiveth sinners, 15. Lost, and is found, 16. Spare it this year also, 17. Go into the highways and hedges, 18. The measure of forgiveness, 19. Gain tha is loss, 20. A great gulf fixed, 21. Saying and doing, 22. The lords vineyard, 23. Without a wedding garment, 24. Friends by the mammon of unrighteousness, 25. Who is my neighbor, 26. The reward of grace, 27. To meet the bridegoom
 id : 237434 ISBN : 156584534X  | name : Racism Explained to My Daughter  |  description : Writing in response to his ten-year-old daughter's questions about racism, the author distills the complicated issue and offers parents advice on how to explain bigotry to their own children.
 id : 237435 ISBN : 0818403128  | name : What's Happening To Me?  |  description : For more than twenty years What's Happening to Me? has helped parents explain puberty to their children who are experiencing growing pains'. To date, more than one million children and young adults have enjoyed the humour and honesty of this book, while learning what really happens to their bodies as they mature.'
 id : 237436 ISBN : 0553380907  | name : Mommy Made and Daddy Too! (Revised)  |  description : Everyone loves a home-cooked meal--even babies and toddlers! Experts agree that homemade baby food is the healthiest way to feed young children. By making their own baby food, parents can drastically reduce the sugar, salt, artificial colors, fillers, additives, and preservatives in their child's diet. And now making baby food from scratch has never been easier--with this practical, user-friendly cookbook by Martha and David Kimmel, founders of the phenomenally successful Mommy Made* line of baby and toddler food. Updated for a special 10th anniversary edition, Mommy Made* is filled with 140 easy-to-make recipes that are perfect for introducing your baby to wholesome solid foods. These delicious, kid-tested dishes--which include finger foods, shakes and smoothies, snacks on the go, spoonable treats, and a variety of table dishes--were created with your baby's special nutritional needs in mind, and will help your child establish healthful eating habits that will last a lifetime. Mommy Made* also includes: Nutrition advice from birth to three years--incorporating guidelines from the American Academy of Pediatrics A blueprint for when and how to get your baby started on solid food Answers to parents' most frequently asked questions: from milk and protein needs to determining portion size, preventing "hunger strikes," and detecting food allergies Tips on pureeing, straining, and mashing, as well as storage, thawing and reheating, and using the microwave A handy nutrition glossary, food pyramid, and list of helpful websites And much more!
 id : 237437 ISBN : 0740703145  | name : Dinner and a Movie Cookbook  |  description : Every Friday night on TBS Superstation, "Dinner and a Movie" dishes out a heaping helping of fun, food and films that make prime-time television good enough to eat. "How can that be?" you ask. Well, with an inspiration that's equal parts cookbook and jokebook, we cook up great tasting treats inspired by your favorite films.
 id : 237438 ISBN : 1558851305  | name : A Fabricated Mexican  |  description : Pages:1 to 25 -- Pages:26 to 50 -- Pages:51 to 75 -- Pages:76 to 100 -- Pages:101 to 125 -- Pages:126 to 150 -- Pages:151 to 168
 id : 237439 ISBN : 0373260504  | name : Freak  |  description : Freak by Michael Collins released on Apr 24, 1990 is available now for purchase.
 id : 237440 ISBN : 0895870940  | name : A Boy No More  |  description : Returning to Winston-Salem after WWII, Davis becomes a reporter who understands local politics. Yet it is the death of his beloved father that thrusts Davis into the status of manhood.
 id : 237445 ISBN : 0140011293  | name : Murder on Safari  |  description : Safaris can be dangerous business, but when Lady Baradale insists on bringing her priceless jewelry on the expedition, she--and her gems--become the prey. Set against the African landscapes of 1930s Kenya.
 id : 237447 ISBN : 0062736981  | name : A Hard Day's Write  |  description : Describes the inspiration behind all the Beatles-written songs on the Beatles twelve original albums as well as those on the "Anthology" and "Live at the BBC," and includes more than two hundred photos.
 id : 237448 ISBN : 1580629342  | name : Pregnancy Sucks  |  description : Pregnancy Sucks, by Joanne Kimes and Sanford A. Tisherman, M.D., gives you real solutions to all the annoying and somewhat awkward situations that can unexpectedly arise during your pregnancy. Did you know that: Farm-fresh butter, or petroleum jelly, works just as well for your itchy belly as a fancy and overpriced "pregnancy" product? If you're put on bedrest, walkie-talkies will allow you to yell at your husband-no matter where he is in the house! Surrounding yourself with regular pillows (don't forget to swipe your husband's) is just as good as buying a special large "pregnancy pillow"-and more adaptable to giving support where you personally need it? Doing the hokey pokey, or taking a warm shower, can ease Braxton Hicks contractions? Full of insight, hilarity, and practical solutions on every page, Pregnancy Sucks shows how, through it all, you can survive with your health, dignity, and sanity intact!
 id : 237450 ISBN : 0897214250  | name : Ortho's All about Bulbs  |  description : A guide to selecting and growing bulbs both indoors and out includes a chapter devoted to designing gardens with seasonal bulbs and another on how to spot healthy bulbs at the garden center.
 id : 237451 ISBN : 0754091325  | name : Wilful Behaviour  |  description : When one of his wife's students is murdered, Commissario Brunetti's investigation opens up long-buried secrets of collaboration and the exploitation of Italian Jews during the war, secrets few in Italy are happy to explore.
 id : 237452 ISBN : 0394585712  | name : More Annotated Alice  |  description : Alice travels to Wonderland, first when she falls through a rabbit hole, and a second time when she goes through a mirror to the other side.
 id : 237454 ISBN : 0736904395  | name : A Marriage Without Regrets Study Guide  |  description : This guide includes additional insights, suggestions, and hands–on ideas for living out God’s design for marriage. Ideal for couples and group settings.
 id : 237457 ISBN : 0805401644  | name : The Power of Prayer and Fasting  |  description : Ronnie W. Floyd in The Power of Prayer and Fasting issues a stirring call to revival--not through our own effors, but by coming to the Lord through prayer and fasting and letting him change ourselves, our churches, and the world for the better.
 id : 237458 ISBN : 158134449X  | name : The Gospel According to Job  |  description : Arranged as a series of meditations on selected passages from one of the Bible's most beloved books, this book is for Christians who, like Job, are experiencing deep suffering and a sense of separation from God.
 id : 237459 ISBN : 1576739821  | name : 30 Days to Experiencing Spiritual Breakthroughs  |  description : Bruce Wilkinson, author of the #1 NY Times bestseller The Prayer of Jabez, offers daily tools for spiritual breakthroughs in this collection of wisdom from today's most influential Christian communicators.
 id : 237460 ISBN : 0843107626  | name : Elf  |  description : This is the story of Buddy Hobbs, an elf who feels a little out of place at the North Pole. But what Buddy lacks in elfin abilities, he makes up for in Christmas cheer!
 id : 237461 ISBN : 006095390X  | name : 100 Ways To Keep Your Soul Alive Hallmark  |  description : This delightful gift book is truly a care package for the soul, with 100 concise suggestions for day-to-day nuturing and healing of the spirit. Quotations from such diverse sources as Thomas Moore, Zen master Suzuki-roshi, and The Talmud offer strategies that highlight the sacred in daily life, providing nourishment for self-esteem, imagination, and soulfulness.
 id : 237463 ISBN : 0970640595  | name : Himalayan Dhaba  |  description : "In a remote Himalayan village, a widowed American doctor searches for the ghost of her husband, an injured traveler is kidnapped, and the waiter in the local dhaba finds love when he leasts expects it"--Back cover.
 id : 237464 ISBN : 0570044537  | name : Made for Each Other  |  description : Provides newlyweds with meditations and prayers based on the essence of marriage, marriage enrichment and practical living.
 id : 237467 ISBN : 0316106828  | name : Christmas Joy  |  description : Susan Branch's inimitable whimsy and charm have won her a large and loyal following across America -- and made her previous gift books and cookbooks perennial bestsellers. This Keepsake Book features recipes and paintings for Christmas -- put one in someone's stocking! Ribbon marker.
 id : 237468 ISBN : 0140240349  | name : The Penguin Book of Garden Writing  |  description : First published in 1996 by Viking. The author traces the history of garden design and presents a collection of the characters who have peopled the gardens through the ages. Brings together a mix of writers of prose, poetry and drama through the centuries who have described the elements of gardening and garden-making.
 id : 237470 ISBN : 0880014563  | name : Bells In Winter  |  description : Poems translated from the Polish capture the beauty of the land and the despair of man
 id : 237474 ISBN : 0441451519  | name : Knowing Your Child Through His Handwriting and Drawings  |  description : A graphological guide assists parents in recognizing signs of their children's feelings and normal problems of growing up and offers suggestions for dealing with specific problems
 id : 237475 ISBN : 0810957256  | name : Cats On Quilts  |  description : Presents a variety of images of felines adorning a collection of quilts dating from 1840 to the mid-twentieth century accompanied by poetry and prose selections, and includes a discussion of the changing styles and techniques of quiltmaking over the pastcentury.
 id : 237476 ISBN : 0310269822  | name : How to Win Over Depression  |  description : This classic best-seller, which describes the causes of and cure for depression, has been completely revised and updated to reflect the changes in the understanding and treatment of depression in the last two decades.
 id : 237477 ISBN : 0517146711  | name : Norman Vincent Peale  |  description : From the man who taught Americans to think positive, an inspirational guide that offers straight-talking, step-by-step systems for turning self-doubt into self-esteem, obstacles into opportunities and thought into action. Includes Amazing Results of Positive Thinking, Guide to Confident Living and Stay Alive All Your Life.
 id : 237478 ISBN : 1573241679  | name : The Party Girl Cookbook  |  description : Tap into your inner party girl! No more boring parties! Whether you're entertaining three people or three hundred, The Party Girl Cookbook can turn you into a party girl and every occasion into a memorable event. Most entertaining books are overly ambitious and complex, or assume you have limitless resources and a catering staff at your disposal. The average woman who wants to give a party without breaking the bank or her back is out of luck. Not any more. The Party Girls' number one rule is, Have fun!, even and especially if you're the hostess. No deep frying or stuffing miniature mushrooms for hours on end. Each of the twenty-four themed fetes, from the familiar--Halloween and Valentine's Day--to the exotic--Come As You Were: Reincarnation Party--include ideas for invitations, party favors, decorations, music, games, costumes, and tons of food and drink. Whether you use The Party Girl Cookbook as a step-by-step guide to throwing the most talked-about party ever, or as a personal manifesto to living life like a party girl, it will entertain and enlighten you with its humor, energy, and originality.
 id : 237480 ISBN : 0307213560  | name : A, My Name is Annabel  |  description : Preschool book featuring Grover teaching the alphabet.
 id : 237481 ISBN : 1573240303  | name : Wild Women in the Kitchen  |  description : Combines recipes with profiles of famous women and the dishes that they inspired the authors to create
 id : 237482 ISBN : 1859671381  | name : Ribbonwork  |  description : A complete guide to working with ribbons; from contemporary craft artist.
 id : 237484 ISBN : 0689822030  | name : Dinosaur's Binkit  |  description : A dinosaur and his fuzzy blanket get ready for bed in this nifty, interactive board book featuring lift-the-flaps and tactile elements from Sandra Boynton. Little ones (and their adults) will giggle at the routine of this sleepy dinosaur as he gets ready for bed. He may put on his jammies and brush his teeth, but he won’t go to bed without his binkit! Dinosaur O Dinosaur, stop tromping all around. The silver moon is rising. It’s time to settle down. WHERE’S MY BINKIT?
 id : 237485 ISBN : 0448411415  | name : Baby Bugs  |  description : Photographs and rhyming text present babies dressed up as a variety of insects.
 id : 237488 ISBN : 0688050697  | name : Union Square  |  description : The lives of four women--labor unionist Sarah Levy; her fashion designer sister, Ruby; bohemian, pleasure-loving Rachel Sloate; and Tish, an expatriate--are set against the colorful, turbulent backdrop of 1920s and 1930s New York and Europe
 id : 237489 ISBN : 0843938161  | name : For Love and Honor  |  description : Vowing to do anything to clear himself of a false murder charge and win the love of Joanna, Sir Alain begins a summer of passion and hope that brings both of them from England to the shores of Sicily. Original.
 id : 237490 ISBN : 0451209206  | name : Mrs. Malory and Death in Practice  |  description : When Dr. Malcolm Hardy, a much-despised veterinarian who is even detested by his furry patients, is found murdered, Mrs. Malory sets out to find a killer in a town full of suspects. Original.
 id : 237491 ISBN : 0872263355  | name : The Pendragon Chronicles  |  description : A collection of Arthurian short stories and short novels by such authors as John Steinbeck, Jane Yolen, Phyllis Ann Karr, and Andre Norton
 id : 237492 ISBN : 067161455X  | name : Double Standards  |  description : Hired to spy on Global Industries by a rival corporation, Lauren's secret could destroy her unexpected relationship with Nick Sinclair, Global's handsome president.
 id : 237493 ISBN : 0670837830  | name : Duchess of Milan  |  description : Two young women in the warring states of Italy seek to control their destinies in a world shaped by men
 id : 237494 ISBN : 0671674617  | name : The Last Resort  |  description : Determined to hire the most experienced help available, the owners of the Mount Mirage resort enlist the aid of teen sleuths Frank, Joe, and Nancy, who are to provide security while rock star Brad MacDougal films a video.
 id : 237495 ISBN : 0786001313  | name : Road to the Isle  |  description : Facing a life as a prostitute in 1715 Scotland when her husband dies and leaves her penniless, Abby Fields plans to escape her fate with the help of renegade soldier Calum Og MacDonald. Original.
 id : 237500 ISBN : 0312014112  | name : Crazy Time  |  description : Zapped by an experimental laser, "Corky" Corcoran is dispersed into space and must gather himself in the form of an apparition around psychologist Lauren Steele, while a paranoid colonel from the Pentagon pursues them, thinking they are Soviet spies
 id : 237501 ISBN : 0553289101  | name : Seize the Sky  |  description : Custer confronts his destiny at Little Big Horn and his legend lives on through his Cheyenne son. Never one to proceed cautiously when an impetuous move could win him glory, Custer marched his famed Seventh Calvary against the Sioux in June 1876. He was thirty-six, already a mythic hero to some, with the possibility of a presidential nomination looming in his future; while to others he was an arrogant and dangerous fool, misguided in his determination to subjugate the Plains tribes. What should have been his greatest triumph became an utterly devastating defeat that would ring through the ages and serve as a turning point in the Indian Wars.
 id : 237502 ISBN : 0091878152  | name : The Luberon Garden  |  description : A landscape gardener of international renown, the author was in search of a challenge - a new climate, a new way of gardening and a new way of life. This work presents his account of gardening his way round Provence, and in particular, of attempting to restore the secret garden of Menerbes.
 id : 237503 ISBN : 0689121407  | name : Trick Or Treat  |  description : Nell hated beautiful, popular Olive when they were girls. Now they are aging neighbours -- Nell, a widow with a cleaning fetish who converses with her dead husband; and Olive, a confused mountain of fat who is doted on by her lover Arthur. When a young hippie family moves into the house between them, and then Nell's ex-convict son moves back home, sparks fly. Some strong language, some violence, and some descriptions of sex.
 id : 237507 ISBN : 8806148613  | name : Il giorno del lupo  |  description : Dans sa seconde aventure, Coliandro, qui continue à commettre de grosses bourdes, se retrouve mêlé cette fois à une affaire de blanchiment d'argent de la mafia. Si Coliandro apparaît comme un être primaire et un rien benêt (il vénère sa voiture et pense que les femmes se font violer parce qu'elles sortent tard et qu'elles sont provocantes), Nikita, une punk avec qui il forme un duo improbable, est, elle, subtile, volontaire et toujours là pour réparer les bévues de son ami.
 id : 237509 ISBN : 0451406966  | name : Blood Will Tell  |  description : Theresa Galloway is a stressed-out professional woman with a demanding job, a husband and family to care for, and a mother who's a magnet for trouble! Now she's sent over the edge as a stranger claiming to be Theresa's long-lost brother moves into her mother's home. But when he soon turns up dead, the amateur sleuth finds that some family ties are fatal indeed.
 id : 237510 ISBN : 0809000598  | name : The Lincoln Nobody Knows  |  description : "Abraham Lincoln as politician, president, and human being comes to life in all the conflicts, paradoxes, and seeming contradictions that surround him. Packed with fascinating details, The Lincoln Nobody Knows is a study of the obscure and misunderstood facets of the great statesman's career and private life."--Back cover
 id : 237511 ISBN : 0316342823  | name : The Great Waldo Search  |  description : The reader tries to follow Waldo as he embarks on a fantastic journey among the Gobbling Gluttons, the Battling Monks, the Deep-sea Divers, the Underground Hunters, and the Land of Waldos in search of a special scroll.
 id : 237512 ISBN : 0967083001  | name : Chiropractic Works!  |  description : "Chiropractic Works!" is about the vast benefits that chiropractic care has to offer families. The myth that chiropractic is only for back and neck pain is revealed as we explore the multitude of conditions and diseases that chiropractic care has helped minimize the pain and suffering from. "Chiropractic Works!" shares hundreds of patient stories with the reader; as well as a section sharing testimonials from hundreds of celebrities, and entertainers. The book includes a frequently asked questions section to answer the basic questions about chiropractic.
 id : 237514 ISBN : 1567182003  | name : New Chakra Healing  |  description : New Chakra Healing begins where the traditional seven-chakra system leaves off. Cyndi Dale explains how to work with the energy of the back sides of the chakras, as well as 20 other spiritual energy points. This innovative book also reveals a unique blend of psychological and spiritual healing techniques the author has used to treat thousands of clients-often with dramatic results. Included are step-by-step methods to remove internal energy blocks which manifest stress, addictions, low self-esteem, money and relationship problems, depression, and chronic pain or illness. By working with chakras and spiritual energy fields, readers can heal all resistance to living a successful life.
 id : 237515 ISBN : 0156028395  | name : Maigret and the Bum  |  description : A homeless man is found beaten and unconscious along the banks of the Seine. Inspector Maigret must connect him to a past--and a possible motive for for his attempted murder. The investigation provides Maigret with a chilling look at those who have rejected society and the small measure of justice it offers them. Maigret is a registered trademark of the Estate of Georges Simenon
 id : 237516 ISBN : 0821770683  | name : One Wild Rose  |  description : In 1867 Colorado, Roselyn O'Neill is ready to settle down for a quiet life after following her saloon-singer mother for years. But her mother is in trouble again, and Roselyn must retrieve a stolen pouch of jewels. It seems simple enough--until Roselyn meets headstrong Texas Ranger Madsen Bold.
 id : 237517 ISBN : 0316923265  | name : Beautiful Swimmers  |  description : Combines a natural history of the Atlantic blue crab with an historical and ecological study of Chesapeake Bay and a chronicle of the commercial crabber's year
 id : 237518 ISBN : 0312185618  | name : Cutter's Run  |  description : After finding a mysterious local woman missing from a remote cabin covered in swastikas, Brady Coyne cuts short his Maine vacation in order to get to the bottom of whatever threat lies beneath the idyllic scenery.
 id : 237520 ISBN : 3312007402  | name : An Türen klopfen  |  description : Inhaltsverzeichnis: Januargeschichte: Kann ein Haus fliegen? Februargeschichte: An Türen klopfen. Märzgeschichte: Der Starenbaum. Aprilgeschichte: Innen und aussen. Maigeschichte: Schwitzen. Junigeschichte: Herr Sommerauer. Juligeschichte: Weder Fisch noch Vogel. Augustgeschichte: Fessel und Schere. Septembergeschichte: Ein Duft von Thymian. Oktobergeschichte: Frage und Antwort . Novembergeschichte: Fünf Koffer. Dezembergeschichte: Feigenkern und Dattelstein.
 id : 237523 ISBN : 0786004150  | name : Legacy  |  description : Erika St. James long ago stopped believing in miracles. Then she learns she is about to inherit a fortune--provided she comply with the unusual terms of the will. For one year, she must manage an old friend's estate in cooperation with her benefactor's grandson. And something more--she's got to live with him.
 id : 237524 ISBN : 0141309202  | name : Dreams  |  description : Discusses causes and meanings of dreams, and includes famous dreams through history.
 id : 237526 ISBN : 0609611046  | name : Fire Point  |  description : When Evan Chase drowns in the Palm Beach surf, the cops believe it's murder. But what begins as a high-profile murder case, evolves into a frightening conspiracy involving huge amounts of money, corrupt police and a horrible and bizarre truth.
 id : 237528 ISBN : 0786869097  | name : My Life Had Stood a Loaded Gun  |  description : In a nely wrought memoir, thirty-three-year-old Theo Padnos describes his experiences teaching a literature class inside a locked prison room at the Woodstock Correctional Facility in Vermont. His students, ages seventeen to twenty-ve, stand accused of grisly, calculated crimes: beatings, rape, drug dealing, and murder. All are drifting, including the teacher himself. By rejecting standard prison safety precautions-videotape, monitored windows, an open door-Padnos creates an atmosphere of trust, and through the works of seminal American writers, enables these young prisoners to talk about their lives and the apocalyptic myths and metaphors that motivate their crimes. Armed with self-deprecating humor, Theo Padnos guides his students to discover themselves and each other through the power of the written word-and nds himself along the way. My Life Had Stood a Loaded Gun is a clear-eyed work that penetrates a formerly unmapped territory and unflinchingly tackles questions that haunt us.
 id : 237529 ISBN : 0425171191  | name : Run Time  |  description : Radio reporter Sam Ridley races against time to clear his name as he goes on the run from the police after waking up with a hangover next to the body of a murder victim, his new female friend. Reprint.
 id : 237530 ISBN : 0312026420  | name : Smart House  |  description : Charlie Meiklejohn, a retired policeman, and Constance Leidl, a former psychologist, investigate the murder of Gary Elringer during a house party at his totally automated home
 id : 237531 ISBN : 1580400299  | name : More Diabetic Meals in 30 Minutes—Or Less!  |  description : Preparing great-tasting meals that fit into a healthy meal plan is difficult enough. Preparing them in 30 minutes or less is even more of a challenge. Diabetes cookbook author Robyn Webb introduces an all-new collection of more than 200 new quick-and-easy recipes. Readers can choose from a healthy variety of appetizers, desserts, soups, salads, or entrees.
 id : 237532 ISBN : 0152057218  | name : Baseball in April and Other Stories  |  description : American society has reneged on its promise to the baby-boom generation. Young people for the first time find themselves unable to duplicate, let alone surpass, their own parents’ standard of living.Declining Fortunessheds new light on a driving issue of our day: downward mobility and the politics of resentment.
 id : 237533 ISBN : 0066212677  | name : Sailors to the End  |  description : In the tradition of New York Times bestsellers In Harm's Way and The Terrible Hours comes a mesmerizing, high-adrenaline account of the heroic sailors who survived one of the worst accidents in U.S. naval history. Sailors to the End tells the dramatic and until now forgotten story of the 1967 fire on board the USS Forrestal during its time at Yankee Station off the coast of Vietnam. The aircraft carrier, the mightiest of the U.S. fleet, was preparing to launch attacks into North Vietnam when one of its jets accidentally fired a rocket across the flight deck and into an aircraft occupied by pilot John McCain. A huge fire ensued, and McCain barely escaped before a 1,000-pound bomb on his plane exploded, causing a chain reaction with other bombs on surrounding planes. The crew struggled for days to extinguish the fires, the five thousand men on board experiencing different kinds of hell -- some trapped in damaged compartments waiting to die, some battling rivers of flaming jet fuel in order to rescue their buddies. Almost all of them were innocent eighteen- and nineteen-year-olds, but in an instant they were thrust into a tragedy that nearly destroyed the ship and took the lives of 134 men. Written with the intensity and excitement of a thriller, and based on never-before-disclosed information and extensive interviews with the fire's survivors, here is the first full, minute-by-minute account of the disaster. Told through the stories of a dozen sailors, including John Beling, the carrier's beloved captain who was made a scapegoat for the disaster, Sailors to the End follows the Forrestal from its home in Norfolk, Virginia, through its mission in Vietnam. Focusing on the fateful fire and its aftermath, this book provides a gripping tale of heartache and heroism as young men find themselves trapped on a burning ship with bombs exploding all around them. Sailors to the End also corrects the official view of the fire, providing evidence that the U.S. government compromised the ship's safety by insisting on increased bombing despite the shortage of reliable weapons. For thirty-five years, the terrible loss of life has been blamed on the sailors themselves, but this meticulously documented history shows that they were truly the victims and heroes, deserving recognition for their efforts during a sweeping tragedy that until now has been only a footnote in history. Gregory A. Freeman dramatically brings this story to life, creating a work that is both riveting and moving.
 id : 237534 ISBN : 0670807397  | name : Voyages  |  description : While immobilized in a hospital bed, Janessa journeys into a world of dreamlike adventures with the gods of Norse legend.
 id : 237535 ISBN : 0805011951  | name : Escalante  |  description : The story of a high school teacher whose students, underprivileged and Hispanic, have set standards in mathematics all but unequaled in American education.
 id : 237536 ISBN : 0534528252  | name : The Place of Mind  |  description : This highly accessible combination of articles with readable and teachable supporting introductions and text enables students to understand assigned readings well enough to be able to come to class ready to ask intelligent questions and engage in critical discussion.
 id : 237538 ISBN : 0887080421  | name : Rooster's Off to See the World  |  description : "One fine morning, a rooster decided he wanted to travel." In strikingly designed, colorful collage illustrations and a beguiling simple text, Eric Carle takes his young readers on a trip with the rooster and his companions. As he travels, the rooster is joined by two cats, three frogs, four turtles and five fish, offering the child a graphic introduction to the meaning of numbers, number sets and addition within the context of an entertaining story. When night falls, the rooster's friends find he has made no provisions for their food or shelter and, disappointed, they abandon the expedition -- once again in sets of five, four, three and two, but this time in a declining series. Finally the rooster, too, decides that he has seen enough of the world and that he is, in fact, a little bit homesick. Eric Carle believes in letting children make learning discoveries at their own pace. This book can be read and enjoyed for its story and its beautiful illustrations alone; however, the child who is ready to begin to think mathematically will find additional pleasures in the opportunities presented in the text, the pictures and the diagrams for learning basic arithmetic concepts.
 id : 237539 ISBN : 1883010276  | name : Herbs for Your Health  |  description : A Guide to knowing and using 50 common herbs.
 id : 237541 ISBN : 096226833X  | name : Eco-warriors  |  description : Eco-Warriors was the first in-depth look at the people, actions, history and philosophies behind the "radical" environmental movement, updated in a new edition.
 id : 237542 ISBN : 0806517506  | name : Inner Peace in a 9-to-5 World  |  description : Inner Peace In A 9-to-5 World is about learning to become your own inner healer without giving up your current activities. It's about awakening your spiritual nature and slipping nourishment for the body, the mind, and the soul into your daily life. Through various meditation techniques, food combining, a selection of yoga postures (both full-body and hand), and the use of crystals and color healing, you can approach your life and the people in it with calmness, inner peace, and increased compassion, clarity, and understanding. Inner Peace In A 9-to-5 World is a guide that offers techniques on healing the body and mind that can be done in five minutes or fifteen, on the couch, at your desk, or standing in line at the supermarket. These activities will flex your spiritual muscles, stretch your mind, tone your thoughts, and open your eyes to a new working reality.
 id : 237543 ISBN : 0743456696  | name : Yoga  |  description : Third in a series of wellness books from the renowned health and beauty shop chain, The Body Shop(, this beautifully packaged book is a practical, accessible, and well-illustrated guide to yoga.
 id : 237548 ISBN : 0385323174  | name : What Child is This?  |  description : On this Christmas Eve, the snow lies on the ground and the stars shine bright, but the grown-ups leave a lot to be desired. And the children desire so much. Katie, a foster child, wants only one thing: a family. Who is there who can bring such as immense gift? There are no wise men coming from the East. There are no shepherds watching in the fields. But there is Matt Morden, age sixteen, who believes he is doing a good deed. There is Liz Kitchell, also sixteen, whose family decorates and celebrates but leaves Liz wondering where the meaning of the holiday has gone. There are Mr. Knight and his son, Tack, who run an inn and put up a tree on which children's wishes will hang, waiting to be granted. It's Christmas, the season of miracles, joy, and hope. Is that spirit strong enough to bring about the impossible? Join Caroline B. Cooney, bestselling author of "The Face on the Milk Carton and "The Voice on the Radio, in celebrating a most memorable Christmas. "What Child Is This? is a story about giving and the beauty of love.
 id : 237550 ISBN : 0689500890  | name : The Birdstones  |  description : A group of children in a crowded school invent a girl who does not exist and find their prank played back at them in a most unexpected way.
 id : 237555 ISBN : 0761536604  | name : Global Warming and Other Eco-myths  |  description : Includes essays by Nobel Laureate Dr. Norman E. Borlaug and other noted scientists and scholars The modern environmental movement began with the publication of three seminal works, Rachel Carson's "Silent Spring, Paul Ehrlich's "The Population Bomb, and the Club of Rome's "The Limits to Growth. These books' dismal visions of a poisoned, over-populated, resource-depleted world spiraling down toward environmental collapse are today's conventional wisdom. And every year we hear about new "conclusive" reports from special interest groups claiming that our atmosphere's temperatures are soaring, our air and water are more polluted, our cities are more crowded, and our global food supply is more precarious than ever before. However, according to a number of leading scientists from around the world, members of the environmental movement are guilty of twisting--sometimes manufacturing--the facts in an effort to frighten people into joining their cause. In this eye-opening book, some of the most respected researchers in the country explode the myths behind much of the doom and gloom of today's environmental movement. You will discover how the hysteria about global warming, overpopulation, mass extinctions, imminent famines, biotechnology, energy shortages, and more are grounded not in reason but in false science and a fear of progress. When placed beside the overwhelming facts, some of the most pervasive eco-myths crumble, including: Myth: Antarctica is melting due to global warming--threatening to raise ocean levels Fact: Antarctica has been cooling--and its glaciers thickening--for the past 30 years Myth: The global population is growing faster than our ability toproduce food Fact: Global fertility rates are falling dramatically, and with advanced technology, farmers are producing more food using fewer resources than ever before Myth: Solar- and wind-powered generators are a renewable, efficient, and less intrusive alternative to gas-, oil-, and coal-burning generators Fact: Global fossil fuel supplies are in no near-term danger of being depleted, and a single 555-megawatt natural gas power plant produces more electricity than 13,000 windmills Myth: Modern pesticides and fertilizers are increasing the rates of cancer in humans Fact: No study has ever shown that anyone has developed cancer from the legal application of pesticides, and environmental pollution accounts for at most 2 percent of all cancer cases versus 30 percent caused by tobacco use And many more Ultimately, this book shows that uniting much of the environmental movement is an agenda that is not so much anti-pollution as it is anti-human. "Global Warming and Other Eco-Myths lays out the "true state of the planet, which, as you'll discover, is more healthy, vibrant, and clean than ideologically motivated environmentalists want you to believe.
 id : 237556 ISBN : 0849950171  | name : Sister, Stay Out!  |  description : Two guardian angels-in-training who are having trouble getting along are sent to help two sisters in similar circumstances.
 id : 237558 ISBN : 0786004789  | name : Wind in the Ashes  |  description : In post World War III America, soldier and survival expert Ben Raines and a small army of rebels wage a bloody guerilla war against the Russian invaders and the mercenary turncoat Sam Hartline who has joined them.
 id : 237560 ISBN : 1562055712  | name : The CGI Book  |  description : Explains how to set up data forms, design and implement clickable image maps, and utilize the special features of CGI (Common Gateway Interface) scripting and includes a CD-ROM containing public domain CGI utilities and the examples mentioned in the text. Original. (Advanced).
 id : 237561 ISBN : 0307240614  | name : Picture-Perfect Rome  |  description : Barbie is on an assignment in Italy photographing the U.S. Girls' Soccer Team! She explores all of Rome and luckily meets up with the team at the Colosseum. Will her lucky break turn into a winning photo shot? Find out in "Picture-Perfect Rome. Cool stickers inside! Girls can put them in the cool passport included with Barbie Passport to Adventure #1: "Paris by Design.
 id : 237563 ISBN : 0689830106  | name : The Perfect Bone  |  description : Cat is convinced he can make a fortune by selling Dog's triple-header bone. Soon the word is out and everyone is after Dog's treasure.
 id : 237564 ISBN : 1565121244  | name : The Blue Hour  |  description : What is the Blue Hour? It's when Father Doesn't Know Best, it's the morning after "Queen for a Day." It's when meltdown threatens a 1950s nuclear family in Meander, Illinois. It's 1959, as America gets ready to say goodbye to Mamie Eisenhower and hello to Jackie Kennedy. In this stunning debut, Elizabeth Evans shines the soft light of dusk on a 1950s family's journey from unquestioning innocence into tragic loss. "Very much a Great American Novel . . . one of those rare novels one finishes with the sense of having needed to read it."--Washington Post Book World.
 id : 237565 ISBN : 0440407818  | name : It's School Picture Day  |  description : As a class of school children have their individual school pictures taken, readers are reminded of how to have their own best pictures taken.
 id : 237566 ISBN : 0895863480  | name : Cooking for Christmas  |  description : Shares recipes for Christmas puddings, tarts, cakes, pastries, stuffings, cookies, relishes, casseroles, turkey dishes, vegetables, salads, soups, souffles, appetizers, and desserts
 id : 237567 ISBN : 0882665669  | name : Christmas Trees  |  description : Best-selling author Lewis Hill shares his decades of experience in this comprehensive guide to growing and selling Christmas trees, wreaths, and holiday greens. You'll discover everything you need to know to make your business thrive!
 id : 237570 ISBN : 0061083585  | name : Timberline  |  description : Rebecca Woodbine has given her whole self to the harsh Wyoming land, not realizing that her spirit has become as chilled as the Rocky Mountain winters. Then, desperate Ben Pershall forces her to give him refuge, and Rebecca discovers that even as he holds her captive, he has set her heart free.
 id : 237572 ISBN : 067187859X  | name : Action Stations  |  description : After a decade of peace, politicians of Earth and its colonies were running on platforms of "wasteful" military spending, forcing Earth's military to struggle to stay battle-ready. Now the colonies are being attacked by the feline race called the Kilrathi. The government is not taking the Kilrathi seriously, thinking that they're a third-rate power, which the Fleet could handle with ease. Commander Winston Turner hopes that mankind will recognize its mistake before it's too late.
 id : 237573 ISBN : 0525444750  | name : Buster's World  |  description : Buster's magic tricks get him in and out of trouble.
 id : 237574 ISBN : 0785280715  | name : Hope Valley War  |  description : When his younger brother is lynched, John Thornton returns to his beloved ranch in Hope Valley, Utah, at the request of his sister-in-law, the only woman he ever loved.
 id : 237575 ISBN : 1586683020  | name : The New Babysitter  |  description : The fourth in the Barney problem-solving series, children will learn that their babysitter can be a new friend and great playmate! Jimmy doesn't want to spend the evening with a new babysitter while his parents go out to dinner. But with Barney's help, Jimmy learns that the new babysitter knows lots of fun games and bedtime stories!
 id : 237576 ISBN : 0590438700  | name : The Christmas Cup  |  description : Eight-year-old Megan and her grandmother turn a worthless old cup to good use by saving money in it to buy a gift for a special person at Christmas.
 id : 237578 ISBN : 0886771811  | name : The Pride of Chanur  |  description : A human finds refuge on a spaceship operated by catlike beings. A sequel is Chanur's Venture.
 id : 237579 ISBN : 0804115516  | name : Star Country  |  description : From the Hollywood insider and bestselling author of "Bed/Time/Story" and "Perdito", a major new novel of the glittery world she grew up in. Alex Zachary has Hollywood in her blood. So when the legendary movie studio that her family lost comes up for sale, Alex vows to acquire it. But soon her ex-husband has offered his own blockbuster bid.
 id : 237580 ISBN : 0786704446  | name : Her Forbidden Knight  |  description : Published for the first time in book form, Stout's early detective story prefigures his immortal Nero Wolfe mysteries. In Stout's early and always entertaining mystery story, when Lila Williams, an innocent telegrapher at New York's upscale Lamartine Hotel, becomes enmeshed in a counterfeiting gang, the unlikely knight who comes to her rescue is on of the forgers.
 id : 237582 ISBN : 0783502001  | name : Pies & Tarts  |  description : Features 50 easy-to-make pie recipes with full-page, full-color photographs.
 id : 237583 ISBN : 0783502753  | name : Potatoes  |  description : Featureseasy to make potato recipes ranging from baked potatoes to yam souffle with photographs illustrating the finished dishes.
 id : 237585 ISBN : 078600438X  | name : Judgment in the Ashes  |  description : To millions, Simon Border is a saint who has the inside track to God. But to Ben Raines, Border is a dangerous hypocrite with an army of true believers who'll do anything they're ordered to do--like wage a holy war against Raines and the SUSA Rebels. Border has condemned Raines as the Antichrist and has vowed to destroy him, his followers, and what remains of America. As the rabid religious leader puts into place the final piece of a chilling plan, Raines is going to need a miracle to stop him--and survive. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 237587 ISBN : 0531059596  | name : Nothing But the Truth  |  description : In this thought-provoking examination of freedom, patriotism, and respect, ninth-grader Philip Malloy is kept from joining the track team by his failing grades in English class. Convinced that the teacher just doesn't like him, Philip concocts a plan to get transferred out of her class. Breaking the school's policy of silence during the national anthem, he hums along, and ends up in a crisis at the center of the nation's attention.
 id : 237589 ISBN : 0394754395  | name : Platitudes  |  description : As Dewayne Wellington, an experimental novelist, and Isshee Ayam, a radical feminist, collaborate on a novel, they reconcile their differences
 id : 237590 ISBN : 0553569856  | name : The Doctors Book of Home Remedies for Children  |  description : The essential home medical reference guide for children from infancy through age twelve, The Doctors Book of Home Remedies for Children is a book no parent will want to be without. It contains safe and easy home remedies for the bumps, bruises, aches, pains, scratches, and sniffles that come with childhood. The editors of Prevention Magazine Health Books asked more than 250 doctors, nurses, and health-care professionals for healing tips and techniques that parents could use at home. The result is this practical, easy-to-use medical reference for hundreds of childhood ailments. Inside you'll learn what medical experts do to stop bee stings from hurting, keep poison ivy from itching—and even stop siblings from fighting. "Medical Alerts" tell parents when to call a doctor, a "Prevention" section provides pointers for keeping kids accident-free, and under "First Aid" you'll find essential emergency procedures. Now every parent can get doctor-recommended remedies, for everything from allergies and animal bites to toothaches and TV addiction.
 id : 237591 ISBN : 0895944774  | name : Women of the 14th Moon  |  description : A rich anthology of essays, poems, and fantasies on the many meanings of menopause - physical, emotional, spiritual, and communal.
 id : 237592 ISBN : 0061056804  | name : A Hero Born  |  description : Locke, a budding swordsman, journeys to the City of the Sorcerers to seek his destiny beyond the Ward Walls in the realms of Chaos and finds himself in battle against an evil bent on the destruction of all human life. Original.
 id : 237593 ISBN : 089107970X  | name : A Family Christmas Treasury  |  description : A truly delectable assortment of shawlette patterns to knit and show off. These light and lacy originals are stylish showstoppers from beloved designer Jean Moss. Whether you are new to knitting or a seasoned expert, clear, detailed instructions ensure each pattern knits up faste"for a quick gift or a glamorous accessory. Includes six original, irresistible lace and lightweight shawlette patterns by knitwear designer Jean Moss: Kardamili ShawletteBront ShawletteMantilla ShawletteMadame Alfred ShawletteArabesque ScarfVamp Boa
 id : 237594 ISBN : 0515109258  | name : Thunder Rise  |  description : The New England community of Morgantown is gripped by a nameless evil that seems to emanate from within a nearby mountain and has targeted the town's children
 id : 237595 ISBN : 0553246755  | name : The Starless World  |  description : "The Enterprise is sent to investigate Klingon activity in the galactic core. They encounter a shuttlecraft piloted by Thomas Clayton, from the long-lost ship, the USS Rickover. Clayton is also an old friend of Kirk's, a former roommate from his time at Starfleet Academy. Kirk is prepared to dismiss his unfortunate friend as a madman until a mysterious force seizes control of the ship. Clayton declares the Enterprise is now going to meet his new god"--Wikipedia.
 id : 237596 ISBN : 0449225194  | name : A Death of Innocents  |  description : A.J. Orde, who is also successful SF author Sheri S. Tepper, unveils more of her exciting suburban mystery series starring antiques dealer/interior decorator/detective Jason Lynx. When Jason and his wife find the remains of a young girl beneath their porch, they want answers. An old evil takes a new lease on life--and death.
 id : 237598 ISBN : 037576108X  | name : The Christmas Tree  |  description : The Christmas Tree is the tale of a little girl named Anna, who is orphaned and sent to live in a convent. The lonely girl befriends, as only a child can, a tiny fir tree. Anna and Tree, as she calls him, grow up together, unlocking the secrets of friendship and sharing the wonders of nature. It is this same profound appreciation and love of nature that the grown-up Anna, now Sister Anthony, passes on to her students. When Tree is threatened by a winter storm, Sister Anthony, by now an old woman, decides to give up her dearest friend, allowing him to become the most enjoyed and famous tree of all: the tree at Rockefeller Center in New York City. A perennial holiday favorite, The Christmas Tree is about learning to love and, ultimately, being able to share that love with others.
 id : 237599 ISBN : 0373272588  | name : On Thin Ice  |  description : On Thin Ice by Debra Lee Brown released on Oct 25, 2002 is available now for purchase.
 id : 237600 ISBN : 0449225100  | name : The Christmas Carrolls  |  description : Can three Christmas belles...If Lord Carroll had one wish, it was to see his lovely daughters, Joia,
 id : 237602 ISBN : 0373220499  | name : Checkpoint  |  description : Checkpoint by Eve Gladstone released on Jul 25, 1986 is available now for purchase.
 id : 237605 ISBN : 067187795X  | name : Strange Deliverance  |  description : They called the mysteriously deserted village Deliverance, for that was what it seemed to be to the group of refugees who stumbled across it. In their desperation no one thought it odd that the village was both empty and picture-perfect. Or that the nearby forest, The Wilderness, was so strangely impenetrable. And anyway, they figured, if they left the Wilderness strictly alone it would return the favor.As the village's previous occupants could have told them, they were wrong about that last part....
 id : 237606 ISBN : 0821715704  | name : Rapture's Crown  |  description : Frances Stewart, the King's young favorite, and the Duke of Richmond risk treason when they fall in love
 id : 237607 ISBN : 0812545982  | name : The Fleet of Stars  |  description : The Fleet of Stars sees the return of Anson Guthrie, Poul Anderson's iconoclastic hero from Harvest of Stars. Suspecting a conspiracy to suppress humankind's fr.
 id : 237608 ISBN : 0425159620  | name : Sweet Miss Seeton  |  description : A teacher and amateur sleuth, Miss Seeton investigates the unexplained deaths of some otherwise healthy elderly neighbors--all of whom used the services of a certain asphalt company. She knows that it is up to her and her trusty sketch pad to discover who is paving the path to ruin for Plummergen's senior citizens.
 id : 237610 ISBN : 1569691509  | name : Dead Man's Confession  |  description : Sherlock Holmes's great-granddaughter, Shelly, investigates a mystery in order to save her father's detective agency after her parents' death.
 id : 237611 ISBN : 0879235411  | name : Over by the River, and Other Stories  |  description : Twelve stories, representing thirty years of Maxwell's work, trace the lines of attraction between people and between people and places, in New York, the Midwest, and France, and the weakening of those lines.
 id : 237613 ISBN : 0690000812  | name : A Parents' Guide to Child Safety  |  description : A MANUAL ON MAJOR HEALTH HAZARDS FOR CHILDREN, AND HOW TO PREVENT THEM.
 id : 237614 ISBN : 0671025317  | name : Tequila Mockingbird  |  description : Paul Bishop is one of Los Angeles's most respected cops. For over twenty years he's played hardball on the streets in what is perhaps the best-known police division in America, and he brings to his Fey Croaker novels the kind of authenticity that only an insider could achieve. The murder of Alex Waverly, a highly decorated detective assigned to the LAPD's clandestine Anti-Terrorist Division, appears to be an open-and-shut case of domestic violence turned deadly. Circumstances are not exactly what they seem, however, as Fey Croaker discovers when the chief of police removes responsibility for the investigation from the department's Robbery-Homicide Division and assigns it to her with instructions to wrap it up "quick and tidy. No muss, no fuss." Dropped into the middle of a power struggle between the chief of police and Vaughn Harrison, the department's deputy chief in charge of overseeing specialized investigation units -- including Robbery-Homicide Division and Alex Waverly's Anti-Terrorist Division -- Fey is torn between her loyalty to the Old Guard and following the razor's edge of integrity in a world filled with lies and deceptions. Struggling to overcome her personal demons, especially the death of her lover, Fey and her appealing crew, the dynamic Arch Hammersmith and Rhonda Lawless (a.k.a. Hammer and Nails), Brindle Jones, Abraham Cohen (a.k.a. Alphabet), and Fey's second-in-command Monk Lawson, courageously search for the truth, no matter what the cost. Racing to stay ahead of the rising body count, they quickly become moving targets in their struggle to stop a south-of-the-border terrorist from striking at the very heart of Los Angeles. Riveting in its plausibility, Tequila Mockingbird confirms Paul Bishop's place among the best of the police thriller writers and shows Fey Croaker and her team at the top of their form. Welcome aboard, fans of Joseph Wambaugh and William Caunitz. Paul Bishop has arrived.
 id : 237616 ISBN : 0883685361  | name : Heaven  |  description : From a biblical perspective, Grant Jeffrey explores the seemingly mysterious subjects of heaven, angels, and end-time events. Often-asked questions about the magnificent details of heaven are answered in these pages.
 id : 237617 ISBN : 0515115398  | name : Losing Isaiah  |  description : Two loving mothers come into painful emotional conflict with each other as Selma Richards, a former crack addict rebuilding her life, tries to reclaim her son Isaiah after Margaret Lewin, an upper middle-class woman, has adopted him
 id : 237619 ISBN : 0345303784  | name : The Montauk Fault  |  description : When newly developed secret weapons--Soviet and American--threaten total world destruction, a man is forced to reenter the dangerous, secret world of his past to try to prevent the cataclysm
 id : 237622 ISBN : 0689840349  | name : Greenwitch  |  description : Simon, Jane, and Barney, enlisted by their mysterious great-uncle, arrive in a small coastal town to recover a priceless golden grail stolen by the forces of evil -- Dark. They are not at first aware of the strange powers of another boy brought to help, Will Stanton -- nor of the sinister significance of the Greenwitch, an image of leaves and branches that for centuries has been cast into the sea for good luck in fishing and harvest. Their search for the grail sets into motion a series of distubing, sometimes dangerous events that, at their climax, bring forth a gift that, for a time at least, will keep the Dark from rising.
 id : 237623 ISBN : 0764220497  | name : Contemplating the Cross  |  description : This unique book goes beyond providing devotional material to lead a person on a pilgrimage through the days of Christ's Passion. Through exercises in Scripture reading and meditative prayer, "Contemplating the Cross" provides life-changing encounters with the crucified Christ.
 id : 237626 ISBN : 0698116062  | name : Ribbons  |  description : If you asked her, Robin would say that ballet means everything to her. But no one's asking Robin. Not her parents, who can no longer afford ballet lessons because all of their money is going toward bringing Robin's Chinese grandmother to America. Not her grandmother, a demanding woman who can barely walk. And now, Robin is even losing touch with her ballet friends, who are moving on without her. It's hard for Robin to hide her resentment of this foreign grandmother who's changed her whole life. Then Robin uncovers a secret that leads to a new understanding of the many ways in which she and her tough old grandmother are alike. "An appealing story that draws readers into the world of ballet, while offering an authentic and sometimes amusing look at the dynamics of Chinese-American family life."—School Library Journal "Kids who appreciate a story about fighting for one's dream will enjoy Robin's saga."—The Bulletin of the Center for Children's Books
 id : 237629 ISBN : 0375704159  | name : The Vampire Armand  |  description : See the difference, read #1 bestselling author Anne Rice in Large Print * About Large Print All Random House Large Print editions are published in a 16-point typeface In the latest installment of The Vampire Chronicles, Anne Rice summons up dazzling worlds to bring us the story of Armand - eternally young, with the face of a Botticelli angel. Armand, who first appeared in all his dark glory more than twenty years ago in the now-classic Interview with the Vampire, the first of The Vampire Chronicles, the novel that established its author worldwide as a magnificent storyteller and creator of magical realms. Now, we go with Armand across the centuries to the Kiev Rus of his boyhood - a ruined city under Mongol dominion - and to ancient Constantinople, where Tartar raiders sell him into slavery. And in a magnificent palazzo in the Venice of the Renaissance we see him emotionally and intellectually in thrall to the great vampire Marius, who masquerades among humankind as a mysterious, reclusive painter and who will bestow upon Armand the gift of vampiric blood. As the novel races to its climax, moving through scenes of luxury and elegance, of ambush, fire, and devil worship to nineteenth-century Paris and today's New Orleans, we see its eternally vulnerable and romantic hero forced to choose between his twilight immortality and the salvation of his immortal soul. From the Trade Paperback edition.
 id : 237631 ISBN : 0385475489  | name : After Dark  |  description : A top county prosecutor from Oregon is accused of murdering her estranged husband, Justice Robert Griffen, soon after the mysterious death of Griffen's female law clerk. By the author of Gone, But Not Forgotten. 150,000 first printing. $150,000 ad/promo. Tour.
 id : 237633 ISBN : 0871312603  | name : The Quick and Easy Vegetarian Cookbook  |  description : Out of print for several years, this book has long been a classic guide to vegetarian cuisine with nearly 100,000 copies sold since its publication in 1979. Now, updated and expanded for the '90s, it features delicious recipes for everything from appetizers to desserts, including a recipe for veggie pizza and a marvelous Cheesecake Superstar.
 id : 237635 ISBN : 0821743929  | name : Phantom Strike  |  description : Andrew Wyatt, an ex-top gun pilot turned "covert specialist," is on a mission to stop the Libyan high command from testing new--and massively destructive--chemical weapons. By the author of Delta Green. Original.
 id : 237636 ISBN : 0843927321  | name : Night Flame  |  description : It didn't matter who, why, or what she was, Night Hawk, the Cheyenne Indian, wanted the red hair, blue eyes, and the soft body of Flame
 id : 237637 ISBN : 1562612573  | name : Pacific Northwest Travel-Smart Trip Planner  |  description : This guide combines comprehensive information with a flexible planner to help travelers mix and match itineraries with their interests. Outdoors enthusiasts can plot a route based on the best hiking, biking or water sports, while culture mavens can chart a course that includes museums, theaters and crafts outlets. Scenic routes are highlighted and mileage information and climate charts help vacationers choose where and when to travel. Photos. 40 maps and charts.
 id : 237638 ISBN : 0064432521  | name : Pierre  |  description : Pierre’s ‘I don’t care!’ intrigues a hungry lion. ‘A story with a moral air about Pierre, who learned to care.’
 id : 237640 ISBN : 0553239732  | name : Dr. Abravanel's Body Type Diet and Lifetime Nutrition Plan  |  description : The unique body-typing program that teaches you how to: Lose weight Achieve your ideal body shape Target your trouble spots Boost your energy Eliminate food cravings forever Feel better than you ever thought possible Do you crave coffee and sweets--or a nice thick steak? Do you get love handles--or jiggly pockets on your thighs? Are you quick-tempered--or impatient and easily depressed? Believe it or not, your answers to these and other questions posed in this breakthrough book will help you discover which of the four basic "Body Type" categories you fall into--the first step toward determining what you need to do to lose weight and look and feel better than ever. More than just a diet, Dr. Abravanel's one-of-a-kind plan is a complete health, fitness, and nutrition program that first teaches you how to determine your body type and then custom-tailors a three-step weight-loss plan and exercise regimen just for you. Using the latest scientific research, Dr. Abravanel has revised and expanded this successful strategy to make it even more effective and easy to follow. This revolutionary program includes: A newly revised Body Type questionnaire you can do at home A detailed list of foods you should avoid--and those you must eat A four-week eating plan, complete with daily menus and recipes A guide to supplements, herbal remedies, and exercise routines for each Body Type A Long Weekend of Rejuvenation to purify your system and clear your mind Now, to find out which Body Type you fall into, turn to the first page....
 id : 237641 ISBN : 0590411217  | name : The gingerbread man and other tales.  |  description : Includes : Jack and the Beanstalk ; The Three Billy Goats Gruff ; and The Little Red Hen.
 id : 237643 ISBN : 0737300426  | name : Dangerous Encounters  |  description : Recounts real-life encounters between people and wild animals. Includes advice for avoiding such attacks.
 id : 237644 ISBN : 0307101061  | name : Baby Animals on the Farm  |  description : Katie visits all the farm animals and their young ones.
 id : 237645 ISBN : 0440413524  | name : Snake Alley Band  |  description : When the Shhh-BOOM, Shhh-BOOM, Shhh-BOOM of the snake band begins to sound a little monotonous Snake suggests adding Frog's cha-BOP, or maybe Cricket's chew-up chew-up.
 id : 237647 ISBN : 0671850237  | name : It's All in Your Head  |  description : Looks at the latest scientific research into the human mind and psyche, explores the mind-body connection, exposes popular myths, and reveals little-known facts about how the brain works
 id : 237649 ISBN : 094839059X  | name : The Art of Mackin'  |  description : This book, The Art Of Mackin takes a fun, yet serious look at modern male/female relationships. The first how to book that teaches men how to actually become 'players and macks...
 id : 237651 ISBN : 0935796681  | name : The Red Badge of Courage  |  description : The Red Badge of Courage by Stephen Crane, first published on October 5th 1895.
 id : 237652 ISBN : 0140350322  | name : The Prisoner of Zenda  |  description : Rudolf Rossendyll falls in love with Princess Flavia on his perilous mission to release the king of Zenda from his captors
 id : 237653 ISBN : 0373116187  | name : Dreaming  |  description : Dreaming by Charlotte Lamb released on Nov 24, 1993 is available now for purchase.
 id : 237655 ISBN : 0671682547  | name : The Spaniard's Gift  |  description : After the death of her father, Emma Molinero moves in with her grandmother and struggles to find a place for herself in a rugged English village
 id : 237656 ISBN : 1550502719  | name : Peacekeepers  |  description : Thirteen-year-old Nell Hopkins is bullied at her new school. Can she keep the peace at home while her mother's on a peacekeeping mission in Bosnia?
 id : 237659 ISBN : 0373240023  | name : Mr. Angel  |  description : Mr. Angel by Beth Henderson released on Oct 25, 1995 is available now for purchase.
 id : 237660 ISBN : 0380775263  | name : Red Sky Warrior  |  description : Refusing to enter into a marriage arranged by her scheming businessman father, Maggie Harrington proposes to convicted outlaw Cade Chisk-Ko, promising to rescue him from being hanged if he will marry her for one year only. Original.
 id : 237662 ISBN : 2070428699  | name : L'énigme de la Marie-Galante  |  description : Pourquoi remettre en état la Marie-Galante, vieille goélette abandonnée dans le port de Fécamp ? Pourquoi lui faire prendre le large en pleine nuit comme un vaisseau fantôme ? Qui est la femme dont on a retrouvé le corps dans le réservoir ? Et qui l'a tuée ? Autant de questions auxquelles doit répondre G.7, pour sa première enquête comme détective privé. Mais un vilain rhume le cloue au lit ! Une courte histoire pour découvrir l'atmosphère, l'humour et les personnages hauts en couleur de Simenon, un des maîtres du roman policier.
 id : 237663 ISBN : 0425164535  | name : Granger's Claim  |  description : Montana Territory, 1880s. Colt Granger leads a vigilante committee on a mission to clean up the riff-raff that murdered his young ward, Nickolas. He takes Nickolas's younger sister away to a different town, and it seems they've staked out a little piece of heaven for a new life together under the Montana sky. But the men who murdered Nickolas have their own vendetta for Colt.
 id : 237664 ISBN : 2290314587  | name : Adèle et la Bête  |  description : Né, en 1946, Jacques Tardi débute en 1969 par diverses collaborations et de nombreuses histoires courtes. Il commence à publier le premier épisode de la série Les Aventures Extraordinaires d'Adèle Blanc-Sec dans le journal Sud-Ouest en 1976. Tout en revenant régulièrement à ce personnage, il partage ensuite sa carrière entre des collaborations et adaptations avec des auteurs fameux (Manchette, Léo Malet, Daeninckx, Pennac... ) et la réalisation ponctuelle d'albums uniques (Le Démon des glaces, Ici même, Tueur de cafards... ). Il n'a de cesse à travers ses ouvrages de s'interroger sur la violence et la guerre, son thème de prédilection ; à ce titre, d'aucuns considèrent C'était la guerre des tranchées comme son chef-d'œuvre. Figure emblématique de la bande dessinée moderne, Tardi a été couronné du Grand Prix de la ville d'Angoulême en 1985.
 id : 237667 ISBN : 0609807552  | name : The Lying Stones of Marrakech  |  description : Essays cover a wide range of topics, including the nature of fossils, evolution, and biodiversity.
 id : 237668 ISBN : 2702410049  | name : Dix petits nègres  |  description : L'île du Nègre...que de bruits courent sur son nouveau propriétaire...richissime Yankee, star hollywoodienne, ou bien encore l'amirauté britannique ? Bref, quand tous les dix - du juge au play-boy, sans oublier la secrétaire - reçoivent cette invitation à passer des vacances sur l'île, aucun d'eux n'hésite à accourir... Mais là-bas, dans la somptueuse demeure, personne...sauf, bien entendu, cette voix, sur un disque, qui accuse tour à tour chacun des participants...c'est la panique. Alors, au rythme des couplets de la ronde des Dix Petits Nègres, le nombre des invités commence à diminuer. Inexorablement...
 id : 237671 ISBN : 229003567X  | name : Frankenstein ou le promethée  |  description : Victor Frankenstein ! C'est l'inventeur, le savant maudit ! A quinze ans, il est témoin d'un violent orage : foudre, traînée de feu, destruction d'un chêne... Son destin est tracé. Après des années de labeur, il apprend à maîtriser les éléments ; l'alchimie est pour lui une seconde nature. Bientôt il détient le pouvoir de conférer la vie à la matière inerte. Nuit terrible qui voit la naissance de l'horrible créature faite d'un assemblage de cadavres ! L'œuvre de Frankenstein. Un monstre ! Repoussant, inachevé mais doté, d'une force surhumaine et conscient de sa solitude. Echappé des ténèbres, il va, dans sa détresse semer autour de lui crimes et désolation. D'esclave qu'il aurait dû être, il devient alors le maître, harcelant son créateur. Il lui faut une compagne semblable à lui... Pour Frankenstein, l'enfer est à venir...
 id : 237672 ISBN : 0312909721  | name : Juggernaut  |  description : Neil Mannix, an American troubleshooter for British Electric, is assigned to escort a 300-ton transformer through the African nation of Nyala, but an unexpected civil war threatens to wreck the mission
 id : 237673 ISBN : 0345366484  | name : My Teacher Is Driving Me Crazy  |  description : A high school student's guide to understanding teachers helps young people comprehend their teachers' actions, cope with problem teachers, and bring out the positive aspects of all teachers.
 id : 237674 ISBN : 0312055064  | name : Say it with Poison  |  description : The murder of a bride's ex-lover on the eve of her wedding puts her diplomat aunt, Meredith Mitchell, and acerbic Chief Inspector Alan Markby on the trail of a killer who may be the bride herself, her movie-star mother, or one of many other suspects
 id : 237676 ISBN : 2290334685  | name : L' Avare  |  description : Ah ! l'odieux vieillard ! Donner est un mot pour qui il a tant d'aversion qu'il ne dit jamais : "Je vous donne", mais : "Je vous prête le bonjour". Avare jusqu'au ridicule puisqu'il fait même comparaître en justice le chat d'un de ses voisins pour lui avoir mangé le reste d'un gigot ! Avare jusqu'au sordide aussi. Ne cherche-t-il pas à prêter à un taux usuraire l'argent qu'il refuse à son fils ? N'est-il pas prêt à vendre sa fille à qui offre de la prendre sans dot ? Quant à sa prétendue attirance pour Mariane, elle ne résiste pas à sa fascination pour l'or. Mais à chacun son trésor !
 id : 237677 ISBN : 0060007206  | name : A Series of Unfortunate Events: Lemony Snicket  |  description : The elusive author provides a glimpse into his mysterious and sometimes confusing life, using fanciful letters, diary entries, and other miscellaneous documents as well as photographs and illustrations.
 id : 237679 ISBN : 2290314838  | name : Le lièvre et la tortue  |  description : La fable est racontée et illustrée, complètée par des puzzles et coloriages.
 id : 237680 ISBN : 2277302767  | name : Le pays où l'on n'arrive jamais  |  description : Gaspard, fils de forains, est élevé par sa tante qui désire lui éviter la vie désordonnée des nomades. Mais un sort malicieux suscite sans cesse autour de ce garçon des aventures bizarres... Par hasard, il rencontre un enfant fugitif qui a décidé de retrouver " maman Jenny " et le pays de son enfance. Et Gaspard, malgré lui, se trouve entraîné par une suite de péripéties merveilleuses, à suivre ce nouveau camarade. Grâce à leur étrange compagnon, un cheval aux intuitions fulgurantes, la ténacité des enfants est enfin récompensée : sur une fête foraine, leur apparaît soudain la boutique de " maman Jenny "... Les rêves de l'enfance ont rejoint la réalité et vaincu les préjugés d'un monde qui n'était pas le leur...
 id : 237681 ISBN : 0689501781  | name : Some Lose Their Way  |  description : Newly friends following a long period of enmity, Vanessa and David, both outsiders, work on an environmental study of bird life in The Bottoms.
 id : 237682 ISBN : 229031482X  | name : Cyrano de Bergerac  |  description : " C'est un roc !.... c'est un pic ! c'est un cap ! Que dis-je, c'est un cap ? C'est une péninsule ! " La scène se passe en 1640. Provoqué par un fâcheux, Cyrano se moque. De lui-même et de son nez, objet de sa disgrâce. Séduire Roxane ? Il n'ose y songer. Mais puisqu'elle aime Christian, un cadet de Gascogne qui brille plus par son apparence que par ses reparties, pourquoi ne pas tenter une expérience ? " Je serai ton esprit, tu seras ma beauté, dit Cyrano à son rival. Tu marcheras, j'irai dans l'ombre à ton côté. " Jeu étrange et dangereux. Christian ne s'y trompe pas. À travers lui, la belle en aime en fait un autre... Mais Cyrano, s'il entrevoit le bonheur un instant, ne peut oublier son physique ingrat... Un drame qui tourne au tragique... Et pourtant, quel panache dans cet impossible amour !
 id : 237683 ISBN : 059018752X  | name : Goat in the Garden  |  description : Houdini the goat gets in big trouble, and Mandy and James vow to save him.
 id : 237685 ISBN : 0671676105  | name : Trooper Down  |  description : Describes the training of officers for the North Carolina Highway Patrol, and shares the anecdotes of troopers about the dangers and rewards of their work
 id : 237686 ISBN : 0380756943  | name : A Promise Made  |  description : Driven from her family's Louisiana plantation by treachery, Lisa Parish sets out to conquer the untamed plains of Texas and finds herself torn by desire for two dangerous men
 id : 237687 ISBN : 0078822777  | name : Fundamental Photoshop  |  description : Adobe Photoshop is the world's bestselling image editing program. In this guide, the authors use step-by-step procedures to illustrate basic intermediate and advanced tasks, teaching in clear, easy-to-grasp language about color theory, color separation, in-depth printing and prepress concepts, hardware, digitizing images, editing, file formats, and more.
 id : 237689 ISBN : 0201353687  | name : Flash 3!  |  description : Macromedia Flash is a multimedia authoring programme that allows the user to create animated graphics for the Web. Typical uses include animated logos, banners, illustrations, and buttons that add impact and interactivity to Web pages. This text is a user guide to Flash 3.
 id : 237690 ISBN : 0373704615  | name : Cheek to Cheek  |  description : Cheek To Cheek by Lynn Patrick released on May 24, 1991 is available now for purchase.
 id : 237691 ISBN : 2266122258  | name : Le vent des Khazars  |  description : Au moment où Charlemagne se fait couronner empereur d'Occident, où l'Empire chrétien de Byzance étend ses conquêtes jusqu'à la Russie, où le grand khalife de Bagdad propage la foi en Allah..., quelque part entre les monts du Caucase et l'embouchure de la Volga, un royaume se convertit au judaïsme : c'est le début de l'extraordinaire aventure des Khazars.. . Mille ans plus tard, l'écrivain Marc Sofer se lance à la découverte de cette fascinante énigme que sont les Khazars. Pourquoi ces guerriers de la steppe ont-ils décidé d'être juifs ? Et pourquoi, après trois cents ans de puissance et de prospérité, ont-ils été littéralement " effacés " de l'Histoire ? Son enquête le mène à Bakou, capitale pétrolière de la mer Caspienne, et le précipite au cœur d'une très contemporaine intrigue politique et criminelle...
 id : 237692 ISBN : 0446359084  | name : Nothing Venture  |  description : A British mystery classic from the renowned author of the beloved Miss Silver series. Due to his uncle's diabolical will, Jervis must marry within three months of his uncle's death, or the huge estate and vast fortune will go to his fiance, Rosamund. When Rosamund dumps him just two days before the wedding, Jervis must scramble to find someone else.
 id : 237693 ISBN : 085345745X  | name : Babouk  |  description : Loosely based on the Haitian slave insurrection of 1791, Babouk is a biting account of colonialism at its peak. By using the imagination of the novelist to fill in the gaps in the historical record, Endore is able to show us how slavery felt to the slaves who experienced it. His novel is rare for its depiction of the shared history of the slaves and its attention to the variety of the slave experience. It provides the reader with a vivid history of Haiti and a compelling account of slavery and rebellion.
 id : 237694 ISBN : 0553233750  | name : The Sweet Dreams Beautiful Hair Book  |  description : Recommends hair care methods, discusses the choice of hair style, and explains the proper use of blowdryers, shampoo, brushes, rollers, and curling wands.
 id : 237695 ISBN : 0679449701  | name : Dr. Susan Love's Hormone Book  |  description : Helps the reader sort through the confusing media reports, complex and contradictory scientific evidence, medical bias regarding hormone therapy.
 id : 237698 ISBN : 2761912764  | name : Parle-moi... j'ai des choses à te dire  |  description : "Comme des étrangers qui n'ont rien à se dire ... ", chantait Charles Aznavour.. Malgré la tendresse, malgré l'affection et l'espérance, deux êtres qui ont fait un bout de chemin ensemble se retrouvent un jour face à face, incapables de communiquer, d'ouvrir leur cœur, de dévoiler leurs pensées, de se rendre accessibles. Pourquoi et comment en sont-ils arrivés là ? Est-il possible d'améliorer leur relation ? Jacques Salomé, qui anime depuis 20 ans des sessions de formation aux relations humaines, s'est interrogé sur la désintégration des couples. Dans son livre, il identifie quelques modalités, quelques processus qui, dans leur ponctualité, n'ont rien de grave ou de dramatique mais qui, répétés et amplifiés, ajoutés les uns aux autres vont constituer, au long des jours, une source renouvelée de pollutions relationnelles et faire obstacle à la communication entre deux partenaires. Mais il ne se borne pas à expliquer l'échec. Il ranime l'espoir en réfléchissant sur des alternatives ouvertes pour développer l'intimité, la conscience et la spontanéité, et créer un espace de négociation afin d'aller plus loin ensemble. Même alors que tout semble s'écrouler, rien n'est jamais tout à fait perdu, soutient-il. "La vie peut être merveilleuse... même si la réalité ne l'est pas." Liv Ulmann
 id : 237699 ISBN : 037325573X  | name : Body Heat  |  description : Body Heat by Elise Title released on Nov 24, 1993 is available now for purchase.
 id : 237701 ISBN : 0833531980  | name : Gates of Paradise  |  description : For use in schools and libraries only. Her parents killed in a car crash and herself crippled, Annie Casteel Stonewall finds herself a virtual prisoner in Farthinggale Manor, frustrated in her quest for answers about her past.
 id : 237704 ISBN : 0816732132  | name : Mariah Keeps Cool  |  description : Twelve-year-old Mariah envisions a great summer competing as a diver and planning a surprise party for her sister Lynn but half-sister Denise proves a cloud in Mariah's sunny summer.
 id : 237705 ISBN : 0517707624  | name : Almost Heaven  |  description : One of today's most critically acclaimed authors presents an intellectually dazzling, emotionally incandescent story of memory and the redemptive power of love--a whirlwind love story and a personal love letter to the South. NPR sponsorship.
 id : 237707 ISBN : 157856140X  | name : When the Far Hills Bloom  |  description : The first book in a new historical romance series, this sweeping saga weaves an unforgettable tale of heroism and loyalty, honor and betrayal.
 id : 237710 ISBN : 0515115851  | name : Texas Comebacker  |  description : Color illustration on front cover of two men in front of wood cabin and dead tree; one wears brown fringed clothes holding rifle, other man man wears purple shirt and brown coat, and sits on fence holding rifle.
 id : 237711 ISBN : 0782129137  | name : The Art of Cartooning with Flash  |  description : Face it, funny doesn't come in the Flash box. Alas, there's no "make funny" button. At long last, here's a book with the pure intent of helping you squeeze more entertaining bits out of Flash. If you've ever dreamt of creating your own animated cartoon, this book is a must read. In The Art of Cartooning with Flash, you'll learn how to: * Apply the 12 classic principles of cartooning to Flash * Build bandwidth-stingy digital puppets * Master the walkcycle and other intricate techniques * Craft a strong story and dynamic characters * Storyboard and layout like a pro * Create an animatic to test your ideas * Analyze a cartoon, frame-by-frame Check out the Flash-enabled companion site at www.twinkleland.com/book1.html.
 id : 237712 ISBN : 1551663163  | name : Montana  |  description : When her grandfather asks her to move back home, Molly figures it will be good for her and her two sons to escape the big-city influences that have threatened to tear the small family apart. But warm memories of a sprawling ranch don't quite match the reality: Molly's grandfather is quite ill, the place is rundown and there is a stranger running things. Although Molly can't deny her attraction to the ruggedly handsome Sam Dakota, she can't bring herself to trust him--especially with her grandfather pushing them into marriage.
 id : 237713 ISBN : 0201696975  | name : FreeHand 8 for Windows and Macintosh  |  description : Concentrating on ideology and cultural values, Liberty, Virtue, and Progress explores the motivations that casued Northerners to fight America's Civil War. Arguing for the primary significance of ideals and cultural values in defining a war, the book examines the opinions of both the Northernsoldier and civilian about the meaning of the Civil War in terms of defining American nationalism, the character of the American people, and the future of free government. The book addresses the intellectual and social elites of Northern society, but gives a new emphasis to the opinions of thecommon man on the subject and ideology of the war. In addition to identifying and discussing the ideas and cultural values that played a role in motivation, Hess looks at how the experience of war (battlefield death and suffering) interacted with that ideology. Contrary to the commonly held belief that war is disruptive to pre-war ideals, Hessargues that Northern soldiers and civilians made a conscious effort to use ideology as a tool with which to retain their faith in ideas. Liberty, Virtue, and Progress is based on extensive research in both published and unpublished sources.
 id : 237715 ISBN : 0892390719  | name : Judge Rabbit and the Tree Spirit  |  description : In this well-known Cambodian tale, Judge Rabbit solves the problem of a mischievous tree spirit that has taken on human form.
 id : 237716 ISBN : 0803711352  | name : The Samurai's Daughter  |  description : A Japanese folk tale about the brave daughter of a samurai warrior and her journey to be reunited with her exiled father.
 id : 237720 ISBN : 0821728210  | name : After House/The  |  description : Young Ralph Leslie, the steward aboard a millionaire's yacht, thought his job was smooth sailing--until his dream voyage turned into a nightmare of blood and terror. Only one hand on board seemed strong enough to stop the killer . . . but to do that he had to stay alive!
 id : 237721 ISBN : 0821726277  | name : The Bat  |  description : Short excerpt: Gunmen, thugs, hi-jackers, loft-robbers, murderers, they could get them all in time?but they could not get the man he wanted.
 id : 237723 ISBN : 0786865032  | name : The Workshop  |  description : The definitive collection of the short fiction and essays by writers from the Iowa Writer's Workshop, one of America's most prestigious writing programs.
 id : 237725 ISBN : 155832061X  | name : Smoke & Spice  |  description : "Cooking with smoke, the real way to barbecue, on your charcoal grill, water smoker, or wood-burning pit"--Cover.
 id : 237726 ISBN : 0028636619  | name : The Complete Idiot's Guide to Wine  |  description : Offers advice on choosing, serving, and storing wine; describes wines from different regions and countries; and suggests ways to evaluate and discuss fine wines.
 id : 237727 ISBN : 0446360392  | name : Mr. Zero  |  description : When Gay Harkwicke and her fiance+a7, Algy, investigate the mysterious Mr. Zero, who is blackmailing Gay's cousin, Algy ends up becoming the prime suspect in a messy murder, and Gay must find the true culprit. Reissue.
 id : 237728 ISBN : 076790673X  | name : Barbecues 101  |  description : He's taken the fear out of holiday entertaining and Thanksgiving dinner preparation, and now Rick Rodgers makes grilling easier and more enjoyable than ever. Drawn from his sold-out coast-to-coast classes,Barbecues 101features the hands-on, step-by-step style that has made Rodgers such a popular and award-winning instructor. This totally comprehensive guide is ideal for novice grillers or veterans.Barbecues 101offers an abundance of recipes equally suitable for charcoal and gas grills, as well as tips on how to turn your grill into a smoker. Classic barbecue fare (such as Rubbed and Sauced Beef Ribs) and contemporary grilled dishes (Duck Breast with Orange-Port Sauce) are served up with intriguing appetizers, savory side dishes, and luscious desserts. Recipes for sauces, marinades, rubs, and salsas are given for all types of meats, poultry, fish, and vegetables, and there are even barbecue-ready beverages such as Merlot and Summer Fruit Sangria. Complete menus with timetables make a feed-the-masses family reunion as simple as a quiet patio dinner for four. WithBarbecues 101in hand, fabulous foolproof barbecue is at every home cook's fingertips. Rick Rodgers shows you: *The fastest, safest ways to make a fire *How quick and easy marinating can be *The best method for grilling–not charring–chicken *How to plan step-by-step for festive outdoor gatherings Bring skill to your grill with this complete introductory course from one of America's favorite cooking teachers.
 id : 237730 ISBN : 0151398054  | name : Heart Conditions  |  description : Thirty-three, between relationships and apartments, and pregnant, Alice Hammond endures the criticism of family and friends for her decision to keep the baby, but finds support from her housemate grandmother. 10,000 first printing.
 id : 237732 ISBN : 068931793X  | name : What are We Going to Do about David?  |  description : When his constantly arguing parents decide to go their separate ways for a month, David is sent to spend time with a grandmother he hardly knows, a warm-hearted woman who teaches him the true meaning of family.
 id : 237733 ISBN : 0061010596  | name : MacAllister's Task  |  description : Marine Lieutenant-Colonel MacAllister is placed at the head of a specialist team that has been given instructions to end the war in Bosnia by capturing a senior general and exposing him to the world. Original.
 id : 237734 ISBN : 0840770987  | name : Life's Not Fair, But God is Good  |  description : The famous television minister offers a wealth of inspirational insights, morale boosters, and life-affirming parables to help overcome life's disappointments and tragedies
 id : 237735 ISBN : 0880706104  | name : God Came Near  |  description : Devotional readings on the humanity of Christ.
 id : 237736 ISBN : 0762712015  | name : Europe by Eurail 2002  |  description : Revised for 2001, this guide to rail travel in Europe has the most up-to-date information on fares, schedules, and pass options. New extras include tips on keeping costs down, exchanging currency and 23 detailed station and city maps.
 id : 237739 ISBN : 0380797380  | name : Traitor  |  description : After a terrorist bombing kills people at an aircraft research facility in France, retribution quickly beings. While murder haunts the halls of power in Washington, Lt. Col. John Reynolds struggles to remain an honorable man and a loyal soldier. But his faith in the military and his life are shaken after he ends up on everyone's target list, not knowing why.
 id : 237740 ISBN : 0373484151  | name : Hawk's Way Bachelors  |  description : Hawk's Way Bachelors by Joan Johnston released on Nov 24, 2000 is available now for purchase.
 id : 237741 ISBN : 0877018979  | name : San Francisco Architecture  |  description : From San Francisco's stately Victorian homes to Sonoma's historic Mission, over 600 entries fill this convenient, information-packed gem of a guidebook to notable architectural sites around the Bay Area. Including classic estates, civic buildings, parks, and public artworks and illustrated throughout with hundreds of black-and-white photographs, this comprehensive, one-of-a-kind volume is arranged geographically, featuring one chapter for each of 12 San Francisco neighborhoods. Eight additional chapters cover areas of interest outside the city -- San Jose, Stanford, Berkeley, Oakland, Marin, Sonoma, Napa, and Petaluma -- and include walking tours for each location. An indispensable reference for historians and preservationists, as well as tourists and residents, "San Francisco Architecture "is the definitive guide to some of the world's most distinctive architecture. Visit S.F. Gate to find out what's happening in Bay Area news, entertainment, sports, and more.
 id : 237742 ISBN : 0684850354  | name : Blessings  |  description : There is no place quite like the local beauty salon, and Sheneska Jackson deftly uses this intimate setting as a backdrop for four women and their concerns about men, motherhood, and parenting. Patricia, the owner of Blessings, has come to terms with her infertility only to discover that her attempt to adopt a child brings its own pains and disappointments. Zuma, independent and financially secure, is plagued by regrets about an abortion in her past and, with her biological clock ticking, resolves to become a mother through artificial insemination. Faye, a widow and single mother trying her best to provide for her family, struggles to control a wild daughter on the brink of womanhood. For Sandy, motherhood is an unwelcome burden, and she blatantly mistreats her children -- until a crisis leads her to make a mother's ultimate sacrifice.
 id : 237743 ISBN : 0373898037  | name : Sonora Sundown  |  description : Sonora Sundown by Janet Dailey released on May 23, 1986 is available now for purchase.
 id : 237745 ISBN : 0380732300  | name : Tracks in the Snow  |  description : Erin and Tiffany are caught in a blizzard when they head into the woods to look for Amy, who hasn't shown up to babysit. Reprint.
 id : 237746 ISBN : 0028633083  | name : Frommer's Great Outdoor Guide to Northern California  |  description : If you like to spend your free time outside, this four-season guide will get you there—whether you want an easy day hike, a hair-raising whitewater run, a High Sierra cross-country ski trail, or a secret hot spring. It has all the information you need to enjoy Northern California's finest country. Everything You Need to Enjoy the Outdoors: Evocative descriptions of hundreds of outings—with estimated times, difficulty ratings, and detailed directions The best outfitters, from major adventure-tour operators to local backcountry guides Where to find gear, services, and topo maps How to make the most of Northern California's natural areas and public lands Where to pitch your tent, from car-accessible campsites to back-country spots—plus wilderness lodges, B&Bs, and inns Detailed regional maps that direct you to the trailheads Find us online at www.frommers.com
 id : 237747 ISBN : 0553266039  | name : Cannery Row  |  description : Unburdened by the material necessities of the more fortunate, the denizens of Cannery Row discover rewards unknown in more traditional society. Henry the painter sorts through junk lots for pieces of wood to incorporate into the boat he is building, while the girls from Dora Flood's bordello venture out now and then to enjoy a bit of sunshine. Lee Chong stocks his grocery with almost anything a man could want, and Doc, a young marine biologist who ministers to sick puppies and unhappy souls, unexpectedly finds true love. Cannery Row is just a few blocks long, but the story it harbors is suffused with warmth, understanding, and a great fund of human values. First published in 1945, Cannery Row focuses on the acceptance of life as it is-both the exuberance of community and the loneliness of the individual. John Steinbeck draws on his memories of the real inhabitants of Monterey, California, and interweaves their stories in this world where only the fittest survive-creating what is at once one of his most humorous and poignant works. In Cannery Row, John Steinbeck returns to the setting of Tortilla Flat to create another evocative portrait of life as it is lived by those who unabashedly put the highest value on the intangibles-human warmth, camaraderie, and love.
 id : 237748 ISBN : 0312170513  | name : Trials of Friendship  |  description : Dreading her yearly luncheon with her accomplished college friends who seem to have stunning romances and powerful careers, Polly, with her failing marriage, discovers the lives of her friends are in equal states of turmoil and change.
 id : 237749 ISBN : 1555610072  | name : Mexican Microwave Cookery  |  description : The author's intent with this book is to bring to the cook a way to prepare that special Mexican dish in only one-third the time it would traditionally take, thus saving time, energy & effort without sacrificing nutrition, appearance or flavorr. These Mexican recipes, are written specifically for microwave cooking.
 id : 237750 ISBN : 0312119976  | name : On Gold Mountain  |  description : In the tradition of Haley's Roots this book tells the story of a Chinese family and their journey to America.
 id : 237751 ISBN : 0440217237  | name : The Blue Wall  |  description : For Detective Dave Moser, the price of being a cop is getting higher every hour. On a heat-soaked island of violence called Manhattan, a few good cops have gone very bad. Internal Affairs wants Moser to rat. And someone inside the force wants him taken out. In Moser s world, men will do anything to protect their turf.
 id : 237754 ISBN : 0006617999  | name : Mog and the Baby  |  description : SUMMARY: Mog is a happy cat until Mrs Clutterbuck's baby comes to visit. Although Mog decides that she detests this baby, she saves its life, and earns herself a huge reward.
 id : 237757 ISBN : 0786500115  | name : Family Reunion  |  description : Bitter after his life is shattered by an accident, Chad, a young lawyer, returns to his family home in Virginia, where he encounters an old friend, Jennifer, who offers him hope for the future
 id : 237758 ISBN : 0859533239  | name : Scaredy Cats  |  description : When Mother Cat sends her two youngest kittens to do an errand in town, their imaginations run wild with scary possibilities.
 id : 237760 ISBN : 0863277624  | name : Ordinary Decent Criminal  |  description : The king of the Irish criminal underworld, Michael Lynch, suave, sardonic and sexy, dreams up audacious robberies and carries them through with a hallmarked panache and flair. Detective Sergeant Noel Quigley is a cop with a mission, who is determined that Lynch will be caught and stopped.
 id : 237761 ISBN : 8432205842  | name : La lluvia amarilla  |  description : En el pueblo de Ainiellle ya solo quedan Andres y Sabina. Poco a poco el matrimonio se ha visto obligado a contemplar como los demas habitantes, espoleados por la miseria o por la promesa de un mundo mejor, han abandonado gradualmente las duras condiciones de vida. Una noche Andres descubre a Sabina ahorcada en el molino. Ahora ya no queda nadie que pueda acompanarle a sobrellevar el peso insoportable del pasado. -- Amazon.com.
 id : 237765 ISBN : 0312927177  | name : Triphammer  |  description : Triphammer, a hardened small-city cop with a tendency toward violence and the bottle, finds a new lease on life when he meets Sydney, a beautiful and sophisticated professor at the local college. Reprint.
 id : 237766 ISBN : 0515082252  | name : Death Match  |  description : Tough ex-Marine Mac McGregor is the only hope of 216 innocent people, held hostage by a bloodthirsty group of terrorists, who have wired their prisoners together into a human bomb, at a luxurious Hawaiian resort
 id : 237768 ISBN : 0061093386  | name : Deal on Ice  |  description : Contractor-sleuth John Deal is the last of his kind--a builder who appreciates his craft. His friend Arch Dolan was the last of his kind, too, a Miami bookseller who sold books because he loved them. Now someone has killed him for it. And he's only the first body to fall. In quick succession the CEO of a huge bookstore chain and a local lawyer meet violent ends ...and Deal begins finding connections. But it's not as easy for Deal as it used to be. His estranged wife, Janice, is still emotionally scarred from his last adventure. Janice was close to Arch, though, and she's as eager to find his killer as her husband. Working together, they discover that Arch's sister Sara, lately employed by a charismatic Christian revivalist, has disappeared. With the clues pointing north, Deal and Janice set off to find out more--before they're both chilled out for good.
 id : 237769 ISBN : 0935100040  | name : Animal Fables of India  |  description : In order to educate the royal princes, a scholar presents a collection of animal fables set in India.
 id : 237770 ISBN : 067179843X  | name : Tet  |  description : The children in Ms. Kim's class put on their own celebration of Tet, the Vietnamese New Year, for Huy Ly and his father, recent immigrants from Vietnam.
 id : 237771 ISBN : 0896722546  | name : Watermelons, Walnuts, and the Wisdom of Allah, and Other Tales of the Hoca  |  description : A collection of tales about the folk hero Nasreddin Hoca, as he appears in the legends of Turkey.
 id : 237772 ISBN : 0887390161  | name : The Magic Listening Cap  |  description : Japanese folktales retold with charm & simplicity.
 id : 237773 ISBN : 0916870855  | name : Journey to Topaz  |  description : Like any 11-year-old, Yuki Sakane is looking forward to Christmas when her peaceful world is suddenly shattered by the bombing of Pearl Harbor. Uprooted from her home and shipped with thousands of West Coast Japanese Americans to a desert concentration camp called Topaz, Yuki and her family face new hardships daily.
 id : 237777 ISBN : 0446606200  | name : Behold the Fire  |  description : Thriller surrounding a POW/MIA emerging from Southeast Asia.
 id : 237778 ISBN : 3822818283  | name : Photo Icons  |  description : This book presents 20 photographs from some 170 years, all arranged in chronological order. It is a key image from the history of the medium - images that have pushed photography forward in terms of either its technology, aesthetics or social relevance.
 id : 237785 ISBN : 0020896913  | name : The Battling Prophet  |  description : Detective-Inspector Napoleon Bonaparte investigates the death of a weather forecaster, whom a local doctor has certified died because of a three-day drinking binge
 id : 237786 ISBN : 8401462215  | name : Chacal  |  description : It is a time of political unrest in Great Britain. And behind the Iron Curtain an insidious plot is being hatched to create an "accident" that could change British politics forever and trigger a collapse of the Western alliance.
 id : 237787 ISBN : 0750921099  | name : The Life and Times of Horatio Hornblower  |  description : A fictional biography chronicling the rise of Horatio Hornblower from a midshipman in 1794 to a revered admiral of the fleet in 1847. Northcote Parkinson has evoked life at sea in a British man o'war with the detail paid to the minutiae of naval life during the Napoleonic period. Originally published in 1970 by PENGUIN.
 id : 237789 ISBN : 0915811421  | name : The Wizdom Within  |  description : A simple yet powerful new method to tap inner wisdom and make life changes, from the author of The Healing Mind. The book presents a life-guidance system that combines leading-edge science, ancient wisdom, Jungian psychology, and visualization techniques to allow the reader to become self-sufficient.
 id : 237791 ISBN : 0446670693  | name : Definition  |  description : A 15-minutes-a-day fitness programme, including a low-fat eating plan, that aims to achieve a tight, symmetrical and aesthetically beautiful body. The only equipment needed are a set of light weights and a bench or step.
 id : 237795 ISBN : 1565926811  | name : PHP Cookbook  |  description : A collection of problems, solutions, and practical examples for PHP programmers. The book contains a unique and extensive collection of best practices for everyday PHP programming dilemmas. For every problem addressed in the book, there's a worked-out solution or "recipe" -- a short, focused piece of code you can insert directly into your application. However, this book offers more than cut-and-paste code. You also get explanations of how and why the code works, so you can learn to adapt the problem-solving techniques to similar situations. The recipes in the PHP Cookbook range from simple tasks, such as sending a database query and fetching URLs, to entire programs that demonstrate complex tasks, such as printing HTML tables and generating bar charts. This book contains an impressive collection of useful code for PHP programmers, from novices to advanced practitioners. Instead of poking around mailing lists, online documentation, and other sources, you can rely on the PHP Cookbook to provide quick solutions to common problems, so you can spend your time on those out-of-the-ordinary problems specific to your application.
 id : 237796 ISBN : 0596004028  | name : PHP Pocket Reference  |  description : Simple, to the point, and compact--in fact, exactly what you've come to expect in an O'Reilly Pocket Reference--the second edition of PHP Pocket Reference is thoroughly updated to include the specifics of PHP 4.Written by the founder of the PHP Project, Rasmus Lerdorf, PHP Pocket Reference is both a handy introduction to PHP syntax and structure, and a quick reference to the vast array of functions provided by PHP. The quick reference section organizes all the core functions of PHP alphabetically so you can find what you need easily; the slim size means you can keep it handy beside your keyboard for those times when you want to look up a function quickly without closing what you're doing.This valuable little book provides an authoritative overview of PHP packed into a pocket-sized guide that's easy to take anywhere. It is also the ideal companion for O'Reilly's comprehensive book on PHP, Programming PHP.The PHP Pocket Reference an indispensable (and inexpensive) tool for any serious PHP coder.
 id : 237798 ISBN : 0802788297  | name : Tulsa Burning  |  description : In 1921, fifteen-year-old Noble Chase hates the sheriff of Wekiwa, Oklahoma, and is more than willing to cross him to help his best friend, a black man, who is injured during race riots in nearby Tulsa.
 id : 237799 ISBN : 0849909317  | name : Our Journey Home  |  description : When even Hollywood starts valuing family over careers, you know a movement is afoot. According to author and family advocate Gary Bauer, "After decades of living for the moment, we are beginning to rededicate ourselves to family and faith. Many of us are on a homeward journey to regain the self-discipline and idealism that once built strong families and a strong nation."
 id : 237800 ISBN : 1884133223  | name : 1001 Really Cool Web Sites  |  description : Now users have a passport to the Web's coolest sites, including live video cameras, remote sensors that you real-time traffic flows, weather reports, ocean tide information, and more sites using Hot Java animation. Supporting Windows 95, Windows 3.1, and the Mac, this book/CD-ROM package is VRML-based, with 3-D graphics, and 5-D stereograms. Free connect time with Internet providers and online services.
 id : 237801 ISBN : 0878579516  | name : Rodale's Chemical-free Yard & Garden  |  description : "This is a well-done book-complete, straightforward.... This book's clearly written information makes it a new treasure."-Judy Rose, Dallas Morning News "Rodale's Chemical-Free Yard & Garden is the definitive guidebook for home gardeners who want to go organic."-Barbara R. Newton, Publisher of Organic Gardening Magazine
 id : 237802 ISBN : 0848722019  | name : Low-fat Ways to Cook Pasta  |  description : These great-tasting pasta recipes have been kitchen tested and meet the American Heart Association requirements of 30 percent or less calories from fat. This spiral cookbook includes recipes for homemade pasta, step-by-step cooking instructions, and color photos of the different varieties of pasta. Lays flat for easy use.
 id : 237803 ISBN : 039951564X  | name : A Christmas Companion  |  description : Describes Christmas customs in Britain, France, Germany, Austria, Greece, Italy, Eastern Europe, Scandinavia, Spain, and North America
 id : 237804 ISBN : 0743232801  | name : When Our Grown Kids Disappoint Us  |  description : Offers advice on how to stop taking on the responsibility of caring for and fixing a grown child's problems while addressing feelings of guilt and frustration.
 id : 237805 ISBN : 0060977558  | name : A Soldier's Daughter Never Cries  |  description : The inspiration for a new Merchant-Ivory film scheduled to open in September--starring Kris Kristofferson and Barbara Hershey--this distinctive and poignant novel, written by the daughter of James Jones, chronicles the moving tale of the growth of a family.
 id : 237806 ISBN : 0696019744  | name : Better Homes and Gardens New Dieter's Cook Book  |  description : -- More than 420 delicious, low-calorie recipes from meat, fish, and poultry main dishes to salads, vegetables, breads, and desserts.-- Recipes specify fat, cholesterol, and sodium content plus nutrition information.
 id : 237813 ISBN : 0898159539  | name : Breadtime  |  description : Susan Jane Cheney, formerly a baker at the renowned Moosewood Restaurant, has added a basketful of new recipes (as well as instructions for using the now virtually indispensable bread machines) to this totally redesigned new edition of the beloved 1991 classic, "Breadtime Stories". This cookbook is a delight for health-conscious bakers everywhere.
 id : 237814 ISBN : 0824981065  | name : Here Comes Peter Cottontail  |  description : In this new board book, open the cover and hear the popular Easter song, Here Comes Peter Cottontail! while reading the words of the book and the song.
 id : 237815 ISBN : 0895944030  | name : Sauces for Pasta!  |  description : There are pasta sauces to please everyone in this collection of classics and originals that recreate the best of those fantastic Italian restaurants. Adventuresome cooks will be tempted by a chapter of brightly flavored new sauces that are as nutritious as they are easy to make.
 id : 237817 ISBN : 0590430114  | name : Living with Dad  |  description : Living with their grandparents since their mother died, Robin and her brother must move in with their father when he returns from South America, and they must finally get to know this stranger in their lives.
 id : 237818 ISBN : 1568840012  | name : Modems for Dummies  |  description : Beginning to intermediate users. Shows DOS, Windows and Macintosh users how to choose, install and use modems and modem software.
 id : 237819 ISBN : 0140344780  | name : Cam Jansen and the Mystery at the Haunted House  |  description : Cam and her friend Eric chase the thief of Aunt Katie's wallet through an amusement park and find themselves involved in another case requiring their special detective skills.
 id : 237821 ISBN : 1580081096  | name : College Degrees by Mail and Internet 2000  |  description : Lists contacts and fields of study.
 id : 237823 ISBN : 0963662015  | name : Where Miracles Happen  |  description : Presents a collection of real-life experiences of ordinary people whose lives have been touched and changed by God, from miraculous healings to angel encounters to mysterious messages from loved ones
 id : 237825 ISBN : 0448405725  | name : Water  |  description : Introduces water and explains the necessary role it plays in life on the Earth
 id : 237826 ISBN : 0679852964  | name : Beauty and the Beast  |  description : The ever-popular tale of a beautiful and loyal young woman's love for a cursed prince is retold for beginning readers.
 id : 237830 ISBN : 0761520147  | name : Homeschooling Almanac, 2000-2001  |  description : "How to start, where to go, who to call, the best web sites, catalogs, support groups, homeschooling conferences, current state laws, complete reference guide to educational supplies"--Cover.
 id : 237832 ISBN : 0801053714  | name : Stories to Tell in Children's Church  |  description : Short stories which emphasize small, everyday problems and their solutions through faith and following in God's words.
 id : 237834 ISBN : 1570714347  | name : 10,000 Ways to Say I Love You  |  description : A clever and practical resource and an ultimate collection of fun, unique andoutrageous ways of expressing love.
 id : 237836 ISBN : 1570510040  | name : Just for You  |  description : In a larger format than the Little Ribbons of Love, this series of Ribbons of Love is also beautifully embossed and decorated with hand-tied satin ribbons. Inside there's more space for a combination of sensitive artistic design, rapturous colors, and inspirational text. They make very special gifts. And now two new editions are perhaps even more beautiful than before -- A Celebration of Sisters and Mother: Another Word for Love.
 id : 237838 ISBN : 0312167768  | name : The Art of Dying  |  description : The only book written for the dying person, this life-enhancing guide helps one resolve the physical, emotional, and spiritual concerns unique to this "end time". Includes a Foreword by Bernie Siegel, M.D. "Speaks to modern readers with refreshing frankness and wit". "Publishers Weekly".
 id : 237839 ISBN : 1559450460  | name : Have-a-Blast Games for Youth Groups  |  description : Here's fun to spare! These 101 games will delight your kids, & you'll love them too! That's because in addition to being fun, they're easy to plan & even easier to play!
 id : 237840 ISBN : 0440504236  | name : Pediatrician's Best Baby Planner  |  description : Developed by two renowned pediatricians, this calendar/planner--which doubles as a baby-care guide--is the perfect gift for new parents. The only product of its kind on the market, it features a split-page format allowing parents to match the first month of the baby-care guide to the calendar month of their baby's birth. Two-color illustrations.
 id : 237841 ISBN : 0882700839  | name : How to Live Like a King's Kid  |  description : King's Kids live in the natural world, but they enjoy heavenly rule. Best selling author, Harold Hill, shares the updated ''How to Book of the Century''. Learn how to succeed, how to stop smoking, how to be happy in traffic, how to sidestep lawsuits and h
 id : 237842 ISBN : 1887655786  | name : Friends are Forever  |  description : Friends are among our most treasured possessions. But unlike a bank account or a stock certificate, the value of a true friendship is beyond measure. This book celebrates the joys of building and preserving your personal estate of lifelong friends. On these pages are friendly advice from a collection of experts on laughter, loyalty, sharing, and trust. There is the reminder to aid an ally, to back a backer, or console a comrade. In the pages of this book may be found the inspiration to pick up the telephone and reconnect with a long lost pal. Those providing this inspiration include Emily Dickinson, Maya Angelo, Bennett Cerf, Oliver Wendell Holmes, Henry Wadsworth Longfellow and numerous other "friends."
 id : 237843 ISBN : 0894713337  | name : A Mother's Journal  |  description : Printed on deluxe recycled parchment paper, the bestselling Running Press journals are enhanced by lovely two-color illustrations. Nearly all journals are highlighted by thoughtful, provocative, often witty quotes. Ample space is provided in each, allowing the writer to record personal reflections and practical notes on special themes.
 id : 237844 ISBN : 0669131369  | name : Educating the Infant and Toddler  |  description : The first few years of a child's life are now regarded as some of the most critical in the human life span. This important book recognizes the essential role that parents play in their children's development as teachers, focusing on the widely acclaimed national "Parents as Teachers" project and the discoveries on which it was based.
 id : 237845 ISBN : 0517566141  | name : The Smithsonian Book of Flight  |  description : Chronicles the rapid evolution of aviation technology and focuses on the meaning of flight for the human spirit.
 id : 237849 ISBN : 0899520871  | name : The Unselfishness of God  |  description : The Unselfishness of God is fascinating because Mrs. Smith was 70 years old when the book was completed, and it gives us a detailed retrospective of her fruitful life. But not always fruitful, she would quickly qualify. For her first 26 years, this Quaker-born Philadelphian tells us that up until then she had strong misgivings about His power and love.
 id : 237850 ISBN : 0848722256  | name : All-time Favorite Soup & Stew Recipes  |  description : Over 75 full-color photos grace the pages of this cookbook that contains the best soup and stew recipes from the kitchens of Southern Living. Cooking tips and techniques, serving suggestions, and information on storage and freezing are included. Over 200 recipes range from savory vegetable soups and gumbos to delightful fruit creams and purees that will lure families to the dinner table.
 id : 237853 ISBN : 0735605726  | name : Step Up to Networking  |  description : Introduces you to the concepts and basics all IT professionals need to learn. They need to haave a basic understanding of Networking.
 id : 237854 ISBN : 0786012692  | name : Too Young to Die  |  description : Based on true stores that have aired on Court TV's original series "Crime Stories", three of today's most sensational murder cases where the victims were children and teens, are profiled. of photos.
 id : 237855 ISBN : 0425164543  | name : Together Again  |  description : From the files of International Locator, Inc., three unforgettable true stories of birth parents and adopted children brought together.
 id : 237856 ISBN : 0688112250  | name : The Nightingale Gallery  |  description : Brother Athelstan, a young medieval Dominican monk who moonlights as a clerk to the coroner, assists in murder investigations and comes to understand how dark and villainous the human heart can be.
 id : 237858 ISBN : 0892966955  | name : Murder Me Now  |  description : When a young nanny, employed by a friend, is found murdered, poet-turned-sleuth Olivia Brown, aided by private detective Harry Melville, embarks on an adventure-filled quest through Prohibition-era Greenwich Village to uncover the truth about the killing. By the author of Free Love. 20,000 first printing.
 id : 237859 ISBN : 0151904995  | name : To Know a Woman  |  description : "A Helen and Kurt Wolff Book" Translation of La-da'at ishah.
 id : 237862 ISBN : 0312326068  | name : The Gift of Jazzy  |  description : A "New York Times" bestseller and an "Entertainment Weekly" "Winner of the Week." After "New York Post" columnist Cindy Adams lost her husband, finding a new companion was the last thing on her mind. But one day, a visitor brought just that, in the form Cindy least expected: a dog named Jazzy.
 id : 237865 ISBN : 8429434321  | name : Soñar un crimen  |  description : While vacationing in Marbella, Carlos sees a woman, who he can't forget. The more he finds out about her, the more he is certain that she's in danger.
 id : 237866 ISBN : 0028642635  | name : The Complete Idiot's Guide to Managing Your Time  |  description : No Marketing Blurb
 id : 237867 ISBN : 1586482475  | name : Idiot Proof  |  description : In 1979 two events occurred that would shape the next twenty-five years. In America and Britain, an era of weary consensus was displaced by the arrival of a political marriage of fiery idealists: Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher transformed politics with a combination of breezy charm and assertive "Victorian values." In Iran, the fundamentalist cleric Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini set out to restore a regime that had last existed almost 1,300 years ago. Between them they succeeded in bringing the twentieth century to a premature close. By 1989, Francis Fukuyama was declaring that we had now reached the End of History. What colonized the space recently vacated by notions of history, progress and reason? Cults, quackery, gurus, irrational panics, moral confusion and an epidemic of idiocy, the proof of which was to be found in every state, every work-place, and every library. In Idiot Proof , columnist Francis Wheen brilliantly evokes the key personalities of the post-political era—including Princess Diana and Deepak Chopra, Osama bin Laden and Nancy Reagan's astrologer—while lamenting the extraordinary rise in superstition, relativism and emotional hysteria over the past quarter of a century. In turn comic, indignant, outraged and just plain baffled by the idiocy of it all, Idiot Proof is a masterful depiction of the daftness of our times and a plea that we might just think a little more and believe a little less.
 id : 237869 ISBN : 0674012941  | name : One of Us  |  description : One of Us views conjoined twinning and other "abnormalities" from the point of view of people living with such anatomies, and considers these issues within the larger historical context of anatomical politics. This deeply thought-provoking and compassionate work exposes the extent of the social frame upon which we construct the "normal."
 id : 237870 ISBN : 1400041767  | name : At the Tomb of the Inflatable Pig  |  description : A wildly humorous account of the author's travels across Paraguay–South America's darkly fabled, little-known “island surrounded by land.” Rarely visited by tourists and barely touched by global village sprawl, Paraguay remains a mystery to outsiders. Think of this small nation and your mind is likely to jump to Nazis, dictators, and soccer. Now, John Gimlette’s eye-opening book–equal parts travelogue, history, and unorthodox travel guide–breaches the boundaries of this isolated land,” and illuminates a little-understood place and its people. It is a wonderfully animated telling of Paraguay's story: of cannibals, Jesuits, and sixteenth-century Anabaptists; of Victorian Australian socialists and talented smugglers; of dictators and their mad mistresses; bloody wars and Utopian settlements; and of lives transplanted from Japan, Britain, Poland, Russia, Germany, Ireland, Korea, and the United States. The author travels from the insular cities and towns of the east, along ghostly trails through the countryside, to reach the Gran Chaco of the west: the “green hell” covering almost two-thirds of the country, where 4 percent of the population coexists–more or very-much-less peacefully–with a vast array of exotic wildlife that includes jaguars, prehistoric lungfish, and their more recently evolved distant cousins, the great fighting river fish. Gimlette visits with Mennonites and the indigenas, arms dealers and real-estate tycoons, shopkeepers, government bureaucrats and, of course, Nazis. Filled with bizarre incident, fascinating anecdote, and richly evocative detail, At the Tomb of the Inflatable Pig is a brilliant description of a country of eccentricity and contradiction, of beguilingly individualistic men and women, and of unexpected and extraordinary beauty. It is a vivid, often riotous, always fascinating, journey.
 id : 237871 ISBN : 0764564064  | name : Frommer's Hawaii 2002  |  description : You'll never fall into the tourist traps when you travel with Frommer's. It's like having a friend show you around, taking you to the places locals like best. Our expert authors have already gone everywhere you might go--they've done the legwork for you, and they're not afraid to tell it like it is, saving you time and money. No other series offers candid reviews of so many hotels and restaurants in all price ranges. Every Frommer's Travel Guide is up-to-date, with exact prices for everything, dozens of color maps, and exciting coverage of sports, shopping, and nightlife. You'd be lost without us! Completely updated every year (unlike most of the competition), Frommer's Hawaii features gorgeous color photos of the stunning beaches and thrilling adventures that await you. Meticulously researched by two of Hawaii's most noted journalists, this is hands-down the most reliable, up-to-date, and comprehensive guide to the islands. Each of our candid hotel reviews is based on a detailed personal inspection. You'll find lavish beachfront resorts, intimate rain-forest B&Bs, family-friendly condos, and much, much more. Our dining reviews are simply the best in the business, whether you crave cutting-edge Asian-fusion cuisine or a hearty, affordable plate lunch. Our authors make sure that you'll truly experience the spirit of aloha, and they'll help you steer clear of anything that's overpriced, touristy, or inauthentic. With Frommer's in hand, you'll know where to find secluded beaches; secret spots for snorkeling; the best outfitters to choose for everything from diving to deep-sea fishing; and where to find the top galleries and shops. Inside you'll find extensive coverage of family-friendly accommodations and activities; tips on how to get married in the islands; recommendations for the best honeymoon resorts; and valuable advice on finding the best airfares and package deals. Whether you want to watch the fiery spectacle at the Big Island's volcano, play a challenging round of golf, snorkel with sea turtles, or simply kick back with a mai tai to watch the sunset, you can design the perfect trip with Frommer's Hawaii. You'll even get a free color fold-out map, and an online directory that makes trip-planning a snap!
 id : 237872 ISBN : 0762710497  | name : Hawaii  |  description : For travelers looking to avoid the crowd, this guide will help them discover the unique "must-see" attractions of the Aloha State. Go beyond the usual tourist attractions to discover such hidden treasures as Iliau Nature Trail, Kaneana Cave, or Volcano Arts Center. Illustrations.
 id : 237873 ISBN : 1892514664  | name : Flannery O'Connor  |  description : Flannery O'Connor's reputation has grown enormously since her death in 1964. To commemorate the 75th anniversary of her birth, many of today's most important writers come together to offer original tributes attesting to the importance of O'Connor to their own creative life and work. 16 photos.
 id : 237875 ISBN : 0151660344  | name : Nineteen Eighty-four  |  description : For use in schools and libraries only. The great modern classic of negative utopia portrays life in a future in which a totalitarian government watches over all citizens and directs all activities.
 id : 237876 ISBN : 0060916524  | name : Demian  |  description : The story of a docile young man who is drawn by his schoolmates into a secret and dangerous world of petty crime and revolt against convention.
 id : 237877 ISBN : 068816353X  | name : Difference Between God And Larry Ellison*, The *god Doesn't Think He's Larry E  |  description : A recent Forbes listed Ellison as the fifth richest man in the world, and the second richest active player (behind Gates) in the technology world. Oracle Corporation, of which he is founder and CEO, is the fastest-growing software database company in the world, and the darling of technology investors. If you withdraw cash from an ATM, make an airline reservation, hook up your TV to the Internet, then you're using Oracle. All of this makes Ellison the man investors, techies, and people-in-the-know want to know more about. The ultimate self-made man, Ellison began Oracle with a $1,200 investment and doubled its sales in eleven of its first twelve years. But he's a ruthless businessman who has used misdirection and half-truths to create one of the great high-tech success stories. He is also a daredevil sportsman with a 78-foot yacht, a number of fast jets, and beautiful women on his arm. If Gates is the nerd-King of the Valley, Ellison is its Warren Beatty. Mike Wilson has interviewed more than a hundred of Ellison's friends and enemies as well as Ellison himself to create an entertaining and provocative portrait of this enigmatic and visionary businessman.
 id : 237878 ISBN : 0071368248  | name : The Startup Garden  |  description : This anecdotal book exemplifies the zest necessary to start--and maintain--a succesful business. --
 id : 237879 ISBN : 1851682635  | name : Faith and Reason in Islam  |  description : The first English translation of the twelfth-century Muslim philosopher's opus reveals his often controversial perspectives on reason, religion, and science. Original.
 id : 237881 ISBN : 0399527494  | name : Trendspotting  |  description : Interviews with Edwin Schlossberg, Christopher Buckley, Gloria Feldt, and other industry leaders highlight this practical handbook on the art of predicting and profiting from future trends, which also includes hundreds of predictions with an a revealing look at their implications for the future. Original.
 id : 237882 ISBN : 0803287518  | name : Chance, Love, and Logic  |  description : Two of the most important and influential works by Charles Sanders Peirce (1839-1914) here in one volume. The first marks the beginning of pragmatism. The second presents Peirce's innovative essays on scientific metaphysics. (Peirce was) "one of the most original thinkers and system builders of any time, and certainly the greatest philosopher the United States has ever seen".--Joseph Brent, biographer.
 id : 237883 ISBN : 0152026290  | name : Farewell, My Lunchbag  |  description : Danger may be Chet Gecko's business, but dessert is his delight. . . . Chet Gecko's hunger for mystery is matched only by his appetite for cockroach casserole, mosquito marshmallow surprise, and stinkbug pie. So when the cafeteria needs help nabbing a food thief, Chet digs into the case with a passion he usually reserves only for dessert. But this time Chet may have bitten off more than even he can chew. Someone has framed him, and now everyone at Emerson Hicky--even his trusted partner, Natalie Attired--thinks the food thief is none other than Chet!
 id : 237885 ISBN : 0152024859  | name : The Chameleon Wore Chartreuse  |  description : When hired by a fellow fourth-grader to find her missing brother, Chet Gecko uncovers a plot involving a Gila monster's revenge upon the school football team.
 id : 237889 ISBN : 0743201531  | name : On Doctoring  |  description : Written by physicians and a diverse selection of great authors--such as John Donne, John Keats, William Carlos Williams, and Alice Walker--this compilation of stories, poems, and essays eloquently captures what it is like to be sick, to be cured, to succumb to illness, or to overcome it.
 id : 237891 ISBN : 1582450714  | name : The Essential Siberian Husky  |  description : Pet owners will enjoy this attractively priced, four-color series of books that are filled with useful information in an attractive design.The Essential Guides have all of the information that the new or experienced pet owner needs for a successful relationship with his or her pet. Packed with interesting sidebars, the books discuss bringing your new pet home; the optimal way to feed your pet; and how to properly groom your pet. Also included are comprehensive chapters on health care and how to train your pet like an expert; as well as a special chapter filled with fun facts about your specific pet.The many fun and descriptive photos in the Essential Guides are taken by a professional photographer, and each book contains perforated fact cards with lots of helpful pet care tips for your convenience.
 id : 237892 ISBN : 061334006X  | name : Men at Arms  |  description : He's now in charge of the new recruits guarding Ankh-Morpork, Discworld's greatest city, from Barbarian Tribes, miscellaneous marauders and unlicensed thieves. It's a big job--but an even bigger job awaits when an ancient document reveals that Ankh-Morpork has a secret sovereign.
 id : 237893 ISBN : 2266091727  | name : Contes du lundi  |  description : Du conte fantastique à la nouvelle réaliste, grave ou pessimiste, en passant par le texte au propos moral, un ensemble souvent marqué par la Commune (1871) et la guerre de 1870. Daudet avait un parti pris "violent et réducteur" contre les insurgés de la Commune.
 id : 237894 ISBN : 038546858X  | name : The Red Scream  |  description : Texas reporter Molly Cates, whose book describes the horrifying career of serial killer Louie Bronk, realizes, shortly before Louie's execution, that he may be innocent and that her life is in danger. 20,000 first printing. $20,000 ad/promo. Tour.
 id : 237895 ISBN : 0147712033  | name : The Mitford Years Boxed Set Volumes 1-3  |  description : Mitford rector Father Tim faces the new challenges of matrimony after he marries his vivacious Cynthia, from the trials and tribulations of the parish's new computer, to redecorating the rectory, to his dog's new sleeping arrangements.
 id : 237897 ISBN : 0895771004  | name : Reader's Digest Family Legal Guide  |  description : Defines legal terms and phrases, uses case studies to explain concepts, gives advice on bankruptcy, divorce, estate planning, and taxes, and includes information on state laws.
 id : 237898 ISBN : 0809248107  | name : No More Tantrums-- and Other Good News  |  description : Explains how to handle a child's temper tantrum, discusses problems caused by new siblings, and includes advice about discipline, stubbornness, whining, nagging, street safety, anger, and problem behavior
 id : 237903 ISBN : 0385237995  | name : Sandscreen  |  description : When the overseas manager of a shipping company commits suicide, Graham Lorimer is sent out to tie up the loose ends and hush up any scandals that may embarrass the firm, but from the time that his taxi is riddled with bullets as it leaves the airport, Lorimer realizes that more menace is ahead.
 id : 237904 ISBN : 0440203198  | name : The Messianic Legacy  |  description : Holy Blood, Holy Grail rocked the very foundations of Christianity. Now four more years of research have uncovered shocking material — and its earthshaking consequences. • What extraordinary meaning lies behind Jesus' title — "King of the Jews"? • Was there more than one Christ? • Who really constituted Jesus' following — and what were the real identities of Simon Peter and Judas Iscariot? • Who now has the ancient treasure of the Temple of Jerusalem? • What is the true source of today's Christian "Fundamentalism"? • What links the Vatican, the CIA, the KGB, the Mafia, Freemasonry, and the Knights Templar? • What is the stunning goal of the European secret society that traces its lineage back to Christ and the House of David? The Messianic Legacy. Here is the book that reveals the answers to these intriguing, potentially explosive questions. Utilizing the same meticulous research that catapulted their first book onto the best seller lists, the authors again bring an enlighteneing message of truth — and urgent importance — to Christians and non-Christians the world over.
 id : 237906 ISBN : 0306806177  | name : Battles Of The Revolutionary War  |  description : The Americans did not simply outlast the British, nor was the war just a glorified guerrilla action with sporadic skirmishes. Americans won their independence on the battlefield by employing superior strategies, tactics, and leadership. So W. J. Wood contends in this groundbreaking study of the battles of Bunker Hill, Quebec, Trenton, Princeton, Saratoga, Cowpens, and others. For each engagement he describes the types of combatants on each side and the weapons available to them; outlines the tactics; narrates blow-by-blow accounts; and analyzes the factors that determined the character of the battle and outcome. Battles of the Revolutionary War has been designed for the "armchair strategist." Dozens of illustrations and maps, many specially prepared for this volume, contribute to the overall clarity and insight of Wood's presentation. Anyone with a desire to attain a feel for the dramatic times and colorful personalities that accompanied the birth of this country would do well to read it.
 id : 237907 ISBN : 0132539071  | name : Psychology 2  |  description : This interactive introduction to psychology provides a broad exploration of classic and contemporary research on current and emerging topics in all areas of the field and provides opportunities for students to see first hand how psychological concepts apply to a wide range of real-life situations.
 id : 237908 ISBN : 0740718479  | name : The Revolt of the English Majors  |  description : Yes, it's a Dubya Dubya Dubya world--Doonesbury just downloads it. From challenging Dubya to a "pronunciation bee" to Uncle Duke's weird horse race for the White House, Trudeau and his cartoon cast take on Bush and co. to hilarious effect.
 id : 237909 ISBN : 0060160268  | name : 365 Quick and Easy Microwave Recipes  |  description : Microwaves are clearly no longer a novelty, and this striking new book provides a source of good, solid, fast, and straightforward recipes--all designed specifically for such ovens.
 id : 237911 ISBN : 0395736307  | name : Social Psychology  |  description : This is an account of social psychology in the 1990s, combining real-world examples and current event topics. It discussses social psychological differences and similarities associated with gender, race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, nationality, and culture. It features research from 29 countries.
 id : 237912 ISBN : 0679400303  | name : Random House Word Menu  |  description : Lists and defines words and terms by over seven hundred subject areas including nature, science and technology, domestic life, arts, language, and institutions
 id : 237913 ISBN : 1568330278  | name : Through a Fiery Trial  |  description : Historians have dismissed the ten years it took to ready the new capital as nothing more than man's inability to tame a swamp. In a brilliant narrative Bob Arnebeck shows how with slave axe-men, lawyers' writs, and speculators' greed a hilly, well wooded paradise was turned into a land of stumps, ruts, shacks, and isolated mansions.The stories of slaves and workers are at last told.
 id : 237915 ISBN : 0836267524  | name : The Bundled Doonesbury With Cd-Rom  |  description : "No one ruffles feathers as consistently as Trudeau, who regularly deals with hot-button topics all within the four panels of his daily comic strip." --Pittsburgh Post Gazette This book-plus package offers a breathtaking view of the Doonesbury universe in one integrated package. Start with the book: a rich, oversize anthology, jam-packed with America's most provocative and pointed satire -- including 80 Sunday strips in full color. From O.J. and Mr. Butts to Whitewater and Tailgate, from Mike, Kim, and Alex's funky software start-up company to Duke and Earl's Las Vegas long shots, Trudeau tracks the fierce strangeness of end-of-century life through the ever-intertwining fortunes of his substantial cast. Bundled with this impressive tome is the Doonesbury Flashbacks CD-ROM, a complete account of all things Doonesbury over the course of the strip's first 25 years. The disc contains more than 9,000 strips, archived with every search mode imaginable -- readers can locate strips by character, topic, chronology, dialogue, or location. Contemporary newspaper headlines, articles, quotes, and factoids give useful context for the historically clueless. Other features include a digital bibliography of Doonesbury books, posters, videos, and audio recordings; a Doonesbury trivia game, complete with unctuous host (Mike) and decorative hostess (Boopsie); a Doonesbury timeline; elaborate character bios; and animation. A useful print capability lets users generate crisp refrigerator art from any strip. Thanks to this digital cornucopia you can relive the ages of Aquarius, Reagan, and O.J. through the eyes of G.B. Trudeau and his merry band of misfits.
 id : 237917 ISBN : 0740700154  | name : Buck Wild Doonesbury  |  description : From the Bill Clinton-Ken Starr face-off to high-flying Internet startups, Trudeau hones in on the things we take seriously and livens them up with crafty jolts of jocularity.
 id : 237918 ISBN : 0688152430  | name : River Angel  |  description : In April, 1991, in a little Wisconsin town about 100 miles southwest of the town where I grew up, a misfit boy was kidnapped by a group of high school kids who, later would testify they only meant to frighten him, to drive him around for a while. Somehow they ended up in the river whooping and hollering on a two lane bridge. Somehow, the boy was shoved, he jumped, he slipped -- accounts vary -- into the icy water. The kids told police they never heard a splash; one reported seeing a brilliant flash of light. (Several people in the area witnessed a similar light, while others recalled hearing something "kind of like thunder.") All night, volunteers walked the rivers edge, but it was dawn before the body was found in a barn a good mile from the bridge. The owner of the barn had been the one to discover the body and she said the boys' cheeks were rosy, his skin warm to the touch. A sweet smell hung in the air. "It was," she said, "as if he were just sleeping" And then she told police she believed an angel had carried him there. A miracle? A hoax? Or something in between? With acute insight and great compassion, A. Manette Ansay captures the inner life of a town and its residents struggling to forge a new identity in the face of a rapidly changing world. The result is a novel of transcendental beauty, an extraordinary portrait of the human soul's longing for grace.
 id : 237919 ISBN : 0836236866  | name : Planet Doonesbury  |  description : No matter what's occurring on the planet, Doonesbury has offered readers a parallel universe. Through the adventures of cherished characters like Mike, J.J., Boopsie, and B.D., Doonesbury has chronicled the course of time with humor and wit. Whether it was an anti-Vietnam march or the Cyber Valley of Seattle, Doonesbury has given readers a hip and happening place to be, if only for a few minutes every day. Created by master cartoonist Garry Trudeau, Doonesbury remains a dynamic force. Its political slant consistently amuses readers, sparks controversy, and frightens editors. Political characters appear frequently--humorously represented by time bombs or waffles--but the strip isn't entirely political. Trudeau deals with young love, broken relationships, and the raising of a few young kids, but the strip isn't really about warm-fuzzies either. For the millions of readers who turn to Doonesbury every day, the strip is simply a favored friend. Controversial yet always contemporary; familiar but rarely perfectly comfortable. In this collection, Planet Doonesbury continues the adventures of all the regulars, from Father Duke and his recently revealed son, Earl, to the impending marriage of Mike and Kim. B.D. returns to Vietnam, and with Phred as host, discovers a war of sorts is still being waged--not over changing politics, but the race to make money in the now industrialized country. Presented in an exciting format, the handsome Planet Doonesbury features large-size color Sundays.
 id : 237920 ISBN : 1567310001  | name : How to Break Your Addiction to a Person  |  description : Are you in love--or addicted? How to know when to call it quits...and how to find the courage to call it quits. Are you unable to leave a love relationship even though it gives you more pain than joy?nbsp;nbsp;Your judgment and self-respect tell you to end it, but still, to your dismay, you hang on.nbsp;nbsp;You are addicted--to a person.nbsp;nbsp;Now there is an insightful, step-by-step guide to breaking that addiction--and surviving the split.nbsp;nbsp;Drawing on dozens of provocative case histories, psychotherapist Howard Helpern explains to you: Why you can get addicted to a person. Why and how you may try to deceive yourself. ("He really loves me, he just doesn't know how to show it.") How you can recognize the symptoms of a bad relationship. How to deal with the power moves and guilt trips your partner uses to hold you. Why strong feelings of jealousy do not mean you are "in love." How to get through the agonizing breakup period--without going back. How not to get caught in such a painful relationship again.
 id : 237921 ISBN : 0881663514  | name : The Preschooler's Busy Book  |  description : Presents learning games and activities for every day of the year designed to help toddlers stay active and build their creativity.
 id : 237922 ISBN : 0570058104  | name : Little Visits for Families  |  description : A collection of more than 150 devotions on such topics as daily activities, the Ten Commandments, and holidays. Includes interactive discussion questions, Bible verses, and prayers.
 id : 237923 ISBN : 0394757661  | name : Playback  |  description : Crime fiction master Raymond Chandler's final novel featuring Philip Marlowe, the "quintessential urban private eye" (Los Angeles Times). In noir master Raymond Chandler's Playback, Philip Marlowe is hired by an influential lawyer he's never heard of to tail a gorgeous redhead, but then decides he'd rather help out the redhead. She's been acquitted of her alcoholic husband's murder, but her father-in-law prefers not to take the court's word for it. "Chandler wrote like a slumming angel and invested the sun-blinded streets of Los Angeles with a romantic presence:" -- Ross Macdonald
 id : 237924 ISBN : 0312185758  | name : Excalibur  |  description : Describes King Arthur's final battle with Mordred, who has summoned the power of the gods to help his evil cause.
 id : 237926 ISBN : 0020363702  | name : The New Trouser Press Record Guide  |  description : Provides brief reviews of hundreds of albums by new wave bands from Adam Ant to the Zantees
 id : 237929 ISBN : 039541055X  | name : The Gathering Storm  |  description : Covers the period from the Treaty of Versailles to Churchill's appointment as Prime Minister in 1940.
 id : 237930 ISBN : 0963368710  | name : After 9/11  |  description : A collection of work from writers with a rich mix of opinions, leavened by historical background and criticical analysis, compiled by the editors at AlterNet.org. [introduction].
 id : 237931 ISBN : 0373191022  | name : Always Daddy  |  description : Always Daddy by Karen Rose Smith released on Jul 25, 1995 is available now for purchase.
 id : 237932 ISBN : 0679755748  | name : Spin Alternative Record Guide  |  description : America's premiere alternative music magazine presents a book of outrageously opinionated reviews of the essential albums of punk, new wave, indie rock, grunge, and rap. Its abundantly illustrated, full-color pages provide in-depth and informative record reviews on the widest possible scale of alternative music. National ads/media.
 id : 237933 ISBN : 0060193174  | name : Duty First  |  description : Duty First is a penetrating account of a year inside one of America's premier schools for leadership-the United States Military Academy at West Point. Ed Ruggero, a former West Point cadet and professor, takes an incisive look at how this elite school builds the "leaders of character" who will command the nation's military. Ruggero details the struggles of young men and women who will lead the American soldiers of the future. Writing with deep insight and superb narrative skill, he follows their tumultuous lives: the initial, grueling training, the strict student hierarchy and intense classroom work, and the interaction between the lowly first-year plebes and the upper-class cadets who train them. Duty First also shows the role played by the majors, captains, and sergeants, who oversee everything that happens at this unique institution. By taking a close, critical look at the Academy's standards and traditions, Ruggero examines the changes in West Point's approach to leadership training that have sparked controversy among its alumni. While all West Pointers would agree with one graduate's claim that "steel is forged in fire," many worry that the fire has been allowed to cool too much. Does today's Academy produce leaders with the inner steel to fight and win the nation's wars, or are today's cadets being coddled in the interest of political correctness, retention, and diversity? Above the Hudson River to the hot and humid barracks rooms where the nation's future captains struggle, Ruggero combines objective reporting with the emotional perspective of memoir to take readers on a guided tour through the jarring, overwhelming, inspiring leadership school that is West Point. The stories in Duty First widely reverberate far beyond West Point, because while the specific goals and methods of developing leaders differ, the fundamental values courage, commitment, selfless sacrifice - are the same for all leaders, from the parents of small children to the CEOs of major corporations.
 id : 237934 ISBN : 0399518347  | name : Bride's All New Book of Etiquette  |  description : Offers current information on engagement and wedding planning and realistic solutions for any problem that couples may encounter.
 id : 237935 ISBN : 0445408863  | name : Sacred Monster  |  description : Amoral Jack Pine becomes a Hollywood star, with his boyhood friend Buddy Pal silently watchful until Jack commits an unforgivable crime in the name of success
 id : 237938 ISBN : 0306803070  | name : Rebels And Redcoats  |  description : Here is the American Revolution, the epic struggle that brought forth a new nation, told in a great measure by those who fought and lived it: major figures like Washington, Revere, Franklin and many others heretofore unknown. This is a document of the first great war of principle as it felt and sounded to those who were there, making history.
 id : 237939 ISBN : 0816018324  | name : Domesday  |  description : Drawing on William the Conqueror's eleventh-century survey of England the author traces the roots of English culture and history, from first-century Roman occupation to the beginning of the English Renaissance in the fifteenth century
 id : 237940 ISBN : 0586090185  | name : Into the Badlands  |  description : In "a vital mix of literary criticism, personality profiles, and imaginary geography" (New Statesman and Society), Williams seeks out the mythical America of the nation's most astute chroniclers--the crime writers--to find Elmore Leonard's Miami, Sara Paretsky's Chicago, and Andrew Vachss' New York, among others.
 id : 237941 ISBN : 0815600836  | name : The Iroquois in the American Revolution  |  description : The first full-length study of the Iroquois' actions during the American Revolution, and their history and culture.
 id : 237942 ISBN : 031041511X  | name : Come Before Winter and Share My Hope  |  description : Every life has its seasons. In the warmth of summer sun, it's hard to believe that the cutting winds of winter will chill us to the bone. But hard times can be a time of spiritual growth and deepening faith. Come Before Winter and Share My Hope is a collection of devotionals to help you prepare for and endure life's inevitable difficulties and heartbreaks, and discover the faithfulness of the Lord who is a Companion and Friend through the storms of life.
 id : 237943 ISBN : 0062733834  | name : Alt. Culture  |  description : An a-z of 90s youth culture of America.
 id : 237946 ISBN : 1929925387  | name : The Heretic  |  description : When computer records are trusted more than our own memories, more than our own senses, whoever controls the computers controls reality. The Heretic is a new kind of story, blending high-speed action with the fantasy elements of virtual reality. In the shadows of the net, a battle rages among powerful programmers whom novices see as no less than wizards. The prize: control of the very fabric of reality.
 id : 237948 ISBN : 0395593670  | name : American Stories  |  description : In these, "the sort of stories you might tell in front of a fire", Calvin Trillin brings together twelve funny, troubling, moving and always revealing narratives--extended pieces that have appeared in The New Yorker over the past seven years.
 id : 237949 ISBN : 0807104752  | name : The Life of Johnny Reb  |  description : Offers a composite portrait of the Southern soldier during the Civil War.
 id : 237950 ISBN : 0807104760  | name : The Life of Billy Yank  |  description : Through excerpted letters, diary entries, newspaper accounts, and official records, Wiley offers the reader a complete portrait of the ordinary foot soldier in the Union Army during the Civil War.
 id : 237952 ISBN : 0393039528  | name : Living with Ghosts  |  description : An entertaining account of the ghosts of Europe's haunted castles and palaces presents eleven stories of the spectral inhabitants of England, Provence, Westphalia, and many other celebrated locales throughout the continent. Tour.
 id : 237953 ISBN : 0316179930  | name : The Celts  |  description : Traces the history of the Celts and discusses their origins, their battles with Rome and Greece, their religious beliefs, their artwork, and the legacy they left to Western culture.
 id : 237955 ISBN : 1883085047  | name : Paddle to Perfection!  |  description : Paddle to Perfection! is a complete instructional canoeing course which organizes the sport of canoeing into an easy step-by-step learning process. This unique package, complete with a 55 minute video, 112 page book, and 24 page water-safe quick reference guide, provides an excellent means of learning for ages 6 to 99.
 id : 237956 ISBN : 156792025X  | name : Study is Hard Work  |  description : A guide to helping students learn to study more efficiently, discussing the basic requirements a student must bring to the endeavor, explaining the tools of the business of study, and looking at the habits of accomplished studiers.
 id : 237959 ISBN : 0590189778  | name : Mountain Dog Rescue  |  description : When Jon's older brother, Eric, a champion skiier, is injured in a skiing accident, Jon and his Bernese mountain dog, Mogul, must get help.
 id : 237960 ISBN : 0763710792  | name : Object-oriented Data Structures Using Java  |  description : Data Structures in Java is a continuation of Nell Dale's best-selling Introduction to Java and Software Design text. Data Structures is designed for students who have already taken one semester of computer science and are able to take a problem of medium complexity, write an algorithm to solve the problem, code the algorithm in a programming language, and demonstrate the correctness of their solution. The focus is on teaching computer science principles with chapter concepts being reinforced by case studies. The object-oriented concepts of encapsulation, inheritance, and polymorphism are covered, while the book remains centered on abstract data types.
 id : 237961 ISBN : 0060380225  | name : War in Space  |  description : Presents an account of the terrifying weaponry the United States and the Soviet Union have been developing and testing for conducting a war in space
 id : 237970 ISBN : 0823084892  | name : Women on Top  |  description : Provocative as its title, this book discusses how female artists now dominate Top 20 album charts, often outshining male stars by seven to one.
 id : 237972 ISBN : 0670814806  | name : Napoleon and Hitler  |  description : A comparison and contrast between two infamous dictators considers their origin, the obsession they shared with being accepted, and their common dream of conquering Europe--by whatever means were necessary
 id : 237973 ISBN : 0671001922  | name : Spell of the Screaming Jokers  |  description : The deck is stacked--for evil! Brittany has picked a joker. And that's no laughing matter, because these jokers are deadly. But when you get all four suits, the trouble really starts. Because that's when the joker plays for keeps!
 id : 237974 ISBN : 0671025139  | name : Depth Charge  |  description : When visiting San Diego with the Stevensons, Allen discovers an energy signal coming from experimental torpedoes lost in the bay during WWII. Realizing the potential for a grave explosion, Allen neutralizes the torpedoes by absorbing their energy into his body. But the only way to release the energy without exposing his secret is to literally shoot himself off like a firework.
 id : 237976 ISBN : 0373123957  | name : The Millionaire's Marriage Demand  |  description : THE MILLIONAIRE'S MARRIAGE DEMAND by Sandra Field released on Apr 23, 2004 is available now for purchase.
 id : 237977 ISBN : 0373712030  | name : For a Baby  |  description : Heather Sweeney has always wanted a baby. Unfortunately, she's in love with a married man, so her chances don't look good. Then one lonely night she turns to T.J. Collins, who always seems to be there for her when life is at its lowest. A few weeks later Heather discovers that she's about to get her greatest wish-but with the wrong man. Heather and T.J. decide to marry, which makes perfect sense. Even if they're not in love, they've known each other forever. But it doesn't take long before Heather begins to feel as if she's married a stranger. Somehow-for the baby's sake-she has to find a way to make her marriage work. Especially once Heather discovers she may have married the right man after all.
 id : 237979 ISBN : 0373037953  | name : Rafael's Convenient Proposal  |  description : RAFAEL'S CONVENIENT PROPOSAL by Rebecca Winters released on Apr 23, 2004 is available now for purchase.
 id : 237980 ISBN : 0373217471  | name : Shotgun Vows  |  description : Matilda Fortune transforms herself from wallflower to tempting beauty to attract Dawson Prescott. But after a night of passion leaves them married, Matilda must convince Dawson that their shotgun vows are filled with the promise of love. Original.
 id : 237981 ISBN : 0373513003  | name : The Right Kind of Girl  |  description : In 1998, the American Dream goes high-tech when computer whiz Lucy Beckwith and her colleague, Jim Kazan, find themselves falling for one another online. Reissue.
 id : 237982 ISBN : 0373273630  | name : Joint Forces  |  description : Joint Forces by Catherine Mann released on Apr 23, 2004 is available now for purchase.
 id : 237983 ISBN : 037322768X  | name : Agent Cowboy  |  description : Agent Cowboy by Debra Webb released on Mar 25, 2004 is available now for purchase.
 id : 237985 ISBN : 0373292953  | name : Rocky Mountain Marriage  |  description : GAMBLERS AND DANCE HALL GALS MADE A HELL OF A LEGACY FOR A SCHOOLMARM!But Dora Fitzpatrick was determined to run her late father's saloon-at least until she uncovered the secrets hidden at the Royal Flush. Not the smallest of which concerned Chance Wellesley! Who was this handsome cardsharp who made her feel like his Queen of Hearts'Chance Wellesley could see right off that Dora Fitzpatrick was smart as a whip-and prettier than she realized. Sooner or later she'd deduce his true intentions. But even riskier was how she could make him shuffle his plans and hope for a full house-of marriage, family and lifelong love!
 id : 237986 ISBN : 0373123825  | name : The Unwilling Mistress  |  description : THE UNWILLING MISTRESS by Carole Mortimer released on Feb 23, 2004 is available now for purchase.
 id : 237987 ISBN : 0373123809  | name : His Boardroom Mistress  |  description : Liz Hart is an ultimate PA. Her sisters, however, persuade her to have a make-over. Liz is thrilled with the result - but will her boss notice? Cole Pierson is curious to see a stranger at his secretary's desk - and stunned to realize it's Liz, looking far too sexy for his peace of mind!
 id : 237989 ISBN : 0373123795  | name : The Banker's Convenient Wife  |  description : THE BANKER'S CONVENIENT WIFE by Lynne Graham released on Feb 23, 2004 is available now for purchase.
 id : 237990 ISBN : 0373806132  | name : Deceitful Lover  |  description : DECEITFUL LOVER by Helen Brooks released on Feb 23, 2004 is available now for purchase.
 id : 237991 ISBN : 0373765614  | name : Man Beneath the Uniform  |  description : Man Beneath The Uniform by Maureen Child released on Jan 23, 2004 is available now for purchase.
 id : 237992 ISBN : 0671319647  | name : Sheepfarmer's Daughter  |  description : Paksenarrion joins the army and begins an adventure that will transform her into a hero remembered in songs. She was chosen to restore a lost ruler to his throne.
 id : 237994 ISBN : 0373123752  | name : Marco's Pride  |  description : MARCO'S PRIDE by Jane Porter released on Jan 23, 2004 is available now for purchase.
 id : 237996 ISBN : 0140033114  | name : The Rivals of Sherlock Holmes  |  description : Short stories relating the exploits of Victorian England's greatest detectives demonstrate the literary talents of Conan Doyle's contemporaries
 id : 237997 ISBN : 0786012412  | name : Blood Ties  |  description : At the request of a secret society of ancient vampires, Deidre and her detective lover are back on the streets of New York trying to get to the bottom of a murder spree that's taking the life of vampires as well as humans. This time around, Mitch and Deidre are not only hunters but also the prey.
 id : 237998 ISBN : 0373037805  | name : The Italian's Baby  |  description : "The man Becky Hanley nearly married has just walked back into her life! It's been fifteen years, but Italian Luca Montese is just as attractive as ever... Luca is desperate to tell Becky the truth about what happened all those years ago. Becky can't believe her ears - the time they've wasted... The attraction is mutual and overwhelming and she can't resist him - the love is still there. Then she discovers that all Luca wanted from her was a baby - and shockingly, she's already pregnant..."
 id : 237999 ISBN : 0792279603  | name : Courting the Diamond Sow  |  description : The dramatic, firsthand account of a pioneering journey down Tibet's Tsangpo River--one of modern exploration's greatest challenges--that ended in violent tragedy with the death of international whitewater paddler Doug Gordon. 16 pages of full-color photos.
 id : 238002 ISBN : 962217289X  | name : Angkor  |  description : An art historian's guide to the temples of Angkor. Included are background chapters on history, religion and the arts, sections on each temple and sightseeing itineraries around the 35 accessible sites detailed here. The text is illustrated with photographs, maps, plans and elevations.
 id : 238005 ISBN : 0595261647  | name : Illusions  |  description : Cassandra Steele, a popular, outspoken, high school senior has made a hobby of breaking the rules. With the arrival of mysterious Robb at the end of her senior year everything comes to an abrupt end. Haunted by strange dreams and horrible nightmares Cassandra's only hope is a girl that could be her greatest ally or worst enemy.
 id : 238007 ISBN : 1930076150  | name : Saving Jake  |  description : Philip Corts has a special gift that his best friend Jake Holdridge won't let him ignore--he can "track" lost objects, people, and even past lives with his mind. But not all trackings have happy endings and Philip vows to lay his gift to rest until... Jake slips into desperation and comes to Philip with a terrifying request: Could he track one more time? Philip must decide: Watch Jake die or try to save him and risk both their lives.
 id : 238008 ISBN : 0789458721  | name : Elephant  |  description : Discusses elephants, their physiology, behavior, evolution, relatives, uses by humans, and conservation.
 id : 238009 ISBN : 0789477645  | name : Animal  |  description : Offers photographs and information about mammals, birds, reptiles, amphibians, fishes, and invertebrates from throughout the world.
 id : 238010 ISBN : 0425113973  | name : The Greatest Management Principle in the World  |  description : Things that get rewarded get done. This single, powerful principle is the basis for GMP, the highly acclaimed book by Michael LeBoeuf. Highlighted at seminars, featured on video and audio cassettes, and used and recommended by top managers coast to coast
 id : 238011 ISBN : 0233987797  | name : After the Stranger Came  |  description : Story about a psychotic hypnotist and his devasting effect on the life of a Scottish professor's wife.
 id : 238012 ISBN : 0684848171  | name : Making the Corps  |  description : Inside the marine corps and what it takes to become "One of the few, the proud, the Marines."
 id : 238014 ISBN : 0312864671  | name : Outpost  |  description : Scott Mackay is a comparative newcomer, but Outpost shows he is their [Sawyer, Gotlieb, etc.] peer. ~ The Globe and Mail
 id : 238015 ISBN : 0871135329  | name : The Lucifer Principle  |  description : Explores the genetic predisposition of all animals, including humans, to create hierarchies and make war on each other
 id : 238016 ISBN : 0739440047  | name : Emma's Secret  |  description : Continuing the Emma Hart story with her great granddaughters.
 id : 238017 ISBN : 0671706799  | name : Awakening  |  description : Amanda Caulden led a sheltered life on her father's California ranch--until the day Hank Montgomery stormed into town. A hot-blooded union organizer with a taste for ladies and fine champagne, he sensed the fire smoldering beneath her prim, virtuous beauty . . . and vowed to make her his! From the bestselling author of The Princess. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 238018 ISBN : 0140098348  | name : A Hall of Mirrors  |  description : Rheinhardt, a disk jockey and failed musician, rolls into New Orleans looking for work and another chance in life. What he finds is a woman physically and psychically damaged by the men in her past and a job that entangles him in a right-wing political movement. Peopled with civil rights activists, fanatical Christians, corrupt politicians, and demented Hollywood stars, A Hall of Mirrors vividly depicts the dark side of America that erupted in the sixties. To quote Wallace Stegner, "Stone writes like a bird, like an angel, like a circus barker, like a con man, like someone so high on pot that he is scraping his shoes on the stars." Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 238019 ISBN : 0590312758  | name : Amazing Real Life Coincidences  |  description : Precognition is offered as the reason for some people's ability to successfully predict the future, while no explanation is offered for the odd coincidences in life that seem to defy the law of averages.
 id : 238021 ISBN : 0195092899  | name : Buzz  |  description : Discusses both the scientific and cultural impact of alcohol and caffeine, the world's most widely-consumed mind-altering substances
 id : 238022 ISBN : 0312113684  | name : Treasure Island  |  description : A 1950s setting of the original classic follows the adventures of young Jim Hawkins, who leaves his parent's rundown tourist hotel life so that he may join Senator Trelawney and Doctor Livesey on a search for Nazi gold in the Caribbean.
 id : 238023 ISBN : 0385479530  | name : Morality Play  |  description : In fourteenth-century England a troupe of traveling players gathers information about a local murder and incorporates it into their play in hopes of drawing a larger audience
 id : 238026 ISBN : 0791042715  | name : Organized Crime  |  description : Recounts the history of organized crime from the Cosa Nostra to Al Capone to recent global criminal organizations.
 id : 238030 ISBN : 0814479219  | name : Multicultural Marketing  |  description : Although the author discusses the ethnic, religious, and lifestyle diversity of the United States, this is a marketing book. The aim is to help marketers increase profits for their companies, not to make political or social statements.
 id : 238033 ISBN : 0275933296  | name : The International Businesswoman of the 1990s  |  description : Thoroughly revised and updated, this 1990 edition of Marlene L. Rossman's tips-of-the-trade guide explores the recent and forthcoming trends in the international business world that need to be addressed by the businesswoman planning on overseas travel. It discusses such aspects of travel overseas as transactions, customs, and even dress.
 id : 238040 ISBN : 1561384542  | name : Great Cons & Con Artists  |  description : A collection of famous cases reveals the truth behind the fake autobiography of billionaire recluse Howard Hughes, the creation of the "Lincoln Love Letters," and the museum-quality "Vermeers" painted by a twentieth-century Dutch artist.
 id : 238041 ISBN : 0465081797  | name : Sperm Wars  |  description : Argues that men inately believe their sperm will be competing with that of other men for the opportunity to fertilize an egg, and that women unconsciously promote this competition
 id : 238042 ISBN : 0070577951  | name : How to Pay Zero Taxes  |  description : Schnepper outlines the easiest, most practical strategies consumers can use to lower their taxes this year, next year and beyond. Focusing on tax-saving strategies--not tax preparation--this guide has been fully updated to take advantage of all 1997 tax revisions, and includes information on the TurboTax software package. Customer rebate offer.
 id : 238043 ISBN : 1560273763  | name : Airplane Flying Handbook  |  description : This series of textbooks and supplements for pilots, student pilots, aviation instructors, and aviation specialists provides information on every topic needed to qualify for and excel in the field of aviation. Most FAA Knowledge Exams’ questions are taken directly from the information presented in these texts.
 id : 238045 ISBN : 1560273097  | name : Pilot's Handbook of Aeronautical Knowledge  |  description : This series of textbooks and supplements for pilots, student pilots, aviation instructors, and aviation specialists provides information on every topic needed to qualify for and excel in the field of aviation. Most FAA Knowledge Exams' questions are taken directly from the information presented in these texts. Required reading for pilots for more than 25 years, this book is used extensively as a reference source for the FAA knowledge exams and provides essential information for training and guiding student pilots. Discussion on the principles of flight, aeroplanes and engines, flight instruments, weight, balance, and aeroplane performance, weather, airport operations, airspace, navigation, and aeromedical information is included. This is FAA advisory circular AC 61-23C.
 id : 238046 ISBN : 0060163895  | name : The Last Raven  |  description : A TALE OF POLITICAL TERROR AND PATRIOTISM RUN AMOK.
 id : 238048 ISBN : 156027462X  | name : Private Pilot for Airplane Single-Engine Land and Sea Practical Test Standards  |  description : The 'Practical Test Standards' (PTS) series guides student pilots, flight instructors, and FAA-designated examiners through checkrides, the final test in acquiring a pilot license. Each PTS guide details the skill and knowledge that must be successfully demonstrated before an examiner can issue a certificate or rating. The knowledge requirements detail which subjects will be covered -- which weather reports and forecasts candidates will be asked to analyse, which physiological conditions (such as dehydration, spatial disorientation, and hypoxia) candidates will need to discuss, and what kind of flight planning exercises will need to be demonstrated. The skill requirements include what kind of takeoff and landing must be performed, such as crosswind or short-field; how a steep turn should be executed, with specifics that include what bank angle and airspeed to use; and what areas will be tested on a continuous basis, such as the checklist usage, positive exchange of flight controls, and crew resource management. The tolerances are defined so the candidates know what altitude, airspeed, headings, and banks must be maintained to complete each manoeuvre successfully. Each PTS guide lists the knowledge and experience prerequisites for a particular certificate or rating and provides background information and study and reference materials.
 id : 238051 ISBN : 1560274999  | name : Far/aim 2004  |  description : Designed for pilots, flight crew, and aviation maintenance technicians, this manual collects the latest civil aviation directives from the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA). Full-color graphics.
 id : 238052 ISBN : 1560274786  | name : Far/aim 2003  |  description : Pilots, flight crew, and aviation maintenance technicians are required to keep current with the latest civil aviation directives from the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA). This series presents the pertinent information gathered from the Federal Aviation Regulations (FAR) and the full Aeronautical Information Manual (AIM), Flight Crew (FC), or Aviation Maintenance Technicians (AMT) combined into one easy-to-use reference. All regulations that have changed since the last release are precisely marked and indexed to provide a clear listing of subject matter and to refer pilots and staff to the correct paragraph or regulation number. The FAR sections are reproduced in reset type for easier reading, and the AIM features detailed, full-colour graphics. In addition, a suggested study list of regulations and AIM paragraphs is provided, along with a helpful list of FAA, National Transportation Safety Board, National Ocean Service, and Flight Standards District Office addresses and telephone numbers.
 id : 238053 ISBN : 031285563X  | name : Merlin's Bones  |  description : Stumbling onto a strange unfinished palace in the years after Arthur's death, a troupe of players discovers the location where Merlin's bones lay, a location that, over the following centuries, becomes a focal point of overwhelming magic
 id : 238060 ISBN : 0345333950  | name : Icerigger  |  description : Ethan Fortune, an intergalactic salesman and innocent victim in a bungled hijacking attempt, is stranded in a frozen world totally devoid of life-support for humans
 id : 238063 ISBN : 0446356476  | name : Spellsinger  |  description : John Thomas Meriweather, a graduate student, is transported to another world to help a wizard there defeat the evil raiders who destroyed the town of Pelligrew
 id : 238064 ISBN : 0764563734  | name : CliffsQuickReview Anatomy and Physiology  |  description : CliffsQuickReview course guides cover the essentials of your toughest classes. Get a firm grip on core concepts and key material, and test your newfound knowledge with review questions. Whether you're in high school or medical school, CliffsQuickReview Anatomy and Physiology can help you understand how your body is built and the different functions it performs. This guide introduces each topic, defines key terms, and carefully walks you through each sample problem step-by-step. In no time, you'll be ready to tackle other concepts in this book such as Cell division Organization of the skeletal system Nervous system organization Hormones Immune system and other body defenses Reproductive system CliffsQuickReview Anatomy and Physiology acts as a supplement to your textbook and to classroom lectures. Use this reference in any way that fits your personal style for study and review — you decide what works best with your needs. Here are just a few ways you can search for topics: Use the free Pocket Guide full of essential information Get a glimpse of what you'll gain from a chapter by reading through the Chapter Check-In at the beginning of each chapter Use the Chapter Checkout at the end of each chapter to gauge your grasp of the important information you need to know Test your knowledge more completely in the CQR Review and look for additional sources of information in the CQR Resource Center Use the glossary to find key terms fast. With titles available for all the most popular high school and college courses, CliffsQuickReview guides are a comprehensive resource that can help you get the best possible grades.
 id : 238067 ISBN : 1901982246  | name : The Defense  |  description : Dynamite defense attorney Joseph Antonelli has never lost a case--or felt the sting of conscience for letting the guilty go free. " I can deceive anyone, " he says, " and no one more quickly or more completely than myself." Now the man he most admires, the honorable Judge Rifkin, has asked him a favor: Defend a drug dealer accused of raping his twelve-year-old stepdaughter. Yet Antonelli's acceptance of the case sets in motion an explosive chain of corruption, betrayal, and murder that will leave no one unscathed. . . .
 id : 238070 ISBN : 0595282539  | name : Lica's Angel  |  description : They dragged a young lamb into the circle, and all stood. Another one of these people held a knife to the lamb's neck, like the knife at my throat. Too late I realized, I was the lamb, and as the knife across from me sliced upward into the frozen air, gripped in an ice-white hand, the midnight-black hand at my neck thundered down, ripping... Cristina Mackenzie's having nightmares. While visiting steamy New Orleans, the teenager and her best friend, Lica, find themselves caught up in a whirlwind of black magic, voodoo, and mystery, and when a boy from her disturbing vision appears beneath her New Orleans hotel room window, the line between dreams and reality begins to blur. A dire voodoo warning sets the girls on a path that leads to answers about Lica's mysterious past, and leads Cristina to a romance she could never have imagined. Ultimately, the girls find themselves at the center of a battle between the Croix de Roi and the Battalion de Saint-Roche, two secret psychic societies fighting for control of the city. Lica's Angel takes the friends through the streets, bayous, and cemeteries of Louisiana, leaving them with a haunting secret.
 id : 238072 ISBN : 0812552628  | name : Bretta Martyn  |  description : Henry Martyn's daughter, Bretta, is ejected from a spaceship by her father's nemesis and left for dead in space, but the resourceful Bretta finds safety on a strange planet inhabited by escaped slaves and vows to seek justice and exact revenge. Reprint.
 id : 238074 ISBN : 0445207108  | name : Contact and Commune  |  description : Major Reille y Sanchez leads an expedition to claim asteroid 5023 Eris, only to discover intelligent aliens from an alternate Earth have already landed
 id : 238075 ISBN : 0345303822  | name : The Nagasaki Vector  |  description : Traveling back in time to medieval Japan, the crew's mutiny threatens to strand Captain Gruenblum in the past
 id : 238076 ISBN : 0380753243  | name : Brightsuit Macbear  |  description : "Tom Edison Maru was no ordinary starship--it was the pride of the human Confederacy--a flying colony bigger than most nations on Earth. To fifteen-year-old Berdab Geanar it was home--until his crusty grandfather jumped ship, making off with an experimental spacesuit with unusual powers. Boldly, Berdan vowed to stop the old man, even though it meant crossing deepest space to a mysterious and exotic jungle planet called Majesty. Yet, with the help of some bizarre aliens, a handy plasma pistol, and a lot of courage, Berdan not only braved the rigors of a chilly, unknown world but uncovered a sinister plot hatched by the dreaded Hooded Seven to overthrow the Confederacy--and found out more about his grandfather's traitorous dealings than he ever wanted to know"--Page [4] of cover.
 id : 238079 ISBN : 038546813X  | name : Winning with the American Quarter Horse  |  description : Now, for the first time, one of the foremost Quarter Horse judges in the world - and 1996 president of The American Quarter Horse Association - reveals how to train and win astride one of the world's great athletes. Whether you are competing in English or Western classes, Winning with the American Quarter Horse provides you with invaluable, practical tips on what it takes to win from an insider who has judged the best horses in the world. Including over one hundred handsome illustrations throughout its pages, this book features detailed information and showing advice on Halter classes, Western Performance classes, English Performance classes, Equitation and Horsemanship events, as well as events like barrel racing and pole bending, which have rarely been dealt with elsewhere.
 id : 238081 ISBN : 0812509048  | name : Pallas  |  description : True to his namesake, Emerson Ngu follows the way of individualism, making him the hero of Pallas, a libertarian paradise atop an asteroid, and the enemy of former senator Gibson Altman, the jealous leader of a communist dystopia. Reprint.
 id : 238082 ISBN : 0345292448  | name : Their Majesties' Bucketeers  |  description : Some thing flashed and a great roar deafened the audience. When the smoke and green-tinged vapor cleared, a lamviin alien - what was left of it, anyway - lay dead before the horrified gaze of several hundred eyewitnesses. Responsibility for solving the crime lay squarely on the three shoulders of Bucketeer-Inquirer Mav. But the windowless rokm had been locked, no one saw the killer, and the murder weapon itself was a mystery.
 id : 238083 ISBN : 1892123479  | name : The Middleburg Mystique  |  description : Horses, lavish parties, elegant estates, murders, and rivalries -- an inside look at the people, places, and mystique that surround Middleburg, Virginia
 id : 238084 ISBN : 0743488180  | name : March to the Stars  |  description : "Roger Ramius Sergei Alexander Chiang MacClintock has had a really bad year. Bad enough to be the spoiled rotten fop of a prince no one wanted or trusted."--Jacket.
 id : 238086 ISBN : 0967258502  | name : Orion the Skateboard Kid  |  description : "Orion The Skateboard Kid" is a marvelous short novel of a young skateboarder and her friends, who are nearly run over and encounter trouble with the law just for practicing their favorite sport in a parking lot. Looking at the Milky Way, Orion realizes that what she and her friends need is a safe place just for skateboarding; together, they resolve to build a skateboard park and bike path in northern Florida. Illustrated with particularly striking color images of constellations that serve as metaphors parallel to Orions struggle, "Orion The Skateboard Kid" is a heartening story of civic responsibility and the hard work involved in making a cherished dream come true. Enthusiastically recommended for school and community library collections "Orion The Skateboard Kid" is entertaining, engaging reading for 4th and 5th grade level students.
 id : 238088 ISBN : 1577790308  | name : Understanding Showmanship  |  description : Present yourself and your horse professionally in the popular showmanship horse show classes. Even the greenest novice can quickly become competitive by following the advice in this book. Includes everything from mastering the basic patterns to clothing and accessories and winning touches for show grooming.
 id : 238089 ISBN : 042505313X  | name : Dune  |  description : Paul Atreides moves with his family to the planet Dune and is forced into exile when his father's government is overthrown. The first book in the series. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 238090 ISBN : 0441776906  | name : Soul Catcher  |  description : Story deals with Charles Hobuhet, a young Native American man and his kidnapping of a young white boy that he intends to sacrifice in reparation for all the wrongs done against his people.
 id : 238101 ISBN : 044170283X  | name : The Race for God  |  description : FICTION-SCIENCE FICTION
 id : 238102 ISBN : 1590710045  | name : The Silent Men  |  description : Monroe and Patterson, America's finest snipers in Vietnam's dangerous Mekong Delta, begin a top secret assignment to terminate their Viet Cong counterpart, a man known as "Black Ghost."
 id : 238103 ISBN : 0425087867  | name : Sudanna, Sudanna  |  description : On the peanut-shaped planet of Ut, where playing music is the most serious of numerous stringently punished crimes, the cautious Hiley OIV finds his world in turmoil when his daughter joins forces with a music criminal
 id : 238104 ISBN : 0743528344  | name : Living History  |  description : Author of the Instant #1 New York Times Bestseller What Happened Hillary Rodham Clinton’s deeply personal and historically significant memoir about her eight years as First Lady. Hillary Rodham Clinton is known to hundreds of millions of people around the world. She writes with candor, humor, and passion about her upbringing in suburban, middle-class America in the 1950s and her transformation from Goldwater Girl to student activist to controversial First Lady. Living History is her revealing memoir of life through the White House years. It is also her chronicle of living history with Bill Clinton, a thirty-year adventure in love and politics that survives personal betrayal, relentless partisan investigations, and constant public scrutiny. Hillary Rodham Clinton came of age during a time of tumultuous social and political change in America. Like many women of her generation, she grew up with choices and opportunities unknown to her mother or grandmother. She charted her own course through unexplored terrain—responding to the changing times and her own internal compass—and became an emblem for some and a lightning rod for others. Wife, mother, lawyer, advocate, and international icon, she has lived through America’s great political wars, from Watergate to Whitewater. The only First Lady to play a major role in shaping domestic legislation, Hillary Rodham Clinton traveled tirelessly around the country to champion health care, expand economic and educational opportunity, and promote the needs of children and families, as she crisscrossed the globe on behalf of women’s rights, human rights, and democracy. Intimate, powerful, and inspiring, Living History captures the essence of one of the most remarkable women of our time and the challenging process by which she came to define herself and find her own voice—as a woman and as a formidable figure in American politics.
 id : 238105 ISBN : 0812509684  | name : The Order of the Arrow  |  description : Anne is certain that by being the perfect wife for her husband, Chandler, she will help him forget his strange obsession with his dead first wife and help herself forget her own bloody past. Original.
 id : 238110 ISBN : 0425062368  | name : The Dosadi Experiment  |  description : Breeding a human-alien people, caging them on a toxic planet, conditioning them to hunger and war--The Dosadi Experiment becomes a prescription for disaster.
 id : 238117 ISBN : 0451089057  | name : Double Star  |  description : One minute, down and out actor Lorenzo Smythe was -- as usual -- in a bar, drinking away his troubles as he watched his career go down the tubes. Then a space pilot bought him a drink, and the next thing Smythe knew, he was shanghaied to Mars. Suddenly he found himself agreeing to the most difficult role of his career: impersonating an important politician who had been kidnapped. Peace with the Martians was at stake -- failure to pull off the act could result in interplanetary war. And Smythe's own life was on the line -- for if he wasn't assassinated, there was always the possibility that he might be trapped in his new role forever! Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 238119 ISBN : 0517665565  | name : Be Your Own Napoleon  |  description : Describes combat situations from the Battle of Hastings, the Hundred Years War, Waterloo, the Civil War, and Anzio, offers the reader several options, and explains the results of the actual decisions
 id : 238122 ISBN : 0345300467  | name : The Star Beast  |  description : Lummox had been the Stuart family pet for years. Though far from cuddly and rather large, it had always been obedient and docile. Except, that is, for the time it had eaten the secondhand Buick . . . But now, all of a sudden and without explanation, Lummox had begun chomping down on a variety of things -- not least, a very mean dog and a cage of virtually indestructible steel. Incredible! John Thomas and Lummox were soon in awfully hot water, and they didn't know how to get out. And neither one really understood just how bad things were -- or how bad the situation could get -- until some space voyagers appeared and turned a far-from-ordinary family problem into an extraordinary confrontation. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 238125 ISBN : 0072193530  | name : CISSP Certification Exam Guide  |  description : "All-in-One" is all readers need! This authoritative reference offers complete coverage of all material on the Certified Information Systems Security Practitioner (CISSP) exam. Readers will find exam objectives at the beginning of each chapter, helpful exam tips, end-of-chapter practice questions, and photographs and illustrations. The bonus CD-ROM contains practice tests and hundreds of questions.
 id : 238127 ISBN : 0425101835  | name : The Ice Raid  |  description : When Russian troops capture a strategic Norwegian island inside the Arctic Circle, Delta Force is sent to drive them out
 id : 238128 ISBN : 1568951787  | name : In the Heart of the Sea  |  description : "In 1820, the 240-ton Essex set sail from Nantucket on a routine voyage for whales. Fifteen months later, in the farthest reaches of the South Pacific, it was rammed and sunk by an 80-ton bull sperm whale. Its twenty-man crew, fearing cannibals on the islands to the west, made for the 3,000-mile-distant coast of South America in three tiny boats."--Jacket.
 id : 238130 ISBN : 0312931743  | name : Foundation's Friends  |  description : Original tales by such science fiction luminaries as Orson Scott Card, Harry Turtledove, and Connie Willis, written in honor of Isaac Asimov's fiftieth anniversary in the genre, are set in one of his fictional universes
 id : 238131 ISBN : 0671578464  | name : Eagle Against The Stars  |  description : THE ALIENS PLAYED BY THE RULES. THEIR RULES. When the Lokaron suddenly appeared in the skies of Earth, America was enjoying victory in the off-and-on war that had occupied most of the 20th century. That's why they chose America to occupy and use as their puppet in dominating the planet. We were already set up to do it, now we would do it for them. Not that they were evil; they just insisted that we trade with them. By their rules, rules backed up by irresistible weapons. In terms of those rules, they would even play fair -- but in the long run, if they didn't own something, it would be because they didn't want it. At first we tried to fight, but just as the Japanese, the Chinese, the Hindus and all the rest had learned, when the ones with the guns say "Let's trade!" they really mean "Trade or bleed". And so you trade -- even if you won't have a country -- or a planet -- left when the last round is played out. But worms turn, and just as had the Europeans a century ago, the Lokaron were going to learn a lesson from their victims, a lesson that they weren't going to like one bit....
 id : 238132 ISBN : 0671578219  | name : Cross The Stars (Special Limited Edition)  |  description : En route to their home planet of Tethys after fighting in the interplanetary wars, Don Slade and his crew face a long and arduous journey and a welcome home fraught with dangers.
 id : 238135 ISBN : 0805013717  | name : Rice, the Amazing Grain  |  description : Defines and describes the many new rices available in supermarkets, explores the history, growing, and processing of rice, and offers more than 160 recipes that use rice with or in soups, salads, fruit, herbs, poultry, meat, and fish
 id : 238136 ISBN : 0345289951  | name : Wall Around a Star  |  description : Jen Babylon, a linguist, must solve the mystery of the origin of Cuckoo, a huge planet inhabited by alien beings as well as a race of humans
 id : 238137 ISBN : 1852421657  | name : Sex and the City  |  description : Gathers stories by contemporary British and North American writers about human sexuality, personal relationships, and life in the modern city
 id : 238138 ISBN : 0486282155  | name : Short Stories  |  description : In his stories and in such landmark novels as Sister Carrie and An American Tragedy, Theodore Dreiser (1871–1945) defied literary propriety and broke new ground in American fiction by focusing on life as it is, rather than as it ought to be. Sherwood Anderson, introducing a collection of Dreiser stories, said of him: "If there is a modern movement in American prose writing, a movement toward greater courage and fidelity to life in writing, then Theodore Dreiser is the pioneer and the hero of the movement." Indeed, his bold example paved the way for a new generation of American writers.The five superb stories in this volume vividly attest to the sincerity and depth of Dreiser's gifts as a powerful and original storyteller. They are "Free," the story of a man trying, as his wife lies dying, to understand why he never found happiness in marriage; "The Second Choice" and "Married," two insightful tales of the complex relationships of men and women; "Nigger Jeff," a powerful, disturbing story of a lynching; and "The Lost Phœbe," a poignant tale of a man's search for a lost life partner.
 id : 238141 ISBN : 0821757709  | name : Beneath the Silent Sea  |  description : The Chinese have launched their most lethal submarine in a clandestine attack on both the U.S. and the Soviet Union--just as peace talks between these two nations have begun. Now, to stop the Maoist fanatics, two world powers about to come together in peace must join forces in war. As they race toward a showdown in the perilous ocean depths, the ultimate thermonuclear endgame is about to be played for the highest stakes of all.
 id : 238144 ISBN : 0671552384  | name : Chicago Girls  |  description : At the 1892 Chicago World's Fair, the paths of millionaires, merchants, suffragettes, and courtesans converge and heiress Margaret Marsh and courtesan Gertrude Jahn seek a reliable security and an escape from shame
 id : 238151 ISBN : 0439327881  | name : Clifford Goes to Dog School  |  description : Auntie, who is a dog trainer, thinks Clifford needs to learn obedience, but to Emily Elizabeth the big red dog is perfect already.
 id : 238152 ISBN : 0689854501  | name : Angelica, Island Princess  |  description : Angelica is distressed when the Rugrats wander into the rain forest, despite her orders to stay put. She worries that her bossy ways may be lost forever . . . until she meets Debbie Thornberry, the bossiest teen in the wild. Full color.
 id : 238156 ISBN : 1889330590  | name : Passing the Word  |  description : The question "Can creative writing be taught?" has generated intense debate, with equally vocal partisans on each side. And yet little attention has been paid to what beginning writers might actually learn from established writers who teach for a living. Passing the Word addresses the sometimes ineffable relationship between writing student and teacher. In these pages distinguished writers explore the relevance of mentors in their education and development as writers. Each author contributes an essay and a story or poem, which together give a unique sense of the forces that shape a writer's craft and vision. What emerges is a new and rich definition of mentor, as it applies to the deeply human art of writing.
 id : 238157 ISBN : 0789466848  | name : Antarctic Adventure  |  description : Presents a brief account of the triumphs and tragedies of the explorers of the Antarctic.
 id : 238158 ISBN : 078945419X  | name : Wild Baby Animals  |  description : Describes some of the differences in the ways various baby animals--including monkeys, rhinos, wolves, seals, and elephants-- behave and grow.
 id : 238160 ISBN : 0789439948  | name : Duckling Days  |  description : Helping children learn to read, this Level 1 reader captivates them with eye-catching, full-color photos and plenty of word repetition to build their confidence. A mother duck builds her nest, lays her eggs, hatches six ducklings, and teaches them about life on their own.
 id : 238163 ISBN : 0486421805  | name : King Arthur  |  description : A facsimile of the edition prepared by Andrew Lang in the early 1900s about King Arthur, his heroic knights, and romantic residents of Camelot.
 id : 238166 ISBN : 0425159752  | name : Real Kids Real Adventures  |  description : A runaway school bus, a burning ship, and a deadly gas leak are the terrifying dangers that real youngsters face--and courageously conquer--in the newest thrilling book in the Real Kids Real Adventures series. Original.
 id : 238168 ISBN : 078600505X  | name : The Final Storm  |  description : North America has been reclaimed from the Soviet warlords, but deep in the frozen Siberian wastes, last-ditch elements of the Evil Empire plan to annihilate the Free World in one final rain of nuclear death. Now, Hawk Hunter, the Wingman, will undertake his most perilous mission -- an impossible 6,000 mile solo bombing run deep into the lethal heart of the enemy's homeland to save his country from extinction!
 id : 238170 ISBN : 0451202392  | name : Dire Straits  |  description : A ruthless extremist dedicated to turning Turkey from its Western allies has declared war against all who dare oppose him with a nuclear arsenal. It's up to the Talon Force to stop his doomsday plans before Turkey gets cooked....
 id : 238173 ISBN : 0812545966  | name : Lorena  |  description : Nurse Norena Blaire, a spy for the Union Army, falls in love with a Confederate surgeon during the waning days of the Civil War.
 id : 238174 ISBN : 0060287624  | name : I'm Gonna Like Me  |  description : Celebrate liking yourself! Through alternating points of view, a girl's and a boy's, Jamie Lee Curtis's triumphant text and Laura Cornell's lively artwork show kids that the key to feeling good is liking yourself because you are you. Like the duo's first New York Times best-seller, Today I Feel Silly and Other Moods That Make My Day, this is an inspired book to rejoice in and share. I'm Gonna Like Me will have kids letting off some self-esteem in no time!
 id : 238175 ISBN : 0451410068  | name : Shark Lake  |  description : Deep-sea diver Ben Gannon owes his life to his friend, Nick, who once saved him from certain death. So when Ben learns that Nick is being held in an African prison by rebel guerrillas, he vows to return the favor. But never had friendship required such courage--because Nick's makeshift cell is a dry well on a prison island surrounded by shark-infested waters.
 id : 238176 ISBN : 0312268866  | name : Banvard's Folly  |  description : The historical record crowns success. Those enshrined in its annals are men and women whose ideas, accomplishments, or personalities have dominated, endured, and most important of all, found champions. John F. Kennedy's Profiles in Courage, Giorgio Vasari's Lives of the Artists, and Samuel Johnson's Lives of the Poets are classic celebrations of the greatest, the brightest, the eternally constellated. Paul Collins' Banvard's Folly is a different kind of book. Here are thirteen unforgettable portraits of forgotten people: men and women who might have claimed their share of renown but who, whether from ill timing, skullduggery, monomania, the tinge of madness, or plain bad luck-or perhaps some combination of them all-leapt straight from life into thankless obscurity. Among their number are scientists, artists, writers, entrepreneurs, and adventurers, from across the centuries and around the world. They hold in common the silenced aftermath of failure, the name that rings no bells. Collins brings them back to glorious life. John Banvard was an artist whose colossal panoramic canvasses (one behemoth depiction of the entire eastern shore of the Mississippi River was simply known as "The Three Mile Painting") made him the richest and most famous artist of his day. . . before he decided to go head to head with P. T. Barnum. René Blondot was a distinguished French physicist whose celebrated discovery of a new form of radiation, called the N-Ray, went terribly awry. At the tender age of seventeen, William Henry Ireland signed "William Shakespeare" to a book and launched a short but meteoric career as a forger of undiscovered works by the Bard -- until he pushed his luck too far. John Symmes, a hero of the War of 1812, nearly succeeded in convincing Congress to fund an expedition to the North Pole, where he intended to prove his theory that the earth was hollow and ripe for exploitation; his quixotic quest counted Jules Verne and Edgar Allan Poe among its greatest admirers. Collins' love for what he calls the "forgotten ephemera of genius" give his portraits of these figures and the other nine men and women in Banvard's Folly sympathetic depth and poignant relevance. Their effect is not to make us sneer or revel in schadenfreude; here are no cautionary tales. Rather, here are brief introductions-acts of excavation and reclamation-to people whom history may have forgotten, but whom now we cannot.
 id : 238177 ISBN : 082172536X  | name : And So to Murder  |  description : When film fan Monica Stanton arrived at Pineham Studios, the last thing she had figured on was to be starring in someone else's sinister scenario--as the victim! Sir Henry Merrivale takes the case and is going to take real pleasure in unreeling a deadly plot on the studio lot.
 id : 238178 ISBN : 0486407861  | name : Captains Courageous  |  description : After being washed overboard from an ocean liner, fifteen-year-old Harvey Cheyne, spoiled son of a millionaire, is rescued by New England fishermen who put him to work on their boat.
 id : 238180 ISBN : 0520218965  | name : Life Stories  |  description : "This unusual collection of conversations with leading environmental thinkers breaks down the conventional separation between thinking and living. The presentations of ecological ideas are not only superior but often eloquent and powerful, and incorporate the latest information available. Since many of the chapters give quite full accounts of the interviewees' careers, the book will also provide inspiration to young readers." —Ernest Callenbach, author of Ecology: A Pocket Guide "The recurring theme of environmental emergency comes through loud and clear in all of the interviews, but this book also shows that it is people who make things happen, not the great gray 'they' or 'we.' We learn exactly who it was that discovered the hole in the ozone layer and who invented the ideas of Gaia and the Population Bomb. . . . If I had my way I would make this book required reading for students across all disciplines, because its message is profound, urgent, compelling, and relevant to everyone."—Anthony J. F. Griffiths, University of British Columbia, Winner of the Genetics Society of Canada Award of Excellence "Life Stories should be required reading. The reverence for life expressed by these heroes is deeply moving. Their fierce determination ought to inspire all of us as we confront the environmental challenges of the new millennium." —Denis Hayes, International Chair, Earth Day 2000 "We start the twenty-first century with a heightened awareness that our planet is under stress. Life Stories illustrates that the human spirit has the capacity to set forces in motion that will save our habitat. Heather Newbold introduces us to scientists who have probed the mysteries of our natural systems and taken action so our Earth can heal itself. As we meet them, our own hope for the future is inspired."—Peter A. A. Berle, host of The Environment Show on Public Radio "These mini-autobiographies are captivating, challenging, and worrisome. We can successfully meet the challenge, but will we? This is attention-grabbing stuff. Once you start reading this book it will capture and hold you to the last page."—Senator Gaylord Nelson, founder of Earth Day
 id : 238181 ISBN : 0486237257  | name : The Best Supernatural Tales of Arthur Conan Doyle  |  description : A collection of works dealing with the supernatural by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.
 id : 238182 ISBN : 0440397944  | name : The Young Lions  |  description : A lengthy novel about World War II that traces the lives of 3 combatants-2 Americans, one a Jew, and a Nazi.
 id : 238183 ISBN : 1571687300  | name : Skidboot, the Amazing Dog  |  description : Skidboot is no ordinary dog. He and owner David Hartwig travel the country to amaze and delight audiences. But David says that Skidboort doesn't do tricks. He just does what David asks him to do--simple as that. When the author met the duo, and saw some of the incredible tricks (tasks, that is) the dog could do, he knew that the story of Skidboot had to be shared. Not that he's unknown--Skidboot's appearances include The David Letterman Show, Inside Edition, The Tonight Show with Jay Leno, Animals are People Too as well as rodeos, fairs, and schools. Told in narrative form with Skidboot's thoughts suggested, this book unveils the personality and wonder of an amazing dog.
 id : 238184 ISBN : 0743410165  | name : The Will  |  description : Ambitious Chicago lawyer Henry Mathews returns to his hometown of Council Grove, Kansas, to execute the will of Tyler Crandall, the town's richest man. Crandall leaves his wealth to a homeless derelict called the Birdman. It becomes clear that locked behind the Birdman's madness is the key to the real history of Council Grove, and Henry is soon enmeshed in a web of long-hidden secrets.
 id : 238186 ISBN : 0486408949  | name : Great Speeches  |  description : Includes 27 masterly speeches: First Inaugural Address, message to Congress after Pearl Harbor ("a day that will live in infamy"), Fireside Chats, Fourth Inaugural Address, many more. Includes a selection from the Common Core State Standards Initiative.
 id : 238187 ISBN : 0897334639  | name : Murder at Heartbreak Hospital  |  description : On location of the filming of a TV soap opera, detective Bill Troy of the New York police investigates the murder of the leading lady, a bitchy actress whom many feared. The author is a veteran TV writer.
 id : 238189 ISBN : 0440311292  | name : Cassell's Compact Spanish-English, English-Spanish Dictionary  |  description : A concise lexicon providing meanings, parts of speech, and genders of English and Spanish words, with distinctions for South American usage
 id : 238190 ISBN : 0871566052  | name : The Sierra Club Home Planet Postcard Collection  |  description : The Sierra Club Home Planet Postcard Collection features a stunning selection of images from the bestselling work The Home Planet. Images and inspirational quotations from the international community of space exploration compose this stirring collection of portraits of our fragile home: Planet Earth. Here in 22 extraordinary ready-to-mail postcards is a visual testament to the common heritage of all humanity.
 id : 238193 ISBN : 0874066980  | name : The Hound of the Baskervilles  |  description : This special 100th anniversary edition of the only full-length Holmes novel includes a new afterword. The country doctor had come to 221B Baker Street, the famous lodgings of Sherlock Holmes, with an eerie tale -the legend of the devil-beast that haunted the lonely moors around the Baskervilles' ancestral home. The tale warned the descendants of that ancient family never to venture out on the moor "in those dark hours when the power of evil is exalted." But the most recent Baskerville, Sir Charles, was now dead -and the footprints of a giant hound had been found near his body. Would the new heir of the Baskervilles meet the same dreadful fate? Sherlock Holmes and his faithful friend Doctor Watson are faced with their most terrifying casein this wonderful classic of masterful detection and bone-chilling suspense.
 id : 238194 ISBN : 0679720383  | name : The Air & Space Catalog  |  description : A comprehensive sourcebook to air and space. Arranged in four sections: astronomy, weather, space flight, and aviation.
 id : 238197 ISBN : 0679773002  | name : William Cooper's Town  |  description : A dual history and biography profiles William Cooper, a shrewd land developer, presiding judge, and U.S. Congressman, against the backdrop of post-Revolutionary War America, and explains how his life reflected the nation.
 id : 238200 ISBN : 0142400580  | name : The Great Brain  |  description : In a small town in turn-of-the-century Utah, a precocious ten-year-old boy hatches scheme after scheme to gain prestige and money. Reissue.
 id : 238202 ISBN : 0842337237  | name : How to Study the Bible and Enjoy It  |  description : In his trademark clear, friendly style, Skip Heitzig (author of Jesus Up Close) provides simple, easy-to-use tools to unlock the riches of God's Word. He inspires readers to enjoy studying the Bible as they discover its extraordinary relevance and transforming power.
 id : 238206 ISBN : 0449149943  | name : Freedom to Kill  |  description : The thrilling Mike Devlin series continues--written by an ex-FBI agent with 20 years' experience in the field--as an Ebola-type virus is unleashed at Disney World; random car bombings take place on interstate highways; and children's medicine bottles are found tainted by poison. All this is the work of a demented but brilliant terrorist determined to blackmail the White House and bring the government to its knees. Racing against the clock, Devlin must overcome incredible odds to break the case before the madman holds hostage the security of the nation.
 id : 238207 ISBN : 0486422496  | name : The Story of My Life  |  description : Left blind, deaf, and mute after an illness in infancy, Helen Keller overcame her disabilities with the help of Anne Sullivan, her inspired teacher. This special large print edition of Keller's classic autobiography, first published in 1903, covers her first 22 years. This deeply moving memoir offers an unforgettable portrait of one of the 20th century's most remarkable women. Large print edition.
 id : 238208 ISBN : 0486417778  | name : Eight Great Sherlock Holmes Stories  |  description : Presents eight classic Sherlock Holmes' short stories including "The Red-headed League, ""The Adventure of the Dancing Men," and "The Musgrave Ritual."
 id : 238209 ISBN : 078670800X  | name : The Mammoth Book of UFOs  |  description : A guide to the history and background of the UFO phenomenon discusses instances of real-life experiences with alien abduction, crop circles, and cattle mutilation, in addition to an analysis of the many conspiracy theories that surround UFOs.
 id : 238211 ISBN : 0140096353  | name : The Titanic  |  description : An examination of the maiden voyage of the Titantic in 1912 which resulted in the deaths of 1522 people. Includes information from the Woods Hole expedition in 1985 which found and photographed the wreckage.
 id : 238214 ISBN : 037311012X  | name : Beware of Married Men  |  description : Beware Of Married Me by Elizabeth Oldfield released on Jul 24, 1987 is available now for purchase.
 id : 238215 ISBN : 0874777291  | name : Living Yoga  |  description : Essays discuss a life of service, the healing power of love, hatha yoga postures, meditation, spiritual relationships, money, and ecology
 id : 238221 ISBN : 0373164378  | name : Cinderella Mom  |  description : Cinderella Mom by Anne Henry released on Mar 25, 1992 is available now for purchase.
 id : 238224 ISBN : 0671622471  | name : Jean Renoir  |  description : 'Jean Renoir by Andre Bazin is the best book on the cinema, written by the best critic, about the best director. . . If this beautiful book is unfinished, consider it unfinished in the manner of A Day in the Country, which is to say this it is sufficient to itself and, even in its fragmentary state, the finest portrait of Jean Renoir ever written.' --- Francois Truffaut
 id : 238226 ISBN : 0395427398  | name : Seizing the Enigma  |  description : Focuses on the personalities involved in British efforts to break the German U-boat codes.
 id : 238227 ISBN : 0765302713  | name : Hunted Past Reason  |  description : The bestselling author of such classic novels as I Am Legend and What Dreams May Come, Richard Matheson is one of the twentieth century's acknowledged masters of suspense. Hunted Past Reason is a major literary event: Matheson's first new novel in seven years-and a gripping tale of madness, paranoia, and murder. It's supposed to be just an ordinary camping trip, two old acquaintances hiking through the wilderness toward a remote cabin in the woods of northern California. Bob Hansen, a middle-aged family man and author, isn't anticipating anything worse than sore muscles and maybe a few chilly nights. But the enforced isolation of the hike soon exposes long-hidden rivalries and resentments between Bob and his guide through the forest, a fading TV actor whom Bob has known for several years. The deeper they get into the primeval wilderness and the farther from civilization, the greater the tension between the two men becomes-until the simmering hostility erupts into a terrifying life-or-death struggle for survival. Two men entered the woods, but only one may emerge alive. Hunted Past Reason is a nail-biting thriller in the classic Matheson tradition.
 id : 238228 ISBN : 0671213717  | name : To Serve Them All My Days  |  description : A novel about a teacher and the great school whose headmaster he becomes.
 id : 238229 ISBN : 082651331X  | name : A Good-natured Riot  |  description : Wolfe recaptures the personalities and music of the early years of the longest-running radio show in history. 50 illustrations. Discography.
 id : 238230 ISBN : 0820306819  | name : Baptized in Blood  |  description : Charles Reagan Wilson documents that for over half a century there existed not one, but two civil religions in the United States, the second not dedicated to honoring the American nation. Extensively researched in primary sources, Baptized in Blood is a significant and well-written study of the South’s civil religion, one of two public faiths in America. In his comparison, Wilson finds the Lost Cause offered defeated Southerners a sense of meaning and purpose and special identity as a precarious but distinct culture. Southerners may have abandoned their dream of a separate political nation after Appomattox, but they preserved their cultural identity by blending Christian rhetoric and symbols with the rhetoric and imagery of Confederate tradition. “Civil religion” has been defined as the religious dimension of a people that enables them to understand a historical experience in transcendent terms. In this light, Wilson explores the role of religion in postbellum southern culture and argues that the profound dislocations of Confederate defeat caused southerners to think in religious terms about the meaning of their unique and tragic experience. The defeat in a war deemed by some as religious in nature threw into question the South’s relationship to God; it was interpreted in part as a God-given trial, whereby suffering and pain would lead Southerners to greater virtue and strength and even prepare them for future crusades. From this reflection upon history emerged the civil religion of the Lost Cause. While recent work in southern religious history has focused on the Old South period, Wilson’s timely study adds to our developing understanding of the South after the Civil War. The Lost Cause movement was an organized effort to preserve the memory of the Confederacy. Historians have examined its political, literary, and social aspects, but Wilson uses the concepts of anthropology, sociology, and historiography to unveil the Lost Cause as an authentic expression of religion. The Lost Cause was celebrated and perpetuated with its own rituals, mythology, and theology; as key celebrants of the religion of the Lost Cause, Southern ministers forged it into a religious movement closely related to their own churches. In examining the role of civil religion in the cult of the military, in the New South ideology, and in the spirit of the Lost Cause colleges, as well as in other aspects, Wilson demonstrates effectively how the religion of the Lost Cause became the institutional embodiment of the South’s tragic experience.
 id : 238231 ISBN : 0028642600  | name : Mistresses of Mayhem  |  description : "Profiles over one hundred women criminals, describing their lives, crimes, and prosecution; includes such individuals such as Lizzie Borden, Bonnie Parker, Amy Fisher, and Susan Smith. Also, includes members of groups such as "lethal nurses," "'Heavenly Creatures, '" "Manson Women," "Papin Sisters," and "Symbionese Liberation Army Women."
 id : 238232 ISBN : 1564408590  | name : How to Start a Home-based Mail-order Business  |  description : Since it requires limited overhead and can ususally be started with no staff, mail order is ideally suited to home-based entrepreneurs. Every aspect of what readers need to know to open and set up a home-based business is covered in this thoroughly detailed guide. 10 illustrations. Worksheets, checklists, & charts.
 id : 238233 ISBN : 071452896X  | name : Early Poems  |  description : Early works by one of Russia's most powerful living poets, from 1953 to 1967.
 id : 238234 ISBN : 1559703571  | name : Are We Not Men?  |  description : Are We Not Men?" You don't know if you should laugh or cry.
 id : 238235 ISBN : 0452268338  | name : Organizing Your Home Office for Success  |  description : Expert strategies that can work for you.
 id : 238238 ISBN : 1568330782  | name : The Last Voyage of the Lusitania  |  description : The terrifying story of the British ocean liner torpedoed and sunk by a German submarine on May 7, 1915.
 id : 238240 ISBN : 0028623460  | name : The Complete Idiot's Guide to British Royalty  |  description : This is a unique reference book about the ancient and modern British Royal Family and all the extrarordinary trappings and quaint customs that surround it.
 id : 238241 ISBN : 0743246969  | name : The Smoking Gun  |  description : "When Sandy Jones and her teenage son were accused of murdering a real estate developer on their hardscrabble Oregon farm, the prosecution had an eyewitness to the shooting and a photograph of Sandy holding a smoking rifle. County officials kept Sandy in jail while they awaited the trial, despite ballistic evidence that strongly suggested she hadn't fired the fatal shot. The case erupted into an epic struggle between Sandy - who was poor, different, and a woman - and the "good old boys" of Lincoln County, Oregon, who held all the power." "Though the Joneses' guilt seemed eminently clear to the county and the prosecution, Gerry Spence, renowned for his work on the cases of Karen Silkwood and Randy Weaver at Ruby Ridge, took the case pro bono and the courtroom battle exploded into three years of intensely moving jury trials, recounted here from the record of the case. The Smoking Gun follows Gerry Spence through his passionate arguments with two different judges and two different prosecutional teams, his exacting jury selection, his expert questioning of the witnesses, and his incredible rapport with the jury as he fights for the rights of Sandy and her son."--BOOK JACKET.Title Summary field provided by Blackwell North America, Inc. All Rights Reserved
 id : 238242 ISBN : 0312076371  | name : Murder in the Red Room  |  description : When the body of "Shondor Jack," a notorious Cleveland mobster, is discovered in the Red Room fatally stabbed, sleuthing First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt is soon investigating a list of distinguished suspects. 40,000 first printing. $20,000 ad/promo.
 id : 238243 ISBN : 0525946918  | name : I'm Not Slowing Down  |  description : The former Texas governor shares her personal battle with osteoporosis in a memoir that also provides guidelines on how to combat the impact of the disease, with tips on diet, exercise, medication, and other therapeutic options.
 id : 238245 ISBN : 0816146632  | name : Murder at the Palace  |  description : First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt attempts to solve the murder of one of the King's most trusted advisors in Buckingham Palace and to clear the name of the prime suspect, Sir Alan Burton of Scotland Yard, a long-time friend
 id : 238246 ISBN : 0380781751  | name : Elementary, Mrs. Hudson  |  description : Called in by old friend Vi Warner, who believes her employer has been murdered, a diligent Mrs. Hudson begins an investigation of the snobby upper-crust St. Clair family and uncovers evidence of a second murder. Original.
 id : 238248 ISBN : 1557504199  | name : Fire in the Wind  |  description : The story of a trail-blazing female combat photographer.
 id : 238249 ISBN : 0440236096  | name : Raid!  |  description : The orders came from Patton himself: Take a strike force behind enemy lines--with no air or ground support--and liberate a POW camp at Hammelburg, where Patton's son-in-law was held. Captain Abe Baum and an armored task force answered the call, crashing through an enemy-held town, plunging into German territory, and fighting their way to Hammelburg. With the German army closing in around them, the raiders kept going, until they had liberated 1,500 prisoners of war. Baum's Raiders had just achieved an impossible objective. Now they had to get back out....RAID! Written by the men who were there, Raid! is the gripping real-life story of a controversial mission in the heart of World War II. From the belly of a Sherman Tank pelted with enemy fire to the POWs waiting behind barbed wire, this is a thrilling, you-are-there chronicle of human courage--in the face of impossible odds.
 id : 238250 ISBN : 0516078461  | name : Little Brown Bear Has Fun at the Park  |  description : Little Brown Bear is afraid to go down the big slide at the park, so he and Mama Bear go down the slide together and then he is not afraid anymore.
 id : 238251 ISBN : 091242320X  | name : Beyond Chaos  |  description : This daring and thought-provoking chronicle encourages readers, both the healthy and the unhealthy, to become open, honest, and courageous in dealing with the sensitive issues surrounding a life invaded by chronic illness.
 id : 238253 ISBN : 0425058557  | name : The Passion Factor  |  description : Explains why many love affairs begin at work, looks at case studies of office romances, and speculates on what careers are most likely to spawn illicit affairs
 id : 238255 ISBN : 0452272688  | name : The Loss That Is Forever  |  description : Who one becomes, how one loves, how one parents, and what one believes about the world are all shaped by the experience of a parent's early death. For anyone who has survived the early loss of a parent--as well as for those with a spouse, friend, or lover who has lost a parent in childhood--this moving and powerful book is an important guide to discovery and understanding. Written by a clinical psychologist who has penned three other books.
 id : 238256 ISBN : 0140050434  | name : The Bereaved Parent  |  description : Offers guidance to parents facing the imminent death of a child, shocked by an accidental death, or suffering post-funerary turmoil, grief, and depression, and shows a way through the day-to-day hardships and decisions
 id : 238259 ISBN : 0821741179  | name : Over Here, Over There  |  description : Examines the efforts of the Andrews Sisters and other USO performers to entertain servicemen during World War II.
 id : 238260 ISBN : 1929266014  | name : The Rhythm of Life  |  description : Once in a while, perhaps every ten years or so, a book comes along that perfectly defines the problems of an age and provides appropriate solutions to those problems. This is that book. Beginning with his own remarkable story of how his rise as an internationally renowned speaker and author became a roller-coaster ride, and ultimately a personal crisis, Matthew Kelly sets the stage to examine the lifestyle issues that characterize our age.
 id : 238261 ISBN : 0141001836  | name : A Thief in the Night  |  description : “A model of investigatory journalism and a small masterpiece of the genre.”—Anthony Burgess On the eve of September 28, 1978, John Paul I died unexpectedly—apparently of a heart attack—after a reign of only 33 days. But within the Vatican there were serious disagreements about the time of death, who found the body, and the true state of the Pope’s health prior to his death. These arguments led to rumors of foul play and conspiracy—variously involving the KGB, the Freemasons, crooked financiers, and Vatican officials. In 1987, the Vatican invited New York Times–bestselling author John Cornwell to conduct a new, independent investigation into the true circumstances of the Pope’s death. In A Thief in the Night: Life and Death in the Vatican, Cornwell tells the story of his search, including a startling theory about Pope Paul I’s untimely demise—and a chilling and unprecedented look inside one of the world’s oldest, most secretive institutions. “As brilliantly written as a prize-winning mystery story.”—Andrew Greeley “Brilliant . . . this marvelous and compelling investigation has a terrible ring of truth.”—The Times (London)
 id : 238262 ISBN : 0373252005  | name : Something to Treasure  |  description : Something To Treasur by Rita Clay Estrada released on Jan 24, 1986 is available now for purchase.
 id : 238263 ISBN : 0898794439  | name : Creating Poetry  |  description : How to begin a poem, use word combinations and new forms, apply the lessons from master poets to individual poems, choose and use images and words carefully, and much more.
 id : 238265 ISBN : 0441370667  | name : If the Stars are Gods  |  description : The complete version of the unforgettable masterpiece that went from Nebula Award-winner to a timeless classic. Aliens have come to Earth in search of a man who knows the stars, and that man is Bradley Reynolds. They want to know whether the sun loves us. And what Reynolds finds in the end is a transformation so glorious as to be far beyond his capacity to dream--a universe where beings are collected like songs.
 id : 238267 ISBN : 0912423242  | name : Celebrate Life  |  description : A cheerful, practical guide to facing daily life with a chronic illness, written by a registered nurse and lecturer who has lupus and fibromyalgia.
 id : 238268 ISBN : 0806942002  | name : 5-minute Massage  |  description : Think you're too busy to enjoy a massage? Not anymore! If you have five minutes, you have enough time to rejuvenate your body and mind naturally with short, simple self-massage sequences that you can do fully clothed, anytime, anywhere -- at home, in the office, and even while travelling. -- back cover.
 id : 238269 ISBN : 0671017608  | name : I Think I'm Outta Here  |  description : A memoir in which actor Carroll O'Connor recalls his life, discussing his service in the merchant marine during World War II, his education and early career in Dublin, and his years on "All in the Family"; and sharing the painful story of his son's cocaine addiction and suicide.
 id : 238270 ISBN : 1881164004  | name : Murder in Amsterdam  |  description : Contains the complete text of the first two 'DeKok' stories DeKokk And The Sunday Strangler and DeKok And The Corpse On Christmas Eve. The book is currently in its third American printing.
 id : 238273 ISBN : 0312927495  | name : Hatteras Blue  |  description : Cape Hatteras, off the North Carolina coast, is known as the Graveyard of the Atlantic. Salvage diver Tiller Galloway discovers that his search for a wrecked boat may get him killed when a treacherous secret resurfaces. "Highly authentic thriller that crackles with energy. . . ".--Greg Dinallo, author of Purpose of Evasion. Martin's.
 id : 238275 ISBN : 1932475001  | name : Corn Maiden  |  description : This very feminine "retro" story is told in a lyrical stream of consciousness narrative. Joyce Jones has woven an intricate tapestry of psychology and legend in the vivid colors of a Pacific Northwest setting.
 id : 238276 ISBN : 0786201940  | name : The Memoirs of Charles Henry Veil  |  description : A colorful and revealing memoir by a U.S. Army officer who fought throughout the Civil War and who went on to serve in the Arizona territory in its wildest and wooliest days, this well-documented history reads like an adventure story. 8 pages of photos. Map.
 id : 238277 ISBN : 1873176406  | name : Shibboleth  |  description : The autobiography of Jeremy John Ratter, aka Penny Rimbaud, the co-founder of the now legendary Stonehenge Festival and founder, lyricist and drummer of Crass, a band unique in the history of rock 'n' roll. Despite remaining on their own independent record label and refusing any interviews with the mainstream press, the band still managed to sell literally millions of records.
 id : 238278 ISBN : 1578564867  | name : When the Belly Button Pops, the Baby's Done  |  description : A humorous and practical month-by-month guide for Christian moms-to-be combines health and fitness advice, pregnancy information, and encouraging spiritual tips in a volume that covers such topics as maternity fashions, sex during pregnancy, and naming the baby. Original.
 id : 238280 ISBN : 0140445617  | name : Don Quixote  |  description : Miguel de Cervantes's mock-epic masterwork, Don Quixote was voted the greatest book of all time by the Nobel Institute, and this Penguin Classics edition is translated with an introduction and notes by John Rutherford. Don Quixote has become so entranced by reading romances of chivalry that he determines to become a knight errant and pursue bold adventures, accompanied by his squire, the cunning Sancho Panza. As they roam the world together, the aging Quixote's fancy leads them wildly astray, tilting at windmills, fighting with friars, and distorting the rural Spanish landscape into a fantasy of impenetrable fortresses and wicked sorcerers. At the same time the relationship between the two men grows in fascinating subtlety. Often considered to be the first modern novel, Don Quixote is a wonderful burlesque of the popular literature its disordered protagonist is obsessed with. John Rutherford's landmark translation does full justice to the energy and wit of Cervantes's prose, and this edition of Don Quixote won the 2002 Premio Valle Inclan prize for translation. His introduction discusses the traditional works parodied in Don Quixote and issues of literary translation. Miguel de Cervantes Saaverda's (1547-1616) life was occupied with a struggle to earn a livelihood from literature and humble government employment. As well as Don Quixote, he wrote a number of plays and a collection of highly accomplished short stories, Exemplary Tales (1613). If you enjoyed Don Quixote, you might like Homer's Odyssey, also available in Penguin Classics. 'John Rutherford makes Don Quixote funny and readable ... His Quixote can be pompous, imposingly learned, secretly fearful, mad and touching.' Colin Burrow, The Times Literary Supplement
 id : 238282 ISBN : 0312953267  | name : Whad'ya Knowledge?  |  description : A collection of unusual trivia based on a popular radio quiz show features the answers to questions including "What percentage of Americans get one-third of their water intake from beer?" among others. Original.
 id : 238287 ISBN : 0863040764  | name : Knowing how to Know  |  description : Contemporary esoteric systems almost invariably play on the desire of mankind to seek or acquire knowledge. Almost universally neglected in such systems are the -- often unrecognised -- barriers which prevent knowledge and understanding. Before learning can take place, certain conditions and basic factors must be in place; in the individual or the group. Building on the foundations laid in Learning how to Learn and The Commanding Self, Idries Shah in Knowing how to Know illuminates those factors. Like an ultra-violet light shone onto the petals of flowers, it reveals concealed patterns, normally invisible to our customary modes of thought. -- Publisher description.
 id : 238288 ISBN : 0060009802  | name : One Hot Summer  |  description : Facing discontentment in her thirties, Margarita finds herself falling back in love with a college flame, a situation that compromises her marriage and forces her to choose between her family and the passion of her life, while her friends Vivian and Anabel traverse similar journeys of self discovery. 35,000 first printing.
 id : 238302 ISBN : 1401300448  | name : Hot Plastic  |  description : Kevin's dad, Jerry, is a crook. And he taught his son every trick in the book. Masters of identity theft, Kevin and Jerry move from one seedy motel to another, always trying for the big score. Colette is a runaway who dreams of conning her way into the upper echelons of high society. Just a teenager, she's already a tough and talented grifter, and soon becomes Jerry's girlfriend and accomplice. When Jerry is arrested, Colette makes Kevin her willing shill, dragging him along in her endless pursuit of sophistication. Meanwhile, Kevin's compulsive pursuit of new cons, bolder hoaxes, and better forgeries leads them to violent and unimagined retributions. When Jerry is released on parole, the three are reunited for one final scam, a patchwork of old and new techniques that should set them all up for life. The question is, would they rather work together or show each other up Hot Plastic is a hugely satisfying suspense novel about family and criminal intent from a fresh new voice.
 id : 238307 ISBN : 3453177606  | name : Tom Clancy's Special net force  |  description : Ein Computerspiel im Internet begeistert im Jahr 2025 zahllose Fans. Doch plötzlich ereignen sich seltsame Dinge: Computer werden zerstört, Spieler werden von einem Unbekannten attackiert und verletzt. Ein neuer Fall für die Spezialisten der Net Force.
 id : 238308 ISBN : 068418852X  | name : Natural Prey  |  description : Private eye Dan Roman tracks down a runaway husband and delivers him to his family's doorstep only to find he has been murdered within hours of his homecoming.
 id : 238311 ISBN : 0684192624  | name : September Song  |  description : Texas private detective Dan Roman loves his ex-wife, even though she has remarried, and he must protect her from men against whom she had testified, despite a new husband who thinks protecting her is his job
 id : 238312 ISBN : 0340717378  | name : 'Bandit Country'  |  description : 'Tremendous ... If you are to read only one book about the modern IRA, this should be it' Irish Times South Armagh was described as 'Bandit Country' by Merlyn Rees when he was Northern Ireland Secretary and for nearly three decades it has been the most dangerous posting in the world for a British soldier. Toby Harnden has stripped away the myth and propaganda associated with South Armagh to produce one of the most compelling and important books of the Troubles. Drawing on secret documents and interviews in South Armagh's recent history, he tells the inside story of how the IRA came close to bringing the British state to its knees. For the first time, the identities of the men behind the South Quay and Manchester bombings are revealed. Packed with new information, 'BANDIT COUNTRY' penetrates the IRA and the security forces in South Armagh.
 id : 238313 ISBN : 0152003932  | name : The Secret of Sarah Revere  |  description : Paul Revere's daughter describes her father's "rides" and the intelligence network of the patriot community prior to the American Revolution.
 id : 238317 ISBN : 0312168012  | name : The Cleveland Local  |  description : While trying to investigate the death of up-and-coming attorney Joel Kerner, Jr., on the Caribbean island of San Carlos, private detective Milan Jacovich is surprised to uncover Cleveland mob and union connections. 10,000 first printing.
 id : 238319 ISBN : 3855021910  | name : Die letzten Paradiese der Schweiz  |  description : Analyse: Nord-Vaudois et Broye, p. 52-60.
 id : 238320 ISBN : 0441569412  | name : The Net  |  description : Fabulously wealthy Jason Horichi, falling into a life of crime to satisfy a thirst for adventure, enters a dark realm of dangerous double-dealing and bizarre vengeance when she becomes involved with a telepath
 id : 238322 ISBN : 081440359X  | name : Fatal Illusions  |  description : Addresses management attitudes about quality, communication, and employees that can damage an organization's earnings, customer relations, and morale
 id : 238323 ISBN : 0345367367  | name : 20/20 Vision  |  description : The wonder of time travel and the intrigue of a hard-boiled whodunit meet in this work in which attempts to travel back in time to solve an unsolved crime could alter the course of history
 id : 238324 ISBN : 2743607114  | name : Le couperet  |  description : Cadre supérieur dans une usine de papier pendant vingt-cinq ans, Burke Devore vient d'être licencié. Pas pour faute professionnelle. Non, il est tout simplement victime des compressions, dégraissages, restructurations. Avec la perte de son emploi, c'est toute l'existence de Burke qui s'écroule. Pour retrouver ce " bonheur " qu'il estime avoir mérité par son labeur, il est prêt à tout. Même à franchir les barrières de la morale. Mais quelle morale, au fait ? Donald Westlake a choisi de faire le procès du monde terrifiant dans lequel nous vivons, uniquement axé sur la course au profit. Il s'attaque au problème du chômage sous un angle pour le moins inattendu. Ce roman a été unanimement loué par la critique.
 id : 238325 ISBN : 0451451619  | name : Lady El  |  description : Enraged that her creator does not really love her, Lady El, a poor black woman whose brain has been hooked up to a computer system after her body died in a freak subway accident, wreaks havoc on the world. Original.
 id : 238326 ISBN : 0345255054  | name : The Jupiter Theft  |  description : Science fiction-roman.
 id : 238327 ISBN : 0886772079  | name : Godslayer  |  description : Mickey Zucker Reichert makes her smash debut with this exciting novel of an all-too-mortal human caught in the middle of a war between the gods. Al Larson, an American soldier in Vietnam, must adapt to a world where magic and sword blades, not machine guns and missiles, are the chosen weapons of war.
 id : 238330 ISBN : 0345324978  | name : Highway of Eternity  |  description : Two time-traveling humans become involved in a series of adventurous encounters.
 id : 238334 ISBN : 2020581167  | name : La muraille invisible  |  description : Tynnes Falk, informaticien, s'écroule mort devant un distributeur bancaire. Au même moment, deux adolescentes tuent sauvagement un chauffeur de taxi. Le lendemain, on découvre le corps de l’une d’elles calciné sur des câbles à haute tension, ainsi que celui de Falk, volé à la morgue et amputé de deux doigts.Un jeune hacker surdoué découvre dans l’ordinateur de Falk que quelque chose doit se passer le 20 octobre... Pour le commissaire Wallander, le compte à rebours a commencé.
 id : 238336 ISBN : 0020315902  | name : Eye in the Sky  |  description : "While sightseeing at the Belmont Bevatron, Jack Hamilton, along with seven others, is caught in a lab accident. When he regains consciousness, he is in a fantasy world of Old Testament morality gone awry - a place of instant plagues, immediate damnations, and death to all perceived infidels. Hamilton figures out how he and his compatriots can escape this world and return to their own, but first they must pass through three other vividly fantastical worlds, each more perilous and hilarious than the one before."--BOOK JACKET.
 id : 238337 ISBN : 0523485867  | name : Touch the Stars  |  description : A secret cartel of the world's richest men are determined to stop Jason Roanhorse, the Apache space industrialist responsible for the development of a revolutionary warp drive
 id : 238338 ISBN : 0812553764  | name : Berserker Fury  |  description : Intelligent, space-faring killing machines whose sole purpose is to destroy all biological life, the Berserkers have developed units that can pass for human-created androids to be used to for an all-out attack on humankind, but the humans are one step ahead. Reprint.
 id : 238341 ISBN : 0345245865  | name : Slave Ship  |  description : The electronic brain machines have broken codes, translated one human language into another, and deciphered animal languages.
 id : 238342 ISBN : 0399136592  | name : Rock Solid  |  description : A gripping police procedural (as told to Dolph LeMoult) of how detective Bose and sergeant Barchiesi spent three years and eight months chipping away at the foundations of Rock Solid, an empire and drug fortress named for kingpin Tito Lopez' special brand of cocaine sold in Alphabet City, a seedy section of Manhattan's Lower East Side. Annotation copyrighted by Book News, Inc., Portland, OR
 id : 238345 ISBN : 1558172939  | name : Trail Town  |  description : Sheriff Dan Mitchell attempts to soothe the growing conflict between the lawless cowboys and the supposedly respectable citizens and finds himself caught in the middle
 id : 238348 ISBN : 075820292X  | name : Underdog  |  description : When her course at Connecticut's classiest dog obedience school is interrupted by a murder, amateur sleuth Melanie Travis, accompanied by companion Sam Driver, enters the championship circuit and discovers a wealth of suspects. Reprint.
 id : 238350 ISBN : 0812523822  | name : To Fear The Light  |  description : Two hundred years ago, Adela de Montgarde, the brilliant astrophysicist, conceived the centuries-long plan to forestall the death of Earth's sun, thus preserving the original genetic material of the Empire of the Hundred Worlds-and of the Emperors who enabled her visionary plan. Now Adela emerges from cold sleep to oversee the final stages of her great work. She awakens to an Empire transformed: her son Eric is Emporer, faster-than-light travel has finally been achieved, and humanity has spilled out to innumerable new planets, far beyond the Empire's Hundred Worlds. In the twilight of the Empire, human and alien factions vie for advantage, while Adela's awesome feat of stellar engineering approaches its final fruition: the preservation and re-invigoration of the fearsome light at the heart of humanity's first solar system...the saving of Earth's Sun.
 id : 238351 ISBN : 0949892564  | name : Vegetarian Cooking  |  description : To forgo meat is not to forgo taste and variety. This collection of vegetarian dishes should be useful for both home meals and impressive entertaining.
 id : 238352 ISBN : 0553575759  | name : Circle of One  |  description : Jenny Sixta, a telepath specializing in reading the final thoughts of murder victims to discover the identities of their attackers, works for the LAPD Homicide Bureau, but now a serial killer is leaving telepathic clues in the minds of his victims--all addressed to her. Original.
 id : 238354 ISBN : 088038915X  | name : Warsprite  |  description : Two robots from the future crash in Wyoming, and Delta, the one with the ability to think, is assigned to hunt down the other, which is only programmed to destroy
 id : 238355 ISBN : 0373059418  | name : The Rebel and the Hero  |  description : The Rebel And The Hero by Helen R. Myers released on May 25, 1995 is available now for purchase.
 id : 238356 ISBN : 0380418487  | name : Asimov on Physics  |  description : Mr. Asimov deals with key discoveries, advances, and theories in modern physics
 id : 238358 ISBN : 0441218903  | name : Expanded Universe  |  description : "The Wit and Wisdom of Robert A. Heinlein, author of multiple New York Times best sellers, on subjects ranging from Crime and Punishment to the Love life of the American Teenager; from Nuclear Power to the Pragmatics of Patriotism; from Prophecy to Destiny; from Geopolitics to Post-Holocaust America; from the Nature of Courage to the Nature of Reality; it's all here and it's all great - straight from the mind of the finest science fiction writer of them all."--BOOK JACKET.
 id : 238359 ISBN : 2842610016  | name : Tour de France, tour de souffrance  |  description : En 1924, Albert Londres publie dans le Petit parisien, un reportage devenu légendaire sur le Tour de France. Etape par étape, il suit les coureurs avec cette curiosité, cette passion et cette fausse naïveté qui l'ont rendu célèbre et nous fait partager au ras du bitume le quotidien de ces héros de la Petite Reine. Départs nocturnes, mécaniques défaillantes, règlements insensés des organisateurs qui veulent du spectacle, grogne et dignité de sportifs qui doivent être tout à la fois mécaniciens, géographes, aventuriers, et qui restent avant tout des hommes... Londres voit tout, rapporte tout, dénonce tout, avec son style inimitable, sa drôlerie et sa tendresse. Une magistrale leçon d'esprit sportif.
 id : 238360 ISBN : 0843944935  | name : Abiding Hope  |  description : From the author of "Love & Honor, Defiant Hearts" and "Abiding Love" comes the tale of a beautiful young schoolteacher who falls for a handsome carpenter with a painful past.
 id : 238361 ISBN : 0505521938  | name : Molly in the Middle  |  description : Molly, a Scottish border collie working as a sheepdog for her mistress Miren, knew that the two of them were stuck chasing the flock until they found some other means of livelihood. So Molly was tickled pink when Nathan MacCullum came into Miren's life. But Nathan had some unresolved issues concerning righting family wrongs.
 id : 238365 ISBN : 0812540638  | name : Anvil of the Heart  |  description : In the year 2057, John Cunningham finds himself--as a human--one of the last of an old race, superseded by a new form of human being created by genetic engineering
 id : 238367 ISBN : 1592865046  | name : This Dream I Give to You  |  description : This book is about two realities: the reality you experience when you are dreaming and the reality you experience when you are in the waking world. When you dream, it all makes sense. When you are awake, it does not, and you attempt to see the sense or logic of the experience. Perhaps the two realities are in some way bound. In this book you will find many experiences that will inspire your realities. This book is about the dreaming part of your mind that never sleeps. A boy and his spirit guide, who takes the form of a toy, journey through the greatest experiences a person may treasure. They encounter animals who speak and characters that create wonder. Throughout their journey enlightening occasions turn them to the necessities of a life that includes great sacrifice and endless possibilities of how wonderful life can be.
 id : 238368 ISBN : 0345375548  | name : A Maze of Stars  |  description : The ship's millenia-long mission was to preserve humanity. But humanity was becoming more alien, and the ship--impossibly--more human...
 id : 238369 ISBN : 0312877811  | name : The Spike  |  description : This study of scientific breakthroughs that are changing the way we live, where we live, how we dress, and how we communicate presents a variety of wonders and dangers that can accompany those changes.
 id : 238370 ISBN : 0441810144  | name : The Time Bender  |  description : Lafayette O'Leary travels to a strange primitive world through self-hypnosis and is forced to fight for his life against brutal warriors
 id : 238371 ISBN : 0445202335  | name : It Came from Schenectady  |  description : A collection of outstanding science fiction tales by the Hugo, Nebula, and Campbell Award winner includes "Catch the Sun," "Adagio," "The House of If," and "The Portrait of Baron Negay"
 id : 238372 ISBN : 0345378288  | name : A Plague of Change  |  description : As the far-flung human colonies beyond the antimatter known as the Reef begin to die out--the victims of plagues, decreased trade, and crime--computer prodigy Bass Cannon realizes that only the psatla, humans' worst enemies, can help them. Original.
 id : 238373 ISBN : 0943233526  | name : Love, Judy  |  description : An invaluable resource for breast cancer patients, family, friends as well as nurses, doctors, psychologists, and cancer support group leaders. Hart's personal story of successfully battling cancer helps readers develop their own best resources by offering a wide variety of healing attitudes, techniques, and suggestions.
 id : 238374 ISBN : 0385497237  | name : The Money-whipped Steer-job Three-jack Give-up Artist  |  description : Bobby Joe Grooves is trying hard for a spot on the Ryder Cup team, but he's held back by two ex-wives and a girlfriend; "a completely rational fear of reptiles; tempting but dangerous groupies; and his embarrassing lack of a career major."--Jacket.
 id : 238375 ISBN : 020155805X  | name : Computer-related Risks  |  description : Based on data gathered by the author as part of ACM's International Risks Forum, this book contains accounts of mishaps attributed to computers and the people using them--some humorous, and some tragic. Neumann characterizes different kinds of computer-related risks, discusses risk causes and effects, and considers their implications. He also suggests ways to minimize risks in the future.
 id : 238376 ISBN : 0812923138  | name : Adventures in Porkland  |  description : Describes examples of government waste, looks at how pet projects are added to appropriation bills, and suggests ways to reduce the deficit
 id : 238378 ISBN : 0791011151  | name : Arthur Ashe  |  description : Presents the life of an important black athlete and tennis player, Arthur Ashe.
 id : 238381 ISBN : 1555465617  | name : South Central  |  description : Discusses the geographical, historical, and cultural aspects of Louisiana, Arkansas, Missouri, Kansas, and Oklahoma, using maps, illustrated fact spreads, and other illustrated material to highlight the land, history, and people of each individual state.
 id : 238384 ISBN : 0553268538  | name : Memory Wire  |  description : Raymond Keller volunteers to become an Eye, an unfeeling recorder, in order to forget, but he meets Teresa, a young artist who uses alien dreaming jewels in order to remember
 id : 238387 ISBN : 0879757264  | name : SOS Sobriety  |  description : In this controversial book, the founder of S.O.S.--Secular Organizations for Sobriety, or "Save Our Selves"--describes his "sobriety priority" approach to abstinence and attacks programs that promote "controlled drinking" for alcoholics and that insist alcoholism is a behavioral problem rather than a physiological and genetic one.
 id : 238390 ISBN : 0553272888  | name : Minds, Machines and Evolution  |  description : Short stories deal with a child's robot friend, clones, cavemen, a political conspiracy, and time travel, and are accompanied by essays on nuclear energy, artificial intelligence, and scientific mysticism
 id : 238392 ISBN : 0553572547  | name : Furious Gulf  |  description : The passengers on the spaceship Argo, pursued by hostile "mechs," must face their doubts about their captain's obsession with finding the galaxy's True Center, an obsession that even troubles the captain's son
 id : 238395 ISBN : 0723234906  | name : The Tale of Mrs. Tiggy-Winkle  |  description : Lucie visits the laundry of Mrs. Tiggy-Winkle, a hedgehog, and finds her lost handkerchiefs.
 id : 238397 ISBN : 0517425254  | name : The Dinosaur Book  |  description : Traces the development of life on earth, from the first living things through early plants, land animals, lizards, and mammals, to the appearance of man.
 id : 238400 ISBN : 0812525795  | name : Specimens  |  description : Dan Post and his small children are building a 19th-century farmhouse in an affluent Chicago suburb. It was a real bargain--for its last owner was a violently insane suicide. This doesn't bother the children, but Dan begins to suffer nightmares of pursuit, capture, and torture by a huge insectile robot. . . .
 id : 238401 ISBN : 0723206104  | name : The Tale of Little Pig Robinson  |  description : Little pig Robinson goes to market for his aunts and, after a series of unexpected and amazing adventures, including an unexpected sea voyage, settles to a pleasant life on an island in the South Seas.
 id : 238404 ISBN : 0345306066  | name : Moon of Mutiny  |  description : Fred Halpern disobeys orders for the second time in his ill-fated space career when a mysterious rocket crash endangers the lives of crew members.
 id : 238406 ISBN : 0531047377  | name : The South Central States  |  description : A history of the region plus profiles of Texas, Arkansas, Oklahoma, and Louisiana.
 id : 238407 ISBN : 0674242416  | name : Einstein's Greatest Blunder?  |  description : This book, by the award-winning science writer Donald Goldsmith, takes on key questions about the origin and evolution of the cosmos. By clearly laying out what we currently know about the universe as a whole, Goldsmith lets us see firsthand, and judge for ourselves, whether modern cosmology is in a state of crisis. Einstein's Greatest Blunder? puts the biggest subject of all - the story of the universe as scientists understand it - within the grasp of English-speaking earthlings.
 id : 238409 ISBN : 087518426X  | name : Indianapolis  |  description : Explores the city of Indianapolis, both past and present, describing neighborhoods, attractions, festivals, and historic sites.
 id : 238412 ISBN : 0373194811  | name : Raffling Ryan  |  description : In the last book of the delightful Chandlers Request trilogy, Ryan Chandler -- otherwise known as "Hunk Number 22" -- is appearing on the auction block for charity. Janna Monroe, prepared to outbid all comers, has prepared a list of her expectations for her day of "ownership". Ryan must be prepared to: Provide tall handyman services; Become a respectable role model for Janna's nine-going-on-thirty growing boy; Provide adequate shelter after aforementioned handyman services cause destruction of household; Furnish unforgettable kisses; and Consider staying for a lifetime . . .
 id : 238414 ISBN : 0531109070  | name : Violence and Sports  |  description : An examination of the causes and effects of the violence that occurs in sports both among athletes and fans.
 id : 238415 ISBN : 0441004288  | name : Timegates  |  description : Twelve dimension-shattering tales of time travel, featuring John Varley, Ursula K. LeGuin, Joe Haldeman, Avram Davidson, Damon Knight, Nancy Kress, R.A. Lafferty, Jack McDevitt, Bridget McKenna, Richard McKenna, Charles Sheffield, and James Tiptree, Jr. These stories take readers from everyday reality into the infinite vistas of time and space--as far as the man can reach.
 id : 238416 ISBN : 0882704176  | name : Yes Yes Living in a No No World  |  description : You are about to enter into a new level of living. Somewhere in the pages of this book, it will suddenly happen to you. "Yes Yes Living" will become more than a phrase. It will become a never-ending source of personal energy, motivation and love. Discover it for yourself as you begin to apply Yes Yes Living to every area of your life.
 id : 238420 ISBN : 0380718863  | name : Future Quartet  |  description : Based on technological and scientific forecasts, four science fiction authors--Ben Bova, Frederik Pohl, Jerry Pournelle, and Charles Sheffield--offer their views of the future
 id : 238422 ISBN : 067165599X  | name : Retief in the Ruins  |  description : As well as a treasure trove of historical artifacts free for the taking, the alien Groaci find the planet Popu-Ri just the place to build a galactic war fleet. How can the CDT answer this threat without upsetting the delicate Human/Groaci balance on the cocktail circuit? The answer: send Retief!
 id : 238424 ISBN : 0812553292  | name : Blue Death  |  description : To avenge the death of his daughter, Niles Domingo sets out through the interstellar mists of the Milkpail Galaxy in search of the berserker death machine
 id : 238427 ISBN : 0441002552  | name : Hard Drive  |  description : From David Pogue, contributing editor to Macworld, comes this gripping thriller of a computer virus that explodes into a global plague threatening to infect every financial and military computer system in the world. It is a race between man and machine, as millions of dollars and countless human lives could be lost in the single pulse of a microchip.
 id : 238430 ISBN : 0913546569  | name : Openness Mind  |  description : This practical guide to Tibetan Buddhist meditation is designed for intermediate-level meditators.
 id : 238433 ISBN : 042512780X  | name : Mindmapping  |  description : With the whole-brain thinking techniques of Mindmapping, you can break down the critical blocks that hinder free thinking and discover a whole world of solutions and ideas. Let Mindmapping lead you to creative problem solving, clearer decision making, innovative thinking and brainstorming, improved memory and concentration, and better organization skills. You’ll discover how these remarkable techniques can begin a chain reaction of good ideas, which lead to more good ideas. The wonder of Mindmapping is limitless. Get ready for an excursion into creative thinking—and don’t forget your map!
 id : 238434 ISBN : 0609804839  | name : Emotionally Intelligent Parenting  |  description : Have you, as a parent, ever found yourself treating your children in a way you would never tolerate from someone else? The authors of Emotionally Intelligent Parenting call for a new Golden Rule: Do unto your children as you would have other people do unto your children. And most important, they show us how to live by it. Based upon extensive research, firsthand experience, and case studies, Emotionally Intelligent Parenting breaks the mold of traditional parenting books by taking into account the strong role of emotions -- those of parents and children -- in psychological development. With this book, parents will learn how to communicate with children on a deeper, more gratifying level and how to help them successfully navigate the intricacies of relating to others. The authors take the five basic principles of Daniel Goleman's best-seller, Emotional Intelligence, and explain how they can be applied to successful parenting. To this end, the book offers suggestions, stories, dialogues, activities, and a special section of Sound EQ Parenting Bites to help parents use their emotions in the most constructive ways, focusing on such everyday issues as sibling rivalry, fights with friends, school situations, homework, and peer pressure. In the authors' extensive experience, children respond quickly to these strategies, their self-confidence is strengthened, their curiosity is piqued, and they learn to assert their independence while developing their ability to make responsible choices.
 id : 238435 ISBN : 0425087360  | name : Circuit  |  description : Justice Cabot Huntington of the Fifteenth Circuit Court, whose jurisdiction is space, uses his power to oppose a joint US/USSR plot to destroy a rebel moon colony
 id : 238436 ISBN : 0517336359  | name : Isaac Asimov's Science Fiction Treasury  |  description : This giant volume combines two collections of the best science fiction stories from the fifties, sixties, and seventies, edited and with an introduction by the incomparable Isaac Asimov. These thrilling and sometimes frightening visions of the future include: • "The Last Question" by Isaac Asimov • "Who's There?" by Arthur C. Clarke • "Flowers for Algernon" by Daniel Keyes
 id : 238438 ISBN : 0345374495  | name : The Big Empty  |  description : The sole survivor of a failed intelligence mission, cyber-enhanced man Aksum Muse takes refuge on the planet Burst but finds himself to be the unwitting key to a coming stellar war. Original.
 id : 238439 ISBN : 1403306184  | name : It's My Heaven  |  description : Do you question the spiritual direction of America, the violence in schools, shopping centers and churches? Do you have questions about your church and the doctrines being taught, or perhaps, the doctrines not being taught? Then you're not alone! There are millions who question the institution of religion. ONE KINGDOM, ONE KING is a search for the church or the body that Jesus Christ said He would build. There are as many as 450 organized religions and denominations who claim to be the true church and who claim to be the path to heaven, but just who or what is the true church? What does its organization look like? The issues of Sabbath changing to Sunday and the celebration of Christmas and Easter; doctrines of the trinity, immortality of the soul, and ever-burning hell; and the role of Israel both past and present are covered, plus others. Many of these subjects are misunderstood or just plain rejected by most denominations. There are many people, if challenged, who would respond if these subjects were explained in simple English. Many just simply have never been taught by their Pentecostal preachers. And other folks are being lied to by the 'professional' religious elite! ONE KINGDOM, ONE KING is a very small investment for a wealth of knowledge--knowledge that Lucifer the devil doesn't want you to find out. What do you have to lose by taking time to read? An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest. Find out what the world of man's religion does not want you to learn. Connect what American religion is doing today to what the Holy Bible says and what is happening in America. The obvious will become apparent!
 id : 238440 ISBN : 157322796X  | name : Fragrant Palm Leaves  |  description : Best known for his Buddhist teachings, Thich Nhat Hanh has lived in exile from his native Vietnam since 1966. These remarkable early journals reveal not only an exquisite portrait of the Zen master as a young man, but the emergence of a great poet and literary voice of Vietnam. From his years as a student and teaching assistant at Princeton and Columbia, to his efforts to negotiate peace and a better life for the Vietnamese, Fragrant Palm Leaves offers an elegant and profound glimpse into the heart and mind of one of the world's most beloved spiritual teachers.
 id : 238441 ISBN : 3442454050  | name : Zähl nicht die Stunden  |  description : Erfolg im Beruf, ein attraktiver Mann und eine reizende Tochter - Mattie Hart hat vieles, wovon andere nur träumen. Eines Tages jedoch erkennt sie, dass ihr Leben auf einer Lüge aufgebaut ist, denn ihr Mann betrügt sie seit Jahren. Mattie ist entschlossen, einen Neubeginn zu wagen, als das Schicksal auf grausame Weise zuschlägt. Plötzlich muss die junge Frau kämpfen: um ihren Mann, um ihr Glück und um ihr Leben.
 id : 238443 ISBN : 0060627573  | name : Honest to Jesus  |  description : Publisher Description
 id : 238449 ISBN : 0312878915  | name : Chemical Pink  |  description : A stunning and compelling portrait of two obsessed personalities and the perversely symbiotic relationship that draws them together. Aurora Jeanine Johnson is an unwed mother from Savannah, Georgia, desperate to sculpt a new life--and a new body-- in California, where the quest for the perfect butt or bicep reaches religious intensity. Spending every spare moment training at the gym, Aurora is barely getting by--until she meets the man who will offer her everything she most desires. Charles Worthington is a wealthy eccentric, rich enough to indulge his every decadent whim and fantasy. Aurora is his sexual ideal, the raw material from which he will shape his masterpiece. He will transform Aurora into the woman of his dreams -- and fantasies -- no matter the cost. To achieve their common goal, Aurora hands over complete control of her life to Charles. He dictates her diet, her lifestyle, her training--and when and how much she'll take of the body-altering drugs he "prescribes" for her. He decides whom she sees and where she goes. And what kinky games of his own devising they will play. For Aurora, everything that Charles asks is a small price to pay to become the woman she's always dreamed of being. Or is it? Chemical Pink is a gothic duet that explores the boundary between obsession and pathology.
 id : 238450 ISBN : 3423026189  | name : Der Schimmelreiter  |  description : Roman fra den sydslesvigske vestkyst i 1700-tallet om digegreven Hauke Haiens barndom, ungdom og manddom og om hans fortsatte liv som spøgelsesrytter
 id : 238452 ISBN : 0967025907  | name : Send in the Waco Killers  |  description : This title comes from the Political Extremism and Radicalism digital archive series which provides access to primary sources for academic research and teaching purposes. Please be aware that users may find some of the content within this resource to be offensive.
 id : 238453 ISBN : 1865082988  | name : When Elephants Fight  |  description : "Vannary Imam was born in Cambodia, a country the world remembers most for its killing fields. Yet she grew up knowing peace and always believed it would last. The child of a senior government bureaucrat, hers would normally have been a privileged existence but as a child of one Vietnamese and one Cambodian parent, life for Vannary was never going to be simple." "When Elephants Fight is an intricate weaving of family history, national politics and personal memoir, and traces three generations of Vannary's family. It is the powerful story of an extraordinary people who, despite the odds, forge a new life for themselves out of the carnage of the killing fields."--BOOK JACKET.Title Summary field provided by Blackwell North America, Inc. All Rights Reserved
 id : 238454 ISBN : 1551642069  | name : Requiem for a Lightweight  |  description : This is the story of Stockwell Day--a small-town politician of modest accomplishments--whom the big boys with the big money, and the handlers with the smarts, thought could be sold as the Great Right Hope. This book chronicles it all: the people, personalities, and politics. Throughout, the question of media image is placed front and centre as the book explores the growing problem of rational democratic politics in an era of celebrity, image, and instant culture.
 id : 238455 ISBN : 0312044038  | name : Plainsong  |  description : A mysterious plague, which seems the precursor of even more astounding events, wipes out most all adults, leaving only the young and the animals alive, who develop an uncanny ability to communicate with each other
 id : 238456 ISBN : 1586602292  | name : Lamps of Courage  |  description : When life seems most hopeless, Lucy Danielson starts a journal and collection of letters By Dim and Flaring Lamps. The Civil War is pressing upon her and all she holds dear, and it seems she must sacrifice her childhood love for the sake of honor and duty. Can serving the sick and wounded alongside her father fill the void in her life? Both of Lucy's twin granddaughters wanted to be nurses, but only Glorie actually finished the training. Stuck in a hometown hospital, she feels cheated that she isn't serving overseas with the doughboys in the Great War. Can she find her purpose while keeping the Home Fires Burning? Elisabeth Baker hoped that serving with the Red Cross would keep her away from the devastation of World War II, but she finds herself stationed at a northeastern refueling station in Labrador where each day a new friend is injured - or worse. During a winter of perpetual darkness, can she find the strength to be A Light in the Night to her patients and friends? Chasing down the enemies of disease and death in war-torn countries of the world is Kiersten Davis's dream. But before she can obtain her nursing degree, she must intern at clinics where homelessness, drug addictions, and abuse affront her. Can she find her path in life by praying Beside the Golden Door of a children's ward? For over one hundred years the descendants of Lucy Danielson have maintained her legacy - her journals, her letters, a special lamp pin, and her desire to heal. Follow these brave women as they seek God's will in their lives - and are blessed along the way by finding special men to share their dreams.
 id : 238465 ISBN : 1582433011  | name : Referred Pain  |  description : From one of our ablest chroniclers of marriage, middle age, and urban myth, a collection of stories that subverts the standard domestic drama with an outrageousness that mixes tragedy with black humor.. In Referred Pain Lynne Sharon Schwartz surpasses her reputation as a scrupulous stylist who writes with both passion and discipline. Here, as in her earlier collections, the stories, whether realistic or fanciful, are distinguished by their intensity and their impeccable attention to the nuances of language. Her characters confront inner demons, playing out fantasies they crave and dread. subversions and perversions with wicked wit and psychological acuity.In the title novella, Koslowski, beset by a kind of survivor's guilt, insists to the point of absurdity that his elaborate dental work is emblematic of his immigrant parents' suffering in a German concentration camp and in the siege of Leningrad. In Francesca, a mild professor finds himself calmly contemplating incest. In Hostages of Fortune, a seemingly conventional couple live out an extended fantasy of raising two imaginary children. a chimerical, unfulfilled romance, while oblivious to his own wife. Several of the stories take place in the surreal realm of fantasy itself. Schwartz, an award-winning writer, has been lauded for her precisely observed domestic dramas and comedies and described as having an anthropologist's eye for her characters and their stories. This collection will give further resonance to her already distinguished literary reputation.
 id : 238466 ISBN : 0609803190  | name : Mehndi  |  description : The magical art of mehndi, or henna painting, has been practiced for centuries in India, Africa, and the Middle East, and now it has finally arrived in the West. Packed with inspirational photographs of traditional and contemporary mehndi, this complete resource offers everything you need to create your own beautiful henna designs, including: • dozens of practice exercises and sample illustrations • a foolproof recipe for mixing the henna paste • step-by-step instructions on how to apply your mehndi design • insider's tips from professional mehndi artists and more!
 id : 238470 ISBN : 0967905281  | name : New England Novel #02  |  description : " ... here on Eagle Lake ... the Miller family runs the Sugar Creek Inn. There is never a dull moment between the four spirited sisters, the two elderly brothers who are permanent house guests, the boyfriend whom everyone loves, the boyfriend whom nobody likes, the regular house guests, and the Miller's two rowdy dogs."--Page 4 of cover.
 id : 238471 ISBN : 0375421661  | name : The Last Day of the War  |  description : In this beautiful love story and tragicomic tale, Yael Weiss, an 18-year-old from St. Louis, reinvents herself as Yale White, a 25-year-old Methodist, when she travels to Paris with the YMCA to work in a soldiers' canteen.
 id : 238473 ISBN : 1590521692  | name : Whispers in the Wind  |  description : Losing his family and finding himself in a colony of street orphans begging for food, young Dane Weston fears his dream of becoming a doctor may be lost, a situation that worsens when he is falsely accused of murder and sentenced to life in prison. Original.
 id : 238474 ISBN : 0802133479  | name : Journals  |  description : ?Ginsberg has been one of the most influential poets in America in our time. . . . It has been a spectacular career, and . . . the thinking that went into making it is recorded in these Journals.”??The New York Times Book Review
 id : 238475 ISBN : 0310230837  | name : Dear Lady  |  description : Grieving over the death of his wife, an embittered Garret Steele finds his life turned upside down by the arrival of his young daughter's English pen pal, Lady Elizabeth Wellington, who is fleeing a forced betrothal to a brutal man. Original.
 id : 238476 ISBN : 1576732789  | name : Secrets of the Heart  |  description : Kathleen O'Malley Stallworth a mail order bride? Not likely! But the Lord works in mysterious ways. Her parents and siblings died in the great Chicago fire; her husband was killed by a mugger; now her fabulously wealthy in-laws have taken her daughter Megan from her, claiming she's not fit to be a mother. In a newspaper ad for a mail order bride, Kathleen sees a chance to seek revenge on the Stallworth family. Instead, her westward adventure transforms her world and restores her faith. She returns to Chicago to fight for Megan but soon discovers God has prepared a victory she could never have imagined.
 id : 238477 ISBN : 1576733998  | name : The Tender Flame  |  description : Grant and Lydia, separated for years by war, rediscover each other when his daughter Jessica marries a young preacher.
 id : 238478 ISBN : 1590523083  | name : One More Sunrise  |  description : Countless perils menaced the early settlers of the Wild West - and not the least of them was the lack of medical care. Dr. Dane Logan, a former street waif who has been adopted by a doctor's family in Cheyenne, puts his lifelong dream to work filling this need. His renown as a surgeon spreads throughout the frontier, even while his love grows for the beautiful Tharyn, an orphan he lost contact with when he left New York City as a child. Will happiness in love ever come to Dane - or will the roving Tag Moran gang bring his hopes to a dark end? Showdown in Cheyenne 1880. The frontier is uneasy. Tag Moran and his vicious gang are roving the West, robbing banks and stagecoaches. Dr. Dane Logan, a former street waif adopted by a doctor’s family in Cheyenne, is gaining renown for his delicate surgical skill. Dane’s situation becomes precarious when an unfortunate death turns Tag into his bitter enemy. If outlaws come between the tall young surgeon and his childhood love, who’ll be left to see another sunrise? Story Behind the Book Always planning ahead for what we will write for Multnomah Publishers, JoAnna and I decided to follow the ORPHAN TRAIN trilogy with one about a medical doctor in the Old West, so we came up with the idea of a trilogy called FRONTIER DOCTOR. We introduced a teenage boy in the final ORPHAN TRAIN book who has a burning desire to one day become a physician and surgeon. This first book in this trilogy keys in on this young prospective doctor. Seeing history through this young doctor’s eyes will deeply touch your heart and make these books impossible to set down. We also think you’ll find this new trilogy filled with our faith—gained from so many years of serving the Lord and trusting His written Word.
 id : 238479 ISBN : 0967905257  | name : Chatfield Hollow  |  description : In this sequel to Stony Brook Farm, the relationship between Annie and Ryan intensifies, but they face obstacles that threaten to tear them apart.
 id : 238482 ISBN : 1556614225  | name : The Stars for a Light  |  description : Dr. Cheney Duvall, weary of being rejected for jobs simply because she is a woman, jumps at the chance to care for two hundred frontier brides-to-be on a sea voyage from New York to Washington Territory, but with the journey looming before her, Cheney begins to doubt whether she is really prepared for the responsibility.
 id : 238488 ISBN : 0884861937  | name : Homeward Bound  |  description : Traveling from remote Oregon frontier to ancestral home in Atlanta, Trumary weds Wil and together face pioneer hardships and rewards in trilogy.
 id : 238489 ISBN : 0440212413  | name : The Power of Babble  |  description : A humorous compilation of the buzzwords, soundbites, and doublespeak commonly used by politicians features more than one thousand entries accompanied by definitions, commentary, and examples of usage. Original.
 id : 238491 ISBN : 0671458132  | name : Having it All  |  description : The editor of "Cosmopolitan" gives advice on dealing with men and women, sex, marriage, career success, becoming more attractive, making money, and staying healthy with frank accounts of her own experiences in those areas
 id : 238492 ISBN : 030798785X  | name : Baby's Christmas  |  description : Baby's first Christmas and all the presents the baby receives.
 id : 238495 ISBN : 078941984X  | name : DK Encyclopedia of Healing Therapies  |  description : More than 90 key therapies: Features every type of therapy, from acupuncture to yoga, with details of how each one works and step-by-step photographs of typical treatment The best treatment options: Highlights the most effective ways to treat more than 200 health problems, from asthma to high blood pressure, in an easy-to-consult ailments section Unique ratings system: At-a-glance ratings, based on the latest scientific research, evaluate individual therapies and highlight their suitability for different ailments Definitive reference guide: Authoritatively written by a respected health author with a leading doctor and complementary practitioner, in conjunction with a team of specialists.
 id : 238496 ISBN : 0060616296  | name : The Historical Jesus  |  description : "He comes as yet unknown into a hamlet of Lower Galilee. He is watched by the cold, hard eyes of peasants living long enough at a subsistence level to know exactly where the line is drawn between poverty and destitution. He looks like a beggar yet his eyes lack the proper cringe, his voice the proper whine, his walk the proper shuffle. He speaks about the rule of God and they listen as much from curiosity as anything else. They know all about rule and power, about kingdom and empire, but they know it in terms of tax and debt, malnutrition and sickness, agrarian oppression and demonic possession. What, they really want to know, can this kingdom of God do for a lame child, a blind parent, a demented soul screaming its tortured isolation among the graves that mark the edges of the village?" –– from "The Gospel of Jesus," overture to The Historical Jesus The Historical Jesus reveals the true Jesus––who he was, what he did, what he said. It opens with "The Gospel of Jesus," Crossan's studied determination of Jesus' actual words and actions stripped of any subsequent additions and placed in a capsule account of his life story. The Jesus who emerges is a savvy and courageous Jewish Mediterranean peasant, a radical social revolutionary, with a rhapsodic vision of economic, political, and religious egalitarianism and a social program for creating it. The conventional wisdom of critical historical scholarship has long held that too little is known about the historical Jesus to say definitively much more than that he lived and had a tremendous impact on his followers. "There were always historians who said it could not be done because of historical problems," writes Crossan. "There were always theologians who said it should not be done because of theological objections. And there were always scholars who said the former when they meant the latter.' With this ground–breaking work, John Dominic Crossan emphatically sweeps these notions aside. He demonstrates that Jesus is actually one of the best documented figures in ancient history; the challenge is the complexity of the sources. The vivid portrayal of Jesus that emerges from Crossan's unique methodology combines the complementary disciplines of social anthropology, Greco–Roman history, and the literary analysis of specific pronouncements, anecdotes, confessions and interpretations involving Jesus. All three levels cooperate equally and fully in an effective synthesis that provides the most definitive presentation of the historical Jesus yet attained.
 id : 238498 ISBN : 0805068023  | name : The Sound of the Trees  |  description : An extraordinary debut that brings together a hypnotic quest, a thrilling Western, and an unforgettable love story. Set in the 1930s, The Sound of the Tree tells the story of Trude Mason, who, seeking to escape a brutal father and a violent past, sets out with his mother on horseback on a grueling journey through the extreme desert and mountainous terrain of southwestern New Mexico. Their destination is Colorado, a place Trude imagines to be abundantly fertile, wild, and free. But along the way, Trude finds himself in the clutches of a small New Mexican border town, once again a victim of brutality and lawlessness, this time in the form of a pitiless sheriff and his posse. When they arrest and sentence to death a young woman whose life Trude has saved, he must face an explosive collision between conscience and self-preservation. Affecting yet unsentimental, written in piercing, unadorned prose, Robert Gatewood's The Sound of the Trees marks the arrival of a vital new literary voice.
 id : 238499 ISBN : 0395692539  | name : The Best American Essays, 1994  |  description : Compiles the best literary essays of the year originally published in American periodicals
 id : 238500 ISBN : 0671534017  | name : The 100 Top Psychics in America  |  description : Profiles the top one hundred psychics in America today--including George Anderson, Dorothy Allison, Linda Georgian, Irene Hughes, and Ruth Montgomery--describing their roles in prominent current events. Original.
 id : 238501 ISBN : 0807015032  | name : Beyond God the Father  |  description : 'Certainly one of the most promising theological statements of our time.' --The Christian Century 'Not for the timid, this brilliant book calls for nothing short of the overthrow of patriarchy itself.' --The Village Voice
 id : 238502 ISBN : 082641477X  | name : David Foster Wallace's Infinite Jest  |  description : This is part of a new series of guides to contemporary novels. The aim of the series is to give readers accessible and informative introductions to some of the most popular, most acclaimed and most influential novels of recent years - from ‘The Remains of the Day' to ‘White Teeth'. A team of contemporary fiction scholars from both sides of the Atlantic has been assembled to provide a thorough and readable analysis of each of the novels in question.
 id : 238503 ISBN : 0449906450  | name : From One Child to Two  |  description : Most mothers and fathers are surprised at how different parenthood feels when the second child arrives. Even before the birth, a host of new questions arises: can you possibly love a second child as much as the first? Is it better to have them close in age or farther apart? What about sibling rivalry? In From One Child to Two, Judy Dunn gives parents all the information, emotional support, and reassurance they need to handle the stress -- and relish the joys -- of raising two children. An internationally recognized expert in the field of sibling relations, Dunn draws on her own decade-long study of siblings at home, as well as from extensive interviews and observations of parents and children. -- How the second pregnancy differs from the first -- How and when to break the news to the first child -- How to manage the days surrounding the birth, the hospital visit, and the crucial first month -- Being prepared for your firstborn's reaction to the new sibling by age group -- toddlers, preschoolers, or children in early elementary school -- How to cope with the new demands on your marriage -- The major milestones that families face together -- the changing role of fathers and grandparents, managing new schedules, and coping with parental burnout -- Sibling rivalry: what to do about fighting, when to intervene, and when it's supposed to get better! Whether you're contemplating a second child, expecting one any day, or trying to cope with the changing dynamics of your newly expanded family, From One Child to Two is an indispensable guide. Filled with common sense, down-to-earth, and eminently practical advice, this is the one parenting book that you will refer to again and again.
 id : 238504 ISBN : 0060394153  | name : Pucker Up  |  description : A frank and witty tour of modern sexuality from a knowing young "sexpert" who's seen -- and done -- it all. From her popular columns and website to her videos and lecture series, Tristan Taormino has garnered raves for her unabashed straight talk about sex. Now, for the first time in book form, she imparts wisdom gleaned from years of adventurous and informative sexual anthropology. As a sex educator, Tristan has listened to thousands of people's most intimate questions. In Pucker Up, she responds to those queries -- no matter how taboo -- giving honest, useful advice that doesn't shy away from sensitive topics. All the basics are covered here, but Tristan also tackles such topics as strap-ons, female ejaculation, the latest sex toys, erotica and how it can improve your love life, and new strategies for hitting that elusive G-spot. Pucker Up is quite simply an indispensable book for anyone looking for healthy, adventuresome, mind-blowing sex.
 id : 238505 ISBN : 1564773353  | name : Comforts of Home  |  description : Knitters will love adding the rich, indulgent texture of knits to their bed, bath, or living-room decor with gorgeous accessories that complement any home style. From exquisite throws and pillows to a stylish table runner and child's blanket, these striking, sophisticated designs will add a touch of comforting luxury. -- Eighteen elegant, practical projects feature the easiest stitches and patterns -- ideal for first-time knitters -- Quick-to-knit designs follow the popular natural look trend, featuring soft, lavish yarns and muted color palettes -- Larger projects are conveniently divided into portable sections for knitting at the soccer game, the doctor's office, or away from home
 id : 238506 ISBN : 0312290144  | name : Easy Knits  |  description : Over 25 simple designs for babies, children and adults Would you like to knit something gorgeous for a new baby, but don’t have weeks to spend on it? Or are you relatively new to knitting and looking for a simple, foolproof design that will give you great results? Easy Knits is a fantastic collection of over 25 simple designs for babies, children and adults. *Over 25 designs that are simple and quick to knit *Original and fun projects, designed in bestselling author Debbie Bliss’s unique style, for all age groups *Includes everything from a baby’s jacket with tie bow and booties to a belted cardigan for a toddler and an adult’s Guernsey-style sweater
 id : 238507 ISBN : 0140348093  | name : The Bear Nobody Wanted  |  description : A teddy bear with a rather inflated opinion of himself has a series of not-always-pleasant adventures before finding a real home.
 id : 238512 ISBN : 1580625665  | name : Everything Romance Book  |  description : From romantic getaways to sensual sounds, this book provides an array of tips for keeping romance alive in a relationship from the first date through the "empty nest" period. Original.
 id : 238514 ISBN : 0020697406  | name : The Lost World  |  description : Twenty-two poems deal with solitude, mortality, man and woman, great art, and the recapturing of childhood through memory and imagination
 id : 238516 ISBN : 0060805110  | name : The Sweet Dove Died  |  description : A story about the sometimes troubled truths of relationships.
 id : 238517 ISBN : 0062506358  | name : The Invisible Landscape  |  description : A thoroughly revised edition of the much-sought-after early work by Terence and Dennis McKenna that looks at shamanism, altered states of consciousness, and the organic unity of the King Wen sequence of the I Ching.
 id : 238518 ISBN : 0671448730  | name : The Chinese, Portrait of a People  |  description : A journalist assigned to China from 1977 to 1979 recounts his experiences, clarifies misconceptions about modern China, assesses its current economic, social, and political problems, and outlines its attitudes towards the West
 id : 238521 ISBN : 0871317362  | name : Presumption  |  description : A sequel to Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice centers on Georgiana Darcy and her interest in both a naval officer and an architect.
 id : 238523 ISBN : 0151314861  | name : The Flounder  |  description : An immortal fisherman catches an immortal talking fish in the Stone Age, and they live eternally until modern times in Germany, bound by the man's insatiable pregnant wife and entanglements with various female cooks. The narrating fisherman uses his predicament to comment on gender and nutrition in society, as well as gloat over the fish's second capture and subsequent trial by women for his historical role in subjugating women.
 id : 238525 ISBN : 0395051509  | name : Joseph Andrews and Shamela  |  description : Joseph Andrews is dismissed from his position as footman when he resists the advances of his employer, Lady Booby. He leaves London and rejoins his true love, Fanny Goodwill. They have many adventures and reversals and discoveries.
 id : 238526 ISBN : 081259004X  | name : The Magnificent Ambersons  |  description : The rise and fall of a prominent Hoosier family centers around the life and experiences of George Amberson Menafer, a spoiled young man, in a new edition of the Pulitzer Prize-winning novel, first published in 1918. Reprint. (An A&E television miniseries, directed by Alfonso Arau, airing Fall 2001, starring Madeleine Stoe, James Cromwell, Jonathan Rhys-Meyers, Gretchen Mol, Jennifer Tilly, & Dina Merril-Harltley) (Historical Fiction)
 id : 238527 ISBN : 031206909X  | name : Blood Kin  |  description : Inspector Roper investigates the disappearance of an aging starlet, Rita Cavallo, from her country home, quickly discovering another body in the process and running into nothing but resistance from her difficult and suspicious family
 id : 238528 ISBN : 0393000753  | name : A Reckoning  |  description : The heart of the story is Laura's realization that for her the real connections have been with women: her brilliant and devastating mother, a difficult daughter, and most of all a woman she knew when she was young.
 id : 238529 ISBN : 0571117872  | name : The Faber Book of Nonsense Verse  |  description : The English writers in which the author has included (among many anonymous contributions) range from Skelton through Peacock and Lear to Stevie Smith; from Europe come Rabelais, Christian Morgenstern, Hans Arp and Robert Desnos. But, as Mr. Grigson points out, it is inappropriate to be too serious or too solemn about writing which aims to poke fun and give pleasure.
 id : 238530 ISBN : 0375801537  | name : The Iron Giant  |  description : An iron giant saves the world in this contemporary classic. A mysterious creature stalks the land, eating barbed wire and devouring tractors and plows. The farmers are mystified—and terrified. And then they glimpse him in the night: the Iron Giant, taller than a house, with glowing headlight eyes and an insatiable taste for metal. The hungry giant must be stopped at any cost. Only a young boy named Hogarth is brave enough to lead the Iron Giant to a safe home. And only Hogarth knows where to turn when a space-bat as big as Australia, hungry for every living thing on Earth, darkens the sky. First published in 1968, Ted Hughes's classic tale is a powerful tribute to peace on earth—and in all the universe. Of it Madeleine L'Engle wrote, "How grateful we should be for Ted Hughes's brilliant The Iron Giant. It speaks to all ages, and we need its message even more now." Philip Pullman called it "so gripping that when you begin to read it aloud, everyone stops to listen, young children and old people alike." Whether you think of it as a science fiction fantasy or a modern fairy tale or a tall-tale parable for today, you will never forget it.
 id : 238531 ISBN : 0805057129  | name : A Child's Book of Prayers  |  description : A collection of short prayers and devotions, including both traditional or anonymous pieces and works by such authors as Christina Rossetti and Robert Browning.
 id : 238533 ISBN : 0810114682  | name : War with the Newts  |  description : "Originally written in 1936, two years before Capek's death and three years before the Nazi invasion of Czechoslovakia, War with the Newts is considered by many to be Capek's greatest book." "Working in the "fantastic" satiric tradition of Wells, Orwell, and Vonnegut, Capek chronicles the discovery of a colony of highly intelligent giant salamanders off the coast of an Indonesian island. Capek sardonically details all the reactions of the civilized world - from horror to skepticism, from intellectual fascination to mercantile opportunism - and the ultimate destruction from which it (and the newts) might not escape." --Book Jacket.
 id : 238534 ISBN : 0635013479  | name : The Mystery of Biltmore House  |  description : Accelerated Reader: Reading Level 4.4, 3 Points.
 id : 238538 ISBN : 0684813386  | name : Source of Light  |  description : Here is the second volume of A Great Circle, the highly acclaimed Mayfield family trilogy, from one of America's literary treasures. Though a novel independent from The Surface of Earth, The Source of Light continues the saga of the Mayfield family, here focusing on Hutchins Mayfield, whose desire for self-knowledge removes him from his secure existence as a prep school teacher and takes him on a journey to Oxford and Italy to study and write. Hutchins comes back home for a family crisis but ultimately returns to England, where he achieves a maturity that enables him to cope with commitments, abandonments, and the creation of an honest personal agenda. In The Source of Light, Reynolds Price combines gravity and buoyancy, a mythic sense of the past with the mysteries of place, to forge an encompassing portrait of the strange and various world one travels through in the quest for self-fulfillment.
 id : 238540 ISBN : 1565547748  | name : A Halloween How-to  |  description : A collection of ideas for Halloween costumes, parties, decorations, and destinations.
 id : 238544 ISBN : 0226393747  | name : Pictures from an Institution  |  description : Beneath the unassuming surface of a progressive women's college lurks a world of intellectual pride and pomposity awaiting devastation by the pens of two brilliant and appalling wits. Randall Jarrell's classic novel was originally published to overwhelming critical acclaim in 1954, forging a new standard for campus satire--and instantly yielding comparisons to Dorothy Parker's razor-sharp barbs. Like his fictional nemesis, Jarrell cuts through the earnest conversations at Benton College--mischievously, but with mischief nowhere more wicked than when crusading against the vitriolic heroine herself. "A most literate account of a group of most literate people by a writer of power. . . . A delight of true understanding."--Wallace Stevens "I'm greatly impressed by the real fun, the incisive satire, the closeness of observation, and in the end by a kind of sympathy and human warmth. It's a remarkable book."--Robert Penn Warren "Move over Dorothy Parker. Pictures . . . is less a novel than a series of poisonous portraits, set pieces, and endlessly quotable put-downs. Read it less for plot than sharp satire, Jarrell's forte."--Mary Welp "One of the wittiest books of modern times."--New York Times "[T]he father of the modern campus novel, and the wittiest of them all. Extraordinary to think that 'political correctness' was so deliciously dissected 50 years ago."--Noel Malcolm, Sunday Telegraph "A sustained exhibition of wit in the great tradition. . . . Immensely and very devastatingly shrewd."--Edmund Fuller, Saturday Review "[A] work of fiction, and a dizzying and brilliant work of social and literary criticism. Not only 'a unique and serious joke-book,' as Lowell called it, but also a meditation made up of epigrams."--Michael Wood
 id : 238545 ISBN : 0385336268  | name : What Your Third Grader Needs to Know  |  description : Presents the opinions of educators on what every third-grade child should know, offering information on such subjects as history, fine arts, geography, math, science, and technology.
 id : 238547 ISBN : 1400041104  | name : Pushkin  |  description : This authoritative biography frees the complex figure of Pushkin from the heroic simplicity of the myth, making palpable the poet's rare energy, talents, and spirit. of photos. 76 illustrations in text.
 id : 238548 ISBN : 0671605968  | name : Back To The Sources  |  description : Essays analyze the major traditional texts of Judaism from literary, historical, philosophical, and religious points of view.
 id : 238549 ISBN : 0375714634  | name : Peanuts  |  description : This beautiful album will dazzle fans of Charles M. Schulz and his art, providing an unprecedented look at the work of the most brilliant and beloved cartoonist of the twentieth century. Here is the whole gang–Charlie Brown, Lucy, Linus, Snoopy, Peppermint Patty, Schroeder, Pig-Pen, and all the others from the original Peanuts strips. More than five hundred comic strips are reproduced, as well as such rare or never-before-seen items as a sketchbook from Schulz's army days in the early 1940s; his very first printed strip, Just Keep Laughing; his private scrapbook of pre-Peanuts Li'l Folks strips; developmental sketches for the first versions of Charlie Brown and the other Peanuts characters; a sketchbook from 1963; and many more materials gathered from the Schulz archives in Santa Rosa, California. The art has been stunningly photographed by Geoff Spear in full color, capturing the subtle textures of paper, ink, and line. The strips–which were shot only from the original art or vintage newsprint–reveal how, from the 1950s through 2000, Schulz's style and the Peanuts world evolved. The book features an introduction by Jean Schulz and has been designed and edited by renowned graphic artist Chip Kidd, who also provides an informed and appreciative commentary. This celebration of the genius of the most revered cartoonist of our time is a must for anyone who has ever come under the spell of Peanuts.
 id : 238550 ISBN : 096463919X  | name : Sculptured Knits  |  description : Jean Moss takes us on a journey through the decorative arts of the twentieth century, sharing her insights and design inspirations. The decorative arts are "a wonderful source for the knitwear designer: architecture, theater, furniture, ceramics, textiles, jewelry, fashion, and posters all carry the distinctive signatures of their time and creator." The designs take on extra meaning as we read Jean's often informative, occasionally quirky commentary. The journey starts at the turn of the century with the opulence and sinuous arabesques of the Belle Époque. Moving on to the twenties, these curving lines turn sleek and sophisticated with the growth of Art Deco. Our next stop revisits the vibrant offbeat styles of Pop Art in the swinging sixties. Finally, to mark the new millennium, Jean looks with confident eclecticism to sources as diverse as ethnic symbolism and fisher ganseys to create a timeless capsule of contemporary classics that are a pleasure to knit. --From publisher description.
 id : 238551 ISBN : 0486255344  | name : The Club of Queer Trades  |  description : Tells stories about an English club whose members must invent a new profession and earn a living at it
 id : 238552 ISBN : 0805067272  | name : What Lips My Lips Have Kissed  |  description : Describes the life and work of an American woman whose love poetry transformed a generation of writers, drawing on letters, diaries, and journals to depict the world of a woman whose life was dedicated to art and love.
 id : 238555 ISBN : 1570032246  | name : Southern Writers  |  description : Offers a glimpse into the personal and professional lives of seventy-two authors of the American South through interviews
 id : 238556 ISBN : 0156000679  | name : Writing Dangerously  |  description : Winner of the 1993 National Book Critics Circle Award in biography, this sparklingly written, exhaustively researched, and richly detailed biography of America's feisty, free-thinking "first lady of letters" is an engrossing portrait of the American Left from the 1930s through the 1980s. 32 pages of b&w photographs.
 id : 238557 ISBN : 1860470025  | name : Nothing But the Girl  |  description : Beautifully produced book contains the landmark work of the most influential lesbian photographer in the world. Each portfolio is accompanied by an in-depth biography of the artist in which they discuss some of the themes that have fuelled their own work.
 id : 238558 ISBN : 0385487282  | name : Heart of Darkness  |  description : This new edition combines Conrad's searing classic "Heart of Darkness" with an equally provocative, though less well known novella, "The Secret Agent". The volume is enriched by a number of intriguing gems from the archives of The New York Public Library, including a handwritten note from the author to his London agent and another to H.L. Mencken.
 id : 238561 ISBN : 1559212152  | name : Three Houses  |  description : In this charming memoir, Angela Thirkell fills each of the three houses she lived in with details, describing the layout of rooms and youthful hidey-holes as well as their fascinating literary associations--one was once the home of novelist Samuel Richardson and one was across from her older cousin, Rudyard Kipling.
 id : 238562 ISBN : 0553381873  | name : Instant Relief  |  description : A physical therapist introduces one hundred ten-second exercises designed to help alleviate everyday muscle tension and spasms caused by stress and a sedentary lifestyle.
 id : 238564 ISBN : 0060965185  | name : Many Roads One Journ  |  description : From the author of Women, Sex, and Addiction, a timely and controversial second look at 12-Step programs, helping all readers to draw on the steps' underlying wisdom, adapting them to their own experiences, beliefs, and sources of strength.
 id : 238565 ISBN : 0679602453  | name : The Charterhouse of Parma  |  description : Balzac considered it the most important French novel of his time. Andre Gide later deemed it the greatest of all French novels, and Henry James judged it to be a masterpiece. Now, in a major literary event, Pulitzer Prize-winning poet and distinguished translator Richard Howard presents a new rendition of Stendhal's epic tale of romance, adventure, and court intrigue set in early nineteenth-century Italy. The Charterhouse of Parma chronicles the exploits of Fabrizio del Dongo, an ardent young aristocrat who joins Napoleon's army just before the Battle of Waterloo. Yet perhaps the novel's most unforgettable characters are the hero's beautiful aunt, the alluring Duchess of Sanseverina, and her lover, Count Mosca, who plot to further Fabrizio's political career at the treacherous court of Parma in a sweeping story that illuminates an entire epoch of European history. "Stendhal has written The Prince up to date, the novel that Machiavelli would write if he were living banished from Italy in the nineteenth century," noted Balzac in his famous review of The Charterhouse of Parma. "Never before have the hearts of princes, ministers, courtiers, and women been depicted like this. . . . One sees perfection in every detail. . . . [It] has the magnitude of a canvas fifty feet by thirty, and at the same time the manner, the execution, is Dutch in its minuteness. . . . The Charterhouse of Parma often contains a whole book in a single page. . . . It is a masterpiece." This edition includes original illustrations by Robert Andrew Parker and Notes and a Translator's Afterword by Richard Howard.
 id : 238566 ISBN : 1853262331  | name : Trilby  |  description : First published in 1894, the story of the diva Trilby O'Ferrall and her mentor, Svengali, has entered the mythology of that period alongside Dracula and Sherlock Holmes. Immensely popular for years, the novel led to a hit play, a series of popular films, Trilby products from hats toice-cream, and streets in Florida named after characters in the book. The setting reflects Du Maurier's bohemian years as an art student in Paris before he went to London to make a career in journalism. A celebrated caricaturist for Punch magazine, Du Maurier's drawings for the novel--of which hismost significant are included here--form a large part of its appeal.
 id : 238567 ISBN : 0201608170  | name : The Virgin Queen  |  description : An intimate portrait of history's most fascinating monarch A genius, a beauty, a leader, and a manipulator. Elizabeth I has fascinated and enthralled history buffs and Anglophiles for centuries. The era that bears her name was one of the most exciting and dazzling in England's history. Christopher Hibbert's masterful biography introduces a new generation of readers, aware of the challenges women face in wielding power, to perhaps history's greatest monarch.
 id : 238568 ISBN : 0452270871  | name : Flesh and the Word 2  |  description : An anthology of gay erotic writing under the editorship of the acclaimed master of the genre. Includes work from many top writers including: Lars Eighner, Anne Rice, Larry Duplechan, Michael Bronski and John Rowberry. Following on from the bestselling first volume, this is a feast of the gay erotic which represents a celebration of sexuality, real and imagined, and an affirmation that the gay erotic imagination, so long suppressed and silenced, is finally coming out for good.
 id : 238569 ISBN : 0060921277  | name : The First Century  |  description : Brings to life dozens of well-known characters as well as fascinating footnotes to history in this narrative of a crucial century.
 id : 238575 ISBN : 0380719916  | name : The Broom of the System  |  description : Published when Wallace was just twenty-four years old, The Broom of the System stunned critics and marked the emergence of an extraordinary new talent. At the center of this outlandishly funny, fiercely intelligent novel is the bewitching heroine, Lenore Stonecipher Beadsman. The year is 1990 and the place is a slightly altered Cleveland, Ohio. Lenorersquo;s great-grandmother has disappeared with twenty-five other inmates of the Shaker Heights Nursing Home. Her beau, and boss, Rick Vigorous, is insanely jealous, and her cockatiel, Vlad the Impaler, has suddenly started spouting a mixture of psycho-babble, Auden, and the King James Bible. Ingenious and entertaining, this debut from one of the most innovative writers of his generation brilliantly explores the paradoxes of language, storytelling, and reality.
 id : 238579 ISBN : 0226677176  | name : A Dance to the Music of Time  |  description : Powell's monumental 12-part series traces the lives of a wide variety of characters in London from World War I until the 1960s.
 id : 238580 ISBN : 0226677168  | name : A Dance to the Music of Time  |  description : Anthony Powell's universally acclaimed epic encompasses a four-volume panorama of twentieth century London. Hailed by Time as "brilliant literary comedy as well as a brilliant sketch of the times," A Dance to the Music of Time opens just after World War I. Amid the fever of the 1920s and the first chill of the 1930s, Nick Jenkins and his friends confront sex, society, business, and art. In the second volume they move to London in a whirl of marriage and adulteries, fashions and frivolities, personal triumphs and failures. These books "provide an unsurpassed picture, at once gay and melancholy, of social and artistic life in Britain between the wars" (Arthur Schlesinger, Jr.). The third volume follows Nick into army life and evokes London during the blitz. In the climactic final volume, England has won the war and must now count the losses. In the background of this second volume of A Dance to the Music of Time, the rumble of distant events in Germany and Spain presages the storm of World War II. In England, even as the whirl of marriages and adulteries, fashions and frivolities, personal triumphs and failures gathers speed, men and women find themselves on the brink of fateful choices. Includes these novels: At Lady Molly's Casanova's Chinese Restaurant The Kindly Ones "Anthony Powell is the best living English novelist by far. His admirers are addicts, let us face it, held in thrall by a magician."—Chicago Tribune "A book which creates a world and explores it in depth, which ponders changing relationships and values, which creates brilliantly living and diverse characters and then watches them grow and change in their milieu. . . . Powell's world is as large and as complex as Proust's."—Elizabeth Janeway, New York Times "One of the most important works of fiction since the Second World War. . . . The novel looked, as it began, something like a comedy of manners; then, for a while, like a tragedy of manners; now like a vastly entertaining, deeply melancholy, yet somehow courageous statement about human experience."—Naomi Bliven, New Yorker
 id : 238581 ISBN : 0684843951  | name : The Best American Erotica 1999  |  description : From Susie Bright, America's most outrageous and outspoken chronicler of the nation's sexual practices, comes this eagerly awaited new volume of the crème de la crème of erotic literature of 1998. Edited by Bright, whom the San Francisco Chronicle describes as "the X-rated intellectual" and The New York Times hails as "the voice of sweet reason and literacy," this sixth annual edition of a bestselling series is sure to satisfy old fans and leave newcomers begging for more. The Best American Erotica 1999 cuts across the sexual spectrum to provide an anthology of the most arresting and provocative writing of the year. Contributors: Elise D'Haene, Anne Tourney, Kelly McQuain, Richard Collins, Michael Thomas Ford, A. M. Homes, Thomas S. Roche Cecilia Tan, Jack Murnighan, Kevin Killian, Marian Phillips, Robin Sweeney, Ben Neihart, John Mason Skipp, Donald Rawley, Mary Anne Mohanraj, Tsaurah Litzky, Michael Bronski, Edo Van Belkom, Edward Falco, Keri Pentauk.
 id : 238582 ISBN : 1931243239  | name : O, how the Wheel Becomes It!  |  description : A republication of the novel (published most recently by Sun & Moon Press) of Anthony Powell.
 id : 238583 ISBN : 156731600X  | name : On Writers & Writing  |  description : "All my life," John Gardner wrote, weeks before his death in a motorcycle accident, "I've lived flat-out. As a motorcycle racer, chemist, writer ... I was never cautious." This goes for John Gardner the critic as well, and that is nowhere more evident than in the pieces collected in this book. On Writers and Writing brings together, for the first time, John Gardner's essays and reviews on his fellow writers and reaffirms his status as one of the most intelligent, generous, and insightful critics of his generation. In piece after piece we see Gardner, the consummate teacher and critic, separating novelistic wheat from chaff, genuine fiction from fakery, examining the work of writers he admires - Saul Bellow, Vladimir Nabokov, Philip Roth, John Cheever, Larry Woiwode, and Joyce Carol Oates - as he would an assignment by one of his students. "Often," Charles Johnson says in his introduction, "the effect is shocking - he said that about John Updike? - but it is a testament to Gardner's professionalism that publicity and public acclaim never blinded him to the basic question every reviewer and critic must ask: What exactly do we have here?" That deceptively simple question is asked insistently throughout many of the pieces collected here, so that the reader too sees the craft and skill of some of America's greatest writers at work. In other essays, Gardner turns his extraordinary intelligence to subjects ranging from fairy tales and religion to King Arthur and Walt Disney. Chock full of insights and opinions, making it essential reading for anyone interested in American literature, On Writers and Writing is also an invaluable contribution to our understanding of John Gardner.
 id : 238584 ISBN : 0877956456  | name : Library Journal  |  description : Includes, beginning Sept. 15, 1954 (and on the 15th of each month, Sept.-May) a special section: School library journal, ISSN 0000-0035, (called Junior libraries, 1954-May 1961). Also issued separately.
 id : 238585 ISBN : 0446672173  | name : Work Types  |  description : Based on the work of Carl Jung, the Myers-Briggs Type Indicator (MBTI) is the psychological profile employed by thousands of professionals worldwide. Now, three Myers-Briggs experts show how individuals can use this revealing profile them to recognize their own work style, enabling them to overcome the obstacles of day-to-day tasks and successfully adjust to the constant changes in the work world.
 id : 238586 ISBN : 1564782530  | name : Concluding  |  description : "As the story opens, two students are missing. The resultant search for their whereabouts raises numerous fears and questions: have they been harmed? have they left on their own, alone? or have they perhaps been persuaded by the school's only male instructor, Sebastian Birt? how will the governesses keep the news from parents and State authorities until the girls have been found and an "acceptable" story contrived? will Rock report them for negligence?
 id : 238588 ISBN : 0671426265  | name : The Debut  |  description : Although Ruth Weiss at forty is the picture of a scholarly professor of English, at twenty she briefly tasted the romantic life, much like her beloved heroines, Anna Karenina and Madame Bovary
 id : 238589 ISBN : 0345358228  | name : Chatterton  |  description : When Thomas Chatterton, a brilliant literary counterfeiter, is found dead in 1770, the mysterious circumstances surrounding his death are unraveled in succeeding centuries
 id : 238591 ISBN : 1580172393  | name : Creating Habitat for Backyard Birds  |  description : Since 1973, Storey's Country Wisdom Bulletins have offered practical, hands-on instructions designed to help readers master dozens of country living skills quickly and easily. There are now more than 170 titles in this series, and their remarkable popularity reflects the common desire of country and city dwellers alike to cultivate personal independence in everyday life.
 id : 238593 ISBN : 0968393101  | name : Its Your Frog... Warts and All  |  description : This title refers to the love all entrepreneurs have for their business good, bad or ugly. This is a story familiar to millions of small business entrepreneurs. Anyone dreaming of opening their own business will benefit from the practical lessons learned by one young entrepreneur as she struggles to build her business after she is downsized out of the company she thought offered her long term security.
 id : 238594 ISBN : 0486287939  | name : The Life of William Morris  |  description : Classic biography of great Victorian poet, designer, socialist. Childhood, education, socialism, Arts and Crafts movement, Kelmscott Press, much more. 22 black-and-white illustrations.
 id : 238595 ISBN : 0890877890  | name : The Radiant Kingdom  |  description : This guide offers the aspiring or beginning meditator an understanding of the fundamental elements of the different teachings, techniques and methods of meditation.
 id : 238602 ISBN : 0312206577  | name : The King's English  |  description : Spring/Summer 1999
 id : 238606 ISBN : 0814103642  | name : Books for You  |  description : Presents an annotated bibliography of 1200 books for high school students, divided into such sections as Human Rights, Romance, War, Easy Reading, Outdoor Life and Travel, and Colleges. Includes author and title indexes and a directory of publishers.
 id : 238609 ISBN : 0394700090  | name : The American Political Tradition and the Men who Made it  |  description : Forward by Christopher Lasch.
 id : 238611 ISBN : 0155722778  | name : Prose Models  |  description : Containing over 110 selections by contemporary and classic writers, PROSE MODELS is a rhetorical reader that covers the major elements of paragraph, essay and methods of development with an emphasis on Argument and Persuasive writing.
 id : 238612 ISBN : 0192815520  | name : The Small House at Allington  |  description : Engaged to the ambitious and self-serving Adolphus Crosbie, Lily Dale is devastated when he jilts her for the aristocratic Lady Alexandrina. Although crushed by his faithlessness, Lily still believes she is bound to her unworthy former fiance for life and therefore condemned to remain single after his betrayal. And when a more deserving suitor pays his addresses, she is unable to see past her feelings for Crosbie. Written when Trollope was at the height of his popularity, The Small House at Allington (1864) contains his most admired heroine in Lily Dale a young woman of independent spirit who nonetheless longs to be loved and is a moving dramatization of the ways in which personal dilemmas are affected by social pressures.
 id : 238614 ISBN : 0688008194  | name : Fallback  |  description : Aging computer genius Martin Ross and Defense Intelligence agent David Cane join forces to thwart a threat to American security and, when Ross is diagnosed as terminally ill, the Agency offers to transplant his brain to a healthy body
 id : 238615 ISBN : 0801836824  | name : The Riddle of Amish Culture  |  description : Since its publication in 1989, The Riddle of Amish Culture has become recognized as a classic work on one of America's most distinctive religious communities. But many changes have occurred within Amish society over the past decade, from westward migrations and a greater familiarity with technology to the dramatic shift away from farming into small business which is transforming Amish culture. For this revised edition, Donald B. Kraybill has taken these recent changes into account, incorporating new demographic research and new interviews he has conducted among the Amish. In addition, he includes a new chapter describing Amish recreation and social gatherings, and he applies the concept of "social capital" to his sensitive and penetrating interpretation of how the Amish have preserved their social networks and the solidarity of their community.
 id : 238617 ISBN : 0553052012  | name : A Truce with Time  |  description : Pat Landry struggles with professional and romantic failure and the ghosts of members of his late family as he tries to form a relationship with Lauren Hodge, a successful woman in control of her life
 id : 238618 ISBN : 0394529685  | name : Documents Relating to the Sentimental Agents in the Volyen Empire  |  description : An interplanetary agent on leave from service on Earth (Shikasta) reports to his superior from an Earth-like planet called Volyen.
 id : 238622 ISBN : 3423781297  | name : Sie sind die Antwort auf alles  |  description : Dorry, nach dem Umzug in eine Kleinstadt entwurzelt, gerät in eine Clique, die unter dem Namen äFischer der Menschenä als religiöse Gemeinschaft Mitglieder wirbt.
 id : 238623 ISBN : 0679737448  | name : One of Ours  |  description : Willa Cather's Pulitzer Prize-winning narrative of the making of a young American soldier. Claude Wheeler, the sensitive, aspiring protagonist of this beautifully modulated novel, resembles the youngest son of a peculiarly American fairy tale. His fortune is ready-made for him, but he refuses to settle for it. Alienated from his crass father and pious mother, all but rejected by a wife who reserves her ardor for missionary work, and dissatisfied with farming, Claude is an idealist without an ideal to cling to. It is only when his country enters the First World War that Claude finds what he has been searching for all his life. In One of Ours Willa Cather explores the destiny of a grandchild of the pioneers, a young Nebraskan whose yearnings impel him toward a frontier bloodier and more distant than the one that vanished before his birth. In doing so, she creates a canny and extraordinarily vital portrait of an American psyche at once skeptical and romantic, restless and heroic.
 id : 238625 ISBN : 0385248407  | name : Venus of Shadows  |  description : Set in the lifetime of the Venus project's second generation, this tale continues the saga of a planet being forged by its human inhabitants while internal battles and those declared by political opponents rage
 id : 238627 ISBN : 0452008751  | name : Alexander's Bridge  |  description : Bartley Alexander, a handsome bridge builder, is torn between his wife in Boston and a young Irish actress in London
 id : 238628 ISBN : 0688069460  | name : Red Branch  |  description : Tells the story of the revered legendary warrior Cuchulain in a land where the human and animal worlds merge, battles rage, and one man fully captures all the passion, violence, and enchantment of ancient Ireland.
 id : 238629 ISBN : 0061092185  | name : Men at Arms  |  description : It was a dwarf's dream. Captain Vimes of the Watch was retiring. That put Corporal Carrot in charge of the new recruits guarding Ankh-Morpork, Discworld's greatest city, from the Barbarian Tribes, Miscellaneous Marauders, unlicensed Thieves, and such. It was a big job, particularly for an adopted dwarf who was so homesick for the gold mines of Ramtop that he often locked himself in the dark room and hit himself on the head with an axe-handle, just for fun. It was a young lord's nightmare. Edward, the 37th Lord d'Eath, newly graduated from the School for Assassins (the ideal institution for those whose rank is higher than their intelligence), had made an astonishing discovery. Ankh-Morpork, kingless for generations, and ruled by Disorganized Crime, had a sovereign! The new king just had to be convinces that he was, in fact, a king. Corporal Carrot had a job. Lord d'Eath had a Task. And so began the most awesome epic encounter of all time, or at least all afternoon, in which good and evil, greed and honor, trolls and dwarves, dogs and bells and swamp dragons would clash, crash, toll, bark, shimmer, and simmer. The fate of a city, indeed a kingdom--nay, a very universe!--was to depend on a young man's courage, an ancient sword's magic, and three-legged poodle's bladder. Don't look so surprised. This is Discworld, where anything can happen. Which means that everything always does.
 id : 238633 ISBN : 0394742435  | name : The James Family  |  description : A profile of the extraordinary nineteenth-century American family recounts their reactions to one another, to contemporary writers and thinkers, and to major issues in American cultural history
 id : 238634 ISBN : 0192814346  | name : The Four Men  |  description : Four men--Myself, Grizzlebeard, The Sailor, and The Poet--wander through the Sussex of 1902. Their comical adventures and perceptions celebrate the vanishing landscape of unspoilt rural England and a lifestyle soon to become obsolete. The four characters are all personifications of aspects of Belloc's own nature.
 id : 238639 ISBN : 0525482881  | name : Heartbreak Tango  |  description : Juan Carlos, a self-styled ladies' man, is dying of tuberculosis. The four women in his life keep watch over him: his doting mother, his vigilant, protective sister, and the two current loves of his life--one a portrait of purity, the other as wicked as she is seductive.They all bemoan Juan's cruel destiny, and their devotion to him is so encompassing that their own lives are forgotten in the shadow of his decline.
 id : 238640 ISBN : 0441160263  | name : The Dorsai Companion  |  description : Presents a selection of shorter science fiction stories from Dickson's continuing saga, the "Childe Cycle"
 id : 238641 ISBN : 0517626357  | name : The Mill on the Floss  |  description : The best-known and most autobiographical of George Eliot's novels is now available as a Norton Critical Edition.
 id : 238643 ISBN : 0060106263  | name : Books and the Teenage Reader  |  description : In deze gids voor ouders, opvoeders en bibliothecarissen, is naast een aantal heldere uiteenzettingen over de leeservaring, leesvoorkeur en leesopvoeding van tieners, een aantal geannoteerde titellijsten van verschillende genres en van verschillende niveaus opgenomen
 id : 238648 ISBN : 0674697375  | name : Pragmatism, a New Name for Some Old Ways of Thinking ; The Meaning of Truth, a Sequel to Pragmatism  |  description : Pragmatism is the most famous single work of American philosophy. Its sequel, The Meaning of Truth, is its imperative and inevitable companion. The definitive texts of both works are here available for the first time in one volume, with an introduction by the distinguished contemporary philosopher A. J. Ayer. In Pragmatism James attacked the transcendental, rationalist tradition in philosophy and tried to clear the ground for the doctrine he called radical empiricism. When first published, the book caused an uproar. It was greeted with praise, hostility, ridicule. Determined to clarify his views, James collected nine essays he had written on this subject before he wrote Pragmatism and six written later in response to criticisms by Bertrand Russell and others. He published The Meaning of Truth in 1909, the year before his death. These two works show James at his best full of verve and good humor. Intent upon making difficult ideas clear, he is characteristically vigorous in his effort to make them prevail.
 id : 238649 ISBN : 0772012202  | name : Dreamspeaker and Tem Eyos Ki and the Land Claims Question  |  description : Two novellas.
 id : 238650 ISBN : 0812553241  | name : The Veils of Azlaroc  |  description : The settlers and tourists on Azlaroc are trapped in an ageless void during Veilfall, when shimmering rays of pure energy fall on the planet and create a time pocket from which there is no escape
 id : 238652 ISBN : 0151957479  | name : The Western Canon  |  description : In his analysis of Freud's interpretations of Shakespeare, Bloomsuggests that the bard so influenced Freud that he worked tirelessly to deny any genius in an ignorant Stratford actor. This chapter focuses on Freud's writings about "Hamlet", but significant comments are made on "King Lear" and "Macbeth".
 id : 238654 ISBN : 0156932504  | name : The Uses of Literature  |  description : In these widely praised essays, Calvino reflects on literature as process, the great narrative game in the course of which writer and reader are challenged to understand the world. Calvino himself made the selection of pieces to be included in this volume. Translated by Patrick Creagh. A Helen and Kurt Wolff Book
 id : 238655 ISBN : 0380017121  | name : Epitaph of a Small Winner  |  description : Ghost of prominent Brazilian weighs good against bad and balances the books of his life on earth.
 id : 238658 ISBN : 0520215990  | name : In Search of the Trojan War  |  description : For 3,000 years, tales of Troy and its heroes - Achilles and Hector, Paris and the legendary beauty Helen - have fired the human imagination. With In Search of the Trojan War, Michael Wood brings vividly to life the legend and lore of the Heroic Age in an archaeological adventure that sifts through the myths and speculation to provide a privileged view of the riches and the reality of ancient Troy. This edition includes a new preface, a new final chapter, and an addendum to the bibliography that take account of dramatic new developments in the search for Troy with the rediscovery, in Moscow, of the so-called Jewels of Helen and the re-excavation of the site of Troy which began in 1988 and is yielding new evidence about the historical city.
 id : 238659 ISBN : 0446301736  | name : Beyond the Safe Zone  |  description : Twenty-seven stories deal with immortality, intelligent dolphins, space travel, time travel, a robot pope, forced organ donorship, newspapers, from the future, extrasensory perception, and mutants.
 id : 238663 ISBN : 0879753773  | name : Fundamental Principles of the Metaphysic of Morals  |  description : "In [this book] Immanuel Kant, one of the most powerful philosophical minds of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries, inquires into the true nature of morality. ... Immanuel Kant outlines an ethical perspective that has been a vital force in the Western world."--Back cover.
 id : 238664 ISBN : 1573920630  | name : Critique of Practical Reason  |  description : Critique of Practical Reason, written by legendary author Immanuel Kant is widely considered to be one of the greatest classic and historical texts of all time. This great classic will surely attract a whole new generation of readers. For many, Critique of Practical Reason is required reading for various courses and curriculums. And for others who simply enjoy reading timeless pieces of classic literature, this gem by Immanuel Kant is highly recommended. Published by Classic Books International and beautifully produced, Critique of Practical Reason would make an ideal gift and it should be a part of everyone's personal library.
 id : 238665 ISBN : 0195101456  | name : Personal Recollections of Joan of Arc  |  description : A fictional account of the 15th century saint as a paragon of honesty, unselfishness, and innocence
 id : 238670 ISBN : 0060251875  | name : Earthseed  |  description : Before Zoheret and her companions can populate a new planet, they must learn to conquer those same instincts that almost destroyed their ancestors on Earth over one hundred years ago.
 id : 238671 ISBN : 0789437570  | name : Healthy Weight Loss  |  description : Four new and timely titles are added to the DK Healthcare Series all written by leading health expert and best-selling author, Dr. Miriam Stoppard. You & Your Toddler covers everyday care, development and play, talking, and a toddler's health. Dr. Miriam Stoppard is known to millions worldwide as a leading authority on childcare and women's health .Based on the most recent medical research .Illustrated throughout with charts, illustrations, and photographs.
 id : 238673 ISBN : 1562828711  | name : Organize Your Family  |  description : Offers tips concerning holiday planning, shopping, children, and organizing the household
 id : 238674 ISBN : 0441757227  | name : Second Star  |  description : This story of the completion of an L-5 space colony describes the obstacles faced during construction, such as the interference of aliens and sabotage
 id : 238677 ISBN : 0064634922  | name : Fiction Writer's Handbook  |  description : This book offers practical advice on every aspect of writing novels and short stories: plotting and narrative development, characterization and dialogue, sources of material, how to plan an opening, how to rough out chapters of a novel, how to use suspense and emotional color, how to rewrite and highlight, and much more. - Back cover.
 id : 238678 ISBN : 3257219997  | name : Tod eines Engländers  |  description : Florenz, kurz vor Weihnachten: Wachtmeister Guarnaccia brennt darauf, nach Sizilien zu seiner Familie zu kommen, doch da geschieht ein Mord. Betrug und gestohlene Kunstschätze kommen ans Licht, aber sie sind nur der Hintergrund zu einer privaten Tragödie. Zuletzt kommt der Wachtmeister (wenn auch eher unwillig) dem Mörder auf die Spur - und an Heiligabend gerade noch den letzten Zug nach Syrakus erwischt.
 id : 238679 ISBN : 325720227X  | name : Dornröschen war ein schönes Kind ...  |  description : Eine Ölpest bedroht die Küste Kaliforniens - eine schwierige Zeit für Jack Lennox, den Chef der schuldigen Ölfirma. Hinzu kommt, daß seine schöne, selbstmordgefährdete Tocher Laurel mit vierzig Schlaftabletten verschwindet und ein schmutziges Kapitel der Familiengeschichte ans Licht kommt. Um ein Haar gerät auch Privatdetektiv Lew Archer zwischen die Fronten.
 id : 238681 ISBN : 0375406727  | name : Eugene Onegin and Other Poems  |  description : Eugene Onegin (1833) is a comedy of manners, written in exquisitely crafted verse, about two young members of the Russian gentry, the eponymous hero and the girl Tatyana, who don’t quite connect. It is also the greatest masterpiece of Russian literature—the source of the human archetypes and the attitudes that define and govern the towering fictional creations of nineteenth-century Russia—and one of the most celebrated poems of the world. Before Alexander Pushkin (1799-1837) wrote Eugene Onegin, his nation’s literature was a parochial one; after he wrote it, due in no small part to its power and influence, the Russian tradition became one of the central traditions of Western civilization.
 id : 238684 ISBN : 0140247025  | name : The Leveling Wind  |  description : Pulitzer Prize-winning author George Will presents his fifth collection of essays, a compilation of columns, speeches, and reviews published between 1990 and 1994, which richly illustrates Will's distinctive voice on the state of the nation.
 id : 238686 ISBN : 0688105874  | name : Kitchen Survival Guide  |  description : When Lora Brody, cookbook author, chocolate maven, and mother, sent her sons off into the world, she (and they) realized that they didn't have a clue as to how to feed themselves or their guests, if, heaven forbid, they should have any. The Kitchen Survival Guide is for anyone -- newly graduated, newly married, newly single -- who is venturing into the kitchen for the first time. With her on-target brand of humor, Lora Brody builds kitchen confidence with more than 130 basic recipes necessary to get through life, as well as hundreds of helpful hints Mom forgot to share: On cleaning an oven -- "Manual cleaning oven, unfortunately, does not mean that a guy named Manuel will come and clean your oven." What's the difference between dicing and chopping, zest and pith, or au gratin and au lait? Survival recipes include tuna fish salad, homemade chicken soup, brownies, and many more. Setting up a kitchen and keeping it clean and safe, how to buy and store food, a glossary of basic cooking terms, and what to do in the event of a culinary disaster are all covered in this handy, easy-to-use cookbook and kitchen compendium.
 id : 238689 ISBN : 0156198061  | name : The Common Reader  |  description : A collection of critical essays by a 20th century writer whose views on everything were widely read.
 id : 238692 ISBN : 0062700383  | name : What If?  |  description : Organized by the elements of fiction and comprised primarily of writing exercises, this text helps students hone and refine their craft with a practical, hands-on approach to writing fiction.
 id : 238695 ISBN : 0312579667  | name : Novels and Novelists  |  description : An illustrated dictionary of novels and novelists that covers the novel's origin and development, how novelists' work, how to read novels, and a history of publication
 id : 238696 ISBN : 1850159424  | name : William Morris  |  description : Our mini stationery books are really selling well and give great variety to our mini book displays. Adding to our first six fine art mini stationery books, are two new titles, "Toulouse-Lautrec", "An Undated Diary", and "William Morris", "A Birthday Book". These books are designed so that they can be used to record important dates and birthdays each and every year.
 id : 238697 ISBN : 039470262X  | name : The Wild Palms  |  description : The intertwined stories of two pairs of lovers, which relate their desperate, futile attempts to escape poverty and decadence.
 id : 238699 ISBN : 1879941031  | name : Penhally  |  description : Landed Kentucky family over four generations in conflict with its inheritance.
 id : 238700 ISBN : 0553051741  | name : Showdown  |  description : Amado's largest, most magnificent novel to date is set in earthy, tropical Brazil. It is an unforgettable tale of the frontier full of violence and courage, lust and adventure.
 id : 238702 ISBN : 3473521094  | name : Katastrophentag  |  description : The reader's choices determine the course of a boy's trip to spend time working on his uncle's pig farm while his family visits Hawaii.
 id : 238703 ISBN : 0916773361  | name : Birthday Parties  |  description : Offers advice on planning a child's birthday party, and covers invitations, recipes, decorations, favors, music, party themes, and activities
 id : 238704 ISBN : 3423200413  | name : Ab durch die Mitte  |  description : Alternativ guide til det kendte og det ukendte Berlin, med anekdoter fortalt af transvestitten Charlotte von Mahlsdorf
 id : 238705 ISBN : 0394475410  | name : The Master of Go  |  description : Symbolic novel reporting a match of the Japanese game of go.
 id : 238709 ISBN : 0553210769  | name : The Complete Plays of Sophocles  |  description : Presents the seven surviving works of Greek tragedian Sophocles, and includes an introduction and prefactory notes on each play.
 id : 238711 ISBN : 0385029004  | name : Saint Francis of Assisi  |  description : Francis of Assisi is, after Mary of Nazareth, the greatest saint in the Christian calendar, and one of the most influential men in the whole of human history. By universal acclaim, this biography by G. K. Chesterton is considered the best appreciation of Francis's life--the one that gets to the heart of the matter. For Chesterton, Francis is a great paradoxical figure, a man who loved women but vowed himself to chastity; an artist who loved the pleasures of the natural world as few have loved them, but vowed himself to the most austere poverty, stripping himself naked in the public square so all could see that he had renounced his worldly goods; a clown who stood on his head in order to see the world aright. Chesterton gives us Francis in his world-the riotously colorful world of the High Middle Ages, a world with more pageantry and romance than we have seen before or since. Here is the Francis who tried to end the Crusades by talking to the Saracens, and who interceded with the emperor on behalf of the birds. Here is the Francis who inspired a revolution in art that began with Giotto and a revolution in poetry that began with Dante. Here is the Francis who prayed and danced with pagan abandon, who talked to animals, who invented the creche.
 id : 238712 ISBN : 222889446X  | name : Croisières et caravanes  |  description : Dans ses autres livres, Ella Maillart (1903-1997) nous narrait des aventures précises circonscrites dans le temps. Avec Croisières et caravanes, paru en 1951, c'est à travers un demi-siècle d'existence qu'elle nous promène, depuis sa jeunesse insouciante et rebelle en Suisse jusqu'à son long séjour en Inde qui la transforma si profondément. Pour la première fois, elle se laisse aller à raconter sa vie, et ce qui la fit courir ainsi vers l' " inconnu lointain ".
 id : 238713 ISBN : 0893810487  | name : Man Ray  |  description : "Man Ray pursued a dream-- the transformation of Surrealist effects into a new kind of photographic art. His images-- the Rayographs, solarizations, and portraits-- reject the strenuous search to exalt and with pure Dada esprit reflect the glee of spontaneous discovery."--Page 4 de la couverture.
 id : 238714 ISBN : 080707702X  | name : The Jefferson Bible  |  description : "We must reduce our volume to the simple evangelists, select, even from them, the very words only of Jesus. There will be remaining the most sublime and benevolent code of morals which has ever been offered to man."--Thomas Jefferson Featuring an introduction by Forrest Church, this reissue of "The Jefferson Bible" offers extraordinary insight into the logic of Thomas Jefferson and the Gospel of Jesus. Working in the White House in 1804, Jefferson set out to edit the Gospels in order to uncover the essence of true religion in the simple story of the life of Jesus. Jefferson was convinced that the authentic message of Jesus could be found only by extracting from the Gospels Jesus's message of absolute love and service, rather than the miracle of the Annunciation, Virgin Birth, or even the Resurrection. Completed in 1819, this little book is the remarkable result of Jefferson's efforts.
 id : 238715 ISBN : 2070382931  | name : A la recherche du temps perdu  |  description : Les parties blanches de barbes jusque-là entièrement noires rendaient mélancolique le paysage humain de cette matinée, comme les premières feuilles jaunes des arbres alors qu'on croyait encore pouvoir compter sur un long été, et qu'avant d'avoir commencé d'en profiter on voit que c'est déjà l'automne. Alors moi qui depuis mon enfance, vivant au jour le jour et ayant reçu d'ailleurs de moi-même et des autres une impression définitive, je m'aperçus pour la première fois, d'après les métamorphoses qui s'étaient produites dans tous ces gens, du temps qui avait passé pour eux, ce qui me bouleversa par la révélation qu'il avait passé aussi pour moi. Et indifférente en elle-même, leur vieillesse me désolait en m'avertissant des approches de la mienne.
 id : 238722 ISBN : 0020720203  | name : Six Great Ideas  |  description : Discusses complex philosophical problems in concrete language to better understand the eternal concepts that shaped Western culture.
 id : 238723 ISBN : 2070394956  | name : Le poisson-scorpion  |  description : Ce pourrait être le récit d'un séjour exotique, c'est le voyage intérieur d'un homme arrivé à Ceylan après un long périple, pour achever le voyage intérieur au bout de lui-même. Le narrateur fait lentement naufrage, enlisé dans la solitude et la maladie, frôlé par la folie. Et là, sous l'œil indifférent des insectes qui se livrent autour de lui à d'effroyables carnages, et des habitants qui marinent dans la chaleur comme un sombre bestiaire fainéant, l'auteur reconstruit, avec patience et ironie, un monde luxuriant et poétique. Au fil des chapitres, il observe et nous apprend à voir le spectacle mystérieux de ce monde des ombres d'où émergent d'étonnants portraits. Ainsi le lecteur participe à une sorte d'envoûtement dans ce récit bourré comme un pétard d'humour, de sagesse et d'espoir.
 id : 238724 ISBN : 0486202364  | name : Scepticism and Animal Faith  |  description : In this work, Santayana analyzes the nature of the knowing process and demonstrates by means of clear, powerful arguments how we know and what validates our knowledge. The central concept of his philosophy is found in a careful discrimination between the awareness of objects independent of our perception and the awareness of essences attributed to objects by our mind, or between what Santayana calls the realm of existents and the realm of subsistents. Since we can never be certain that these attributes actually inhere in a substratum of existents, skepticism is established as a form of belief, but animal faith is shown to be a necessary quality of the human mind. Without this faith there could be no rational approach to the necessary problem of understanding and surviving in this world. Santayana derives this practical philosophy from a wide and fascinating variety of sources. He considers critically the positions of such philosophers as Descartes, Euclid, Hume, Kant, Parmenides, Plato, Pythagoras, Schopenhauer, and the Buddhist school as well as the assumptions made by the ordinary man in everyday situations. Such matters as the nature of belief, the rejection of classical idealism, the nature of intuition and memory, symbols and myth, mathematical reality, literary psychology, the discovery of essence, sublimation of animal faith, the implied being of truth, and many others are given detailed analyses in individual chapters.
 id : 238725 ISBN : 0812509072  | name : White Jenna  |  description : Jenna was the White Queen, the thrice-born child of prophecy grown now into a beautiful, proud, desperate woman. Skada was the dark queen, the other half of Jenna's self, drawn out of a mirror by a rite of women's magic, bound to Jenna's side, confined to the dark. Both traversed a battle-torn land turned inside-out with the coming of White Jenna.
 id : 238726 ISBN : 0684843870  | name : Mrs. Whaley and Her Charleston Garden  |  description : The vibrant, opinionated, and totally engaging voice of 85-year-old Emily Whaley transforms a guided tour of one of the most visited private gardens in America into a magical adventure, alive with tidbits of advice and deeply moving reflections. Illustrations.
 id : 238727 ISBN : 0878300015  | name : An Actor Prepares  |  description : Explains the art of acting in semi-fiction form.
 id : 238728 ISBN : 0670819123  | name : The Book and the Brotherhood  |  description : In a study of obsession, love, betrayal, and friendship, a group of friends gathers at a midsummer ball at Oxford and the actions of one of them--a radical genius named David Crimond--sets off a crisis
 id : 238729 ISBN : 0671447548  | name : Mornings on Horseback  |  description : Examines the life of Theodore Roosevelt from age ten to twenty-seven, focusing on the influence of his family relationships and experiences on his growth to manhood.
 id : 238730 ISBN : 0156005824  | name : A Goat's Song  |  description : In a wind-battered cottage in western Ireland, playwright Jack Ferris tries to salvage something from his broken love affair with actress Catherine Adams. Misunderstandings, alcohol, religious differences, and despair have driven them apart. When Jack recreates Catherine in his imagination, the two world's of Catholic and Protestant run together back to the present.
 id : 238731 ISBN : 068811928X  | name : The Butterball Turkey Cookbook  |  description : Answers the fifty most frequently asked questions about turkey and provides more than 150 recipes for every part of the bird including the leftovers. 100,000 first printing. $20,000 ad/promo.
 id : 238732 ISBN : 0140050256  | name : The Dark Labyrinth  |  description : While on a Mediterranean cruise, a group of Englishmen are trapped by a landslide on Crete in the labyrinth of of the ancient Minotaur
 id : 238734 ISBN : 0553274813  | name : The Drive-in  |  description : In a wild tale of extraterrestrial exploits, aliens invade a drive-in movie theatre in Texas, leaving terror, thrills, blood, and popcorn in their wake
 id : 238735 ISBN : 0940322137  | name : The Living Thoughts of Kierkegaard  |  description : Translated from the Danish by Walter Lowrie, David Swenson, and Alexander Dru The Danish philosopher Kierkegaard is one of the master thinkers of the modern age, a defining influence on existentialism and on twentieth-century theology, and this brilliantly tailored selection from his vast and varied writings--made by the great English poet W.H Auden--is a perfect introduction to his work. Auden's inspired and incisive response to a thinker who had done much to shape his own beliefs is a fundamental reading of an author whose spirit remains as radical as ever more than 150 years after he wrote.
 id : 238741 ISBN : 0020223412  | name : The Best Short Stories  |  description : A classic for many years, this is a collection of 25 stories by "America's foremost humorist of the 1920's and one of the country's best fiction writers" ( New York Daily News). A sportswriter by trade, Larnder had a superb ear for regional speech peculiarities and was dearly loved for his humor.
 id : 238742 ISBN : 0345330137  | name : Double Star  |  description : One minute, down and out actor Lorenzo Smythe was -- as usual -- in a bar, drinking away his troubles as he watched his career go down the tubes. Then a space pilot bought him a drink, and the next thing Smythe knew, he was shanghaied to Mars. Suddenly he found himself agreeing to the most difficult role of his career: impersonating an important politician who had been kidnapped. Peace with the Martians was at stake -- failure to pull off the act could result in interplanetary war. And Smythe's own life was on the line -- for if he wasn't assassinated, there was always the possibility that he might be trapped in his new role forever!
 id : 238743 ISBN : 1559704799  | name : Memories of the Great & the Good  |  description : Over the course of his distinguished career as a foreign correspondent, which spans more than sixty years, Alistair Cooke has known, interviewed, or reported on literally hundreds of the most influential men and women of the twentieth century. Here he has collected his memories of more than a score of them: they include actors and generals, statesmen and eccentrics, a poet, a jazzman, an intensely scholarly woman and a casually funny one, an architect, a publisher, and several politicians--all of whom, in Cooke's view, have left the world a better or more interesting place. Book jacket.
 id : 238744 ISBN : 0394754034  | name : The Story of a Shipwrecked Sailor  |  description : Translated by Randolph Hogan. In 1955, Garcia Marquez was working for El Espectador, a newspaper in Bogota, when in February of that year eight crew members of the Caldas, a Colombian destroyer, were washed overboard and disappeared. Ten days later one of them turned up, barely alive, on a deserted beach in northern Colombia. This book, which originally appeared as a series of newspaper articles, is Garcia Marquez's account of that sailor's ordeal. "A luminous narrative that rivals the most remarkable stories of man's struggles against the sea."--Philadelphia Inquirer
 id : 238745 ISBN : 067943397X  | name : Lieutenant-colonel de Maumort  |  description : The unfinished memoir of a French soldier-philosopher. While describing bourgeois life in France before and after World War I, he ruminates on the futility of individual conscience in the face of evil.
 id : 238747 ISBN : 0553374427  | name : A Farce to Be Reckoned With  |  description : The demon Azzie Elbub commissions a play in which the seven deadly sins will be shown as the path to a fine life. But the angel Babriel gets wind of the scheme and sets in motion a counter-campaign. A comic fantasy.
 id : 238748 ISBN : 0192801449  | name : Russian Literature: A Very Short Introduction  |  description : This text explores the place and importance of literature of all sorts in Russian culture and aims to answer the questions: How and when did a Russian national literature come into being? and What shaped its creation?
 id : 238749 ISBN : 1892295245  | name : Venusberg  |  description : A major early work of the great British satirist Anthony Powell.
 id : 238750 ISBN : 0156999811  | name : The Zen Koan  |  description : Traces the history and origins of Koan, or Zen teachings, describes the organization of Koan study, and gathers traditional Chinese poems and study phrases.
 id : 238752 ISBN : 0441711456  | name : Redshift Rendezvous  |  description : Aboard a space ship, crew members are murdered one by one and First Officer Jason Kraft suspects that a band of mutineering pirates is determined to take over the ship
 id : 238753 ISBN : 0140007555  | name : Aaron's Rod  |  description : Lawrence called Aaron's Rod 'the last of my serious English novels - the end of The Rainbow, Women in Love line.' Written in the years following the First World War, Aaron's Rod questions many of the accepted social and political institutions of Lawrence's own generation and raises issues still important in our time. Aaron's Rod, completed in 1921, was censored by both Lawrence's American and English publishers. The Cambridge Edition of the novel, based on the only authoritative surviving typescript, restores these cut passages and eliminates the errors and house-styling of previous editions. The volume contains an introduction setting out the genesis of the novel, its transmission, publishing history and reception, as well as explanatory notes and a textual apparatus. The appendix contains some early cancelled passages from the novel, here published for the first time, which reveal the kinds of conceptual and stylistic changes that often occurred in Lawrence's revisions
 id : 238754 ISBN : 0684872722  | name : The Educated Child  |  description : The Educated Child defines a good education and offers parents a plan of action for ensuring that their children achieve it. The Educated Child defines a good education and offers parents a plan of action for ensuring that their children achieve it. Combining the goals that William Bennett enumerated as Secretary of Education, key excerpts from E. D. Hirsch's Core Knowledge Sequence, and the latest research, it sets forth clear curricula and specific objectives for children from kindergarten through the eighth grade, including: -What children should be studying and the kind of work they should be doing -Important facts to learn and essential reading lists -When children should master specific math skills, spelling and grammar basics, and scientific facts -Test preparation, homework, and other areas that require parental involvement The Educated Child also examines timely issues such as school choice, sex education, character education, and the phonics/whole language debate. Perhaps most important, it encourages parents to become advocates for their children by learning what to look for in a good school, how to talk to educators, and how, when necessary, to push for needed changes. For parents concerned about their children's current education and future lives, it is the ultimate handbook.
 id : 238757 ISBN : 0671240404  | name : Sonya  |  description : A sympathetic account of Sonya Tolstoy's struggle for independence reveals Sonya to be a forerunner of today's modern woman, showing how her intense love for Tolstoy was diminished by his refusal to see her as her own person.
 id : 238759 ISBN : 0960955607  | name : The Gasparilla Cookbook  |  description : Originally published in 1961, this timeless cookbook has become a regional classic with its melding of Spanish, Italian, Greek, Cuban, and Southern influences. Featured in multiple magazines. A Winner of the Southern Living Hall of Fame Award. Inducted into the McIlhenny Hall of Fame, an award given for book sales that exceed 100,000 copies.
 id : 238760 ISBN : 0156147890  | name : Bug-eyed Monsters  |  description : "13 stories of dripping, creeping, gurgling, purling, trilling, oozing, seeping, gushing deadly monsters" --
 id : 238762 ISBN : 0345275802  | name : The Star Beast  |  description : "Lummox had been the Stuart family pet for years. Though far from cuddly and rather large, it had always been obedient and docile. Except, that is, for the time it had eaten the secondhand Buick ... But now, all of a sudden and without explanation, Lummox had begun chomping down on a variety of things--not least, a very mean dog and a cage of virtually indestructible steel. Incredible!"--Back cover.
 id : 238763 ISBN : 0316082635  | name : On with the Story  |  description : Presented as a dozen tales exchanged by a middle-aged couple on vacation, an anthology of short stories explores the connections between language and thought, art and science, and life and love
 id : 238764 ISBN : 0764530798  | name : Discover Office 97  |  description : Discover Office 97 This practical guide offers a fast and easy way to learn the most popular office productivity tool around. Learn Office 97 with simple step-by-step instructions backed by real-world examples. From editing text in Word to creating a smashing PowerPoint slide show, you'll feel like a pro with Discover Office 97. Inside, Discover how to… Use Windows 95 to navigate smoothly between programs Customize any document with Word 97 Create charts and worksheets with Excel 97 Manage your workflow easily with Access 97 Deliver impressive presentations with PowerPoint 97 Use Outlook 97 to manage your e-mail and to stay on top of all your projects Get help quickly with Office Assistant and the Help Window Publish on the Web! 6-Point Advantage Color Tear-Out Card — Key information and shortcuts that get you up to speed fast Discovery Center — Quick summaries of the chapters' major points collected at the end of the book Real-Life Vignettes — Winning stories on how real people use technology to improve their lives Visual Index — Convenient picture maps direct you to the features you're looking for Web Paths — Handy references to feature- or topic-related Web sites Bonus Sections — End-of-chapter bonuses of useful tips and time-saving techniques http://www.idgbooks.com
 id : 238765 ISBN : 0448102234  | name : Chicken Little  |  description : A retelling of the traditional tale of the chick who gets hit on the head by a falling acorn and believes that the sky is falling. On board pages.
 id : 238768 ISBN : 0060910186  | name : Credos and Curios  |  description : Gathers humorous essays, short stories, and Thurber's profiles of seven American writers, including Benchley, Kaufman, and Fitzgerald
 id : 238769 ISBN : 0395637546  | name : MegaSkills  |  description : Includes material on teaching children confidence, motivation, effort, responsibility, initiative, perseverance, caring, teamwork, common sense, problem solving.
 id : 238770 ISBN : 093941676X  | name : The Case of the Not-so-nice Nurse  |  description : "When nurse Cherry Aimless lands in San Francisco in search of Nancy Clue and a flock of missing nuns, the earnestly whitegirl 50s meet the oh-so-queer 90s in a delighful parody of both girl detective novels and lesbian romantic fiction." -- Publisher's description.
 id : 238771 ISBN : 0393317153  | name : Faithful are the Wounds  |  description : A brilliant, well-loved, but politically committed English professor, shocks the academic community into much soul searching by committing suicide
 id : 238772 ISBN : 0397002858  | name : Joyce Chen Cook Book  |  description : Gives basic and essential knowledge of Chinese cookery, with recipes of Mandarin, Shanghai, Chunking and Cantonese origin simplified for Americans.
 id : 238773 ISBN : 0671432079  | name : Katherine Anne Porter  |  description : Recounts Katherine Anne Porter's rise from Texas log-cabin poverty to a position as a well-known short story writer and Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist, stressing her stamina, wit, and determination.
 id : 238774 ISBN : 0884042162  | name : The Doomed Planet  |  description : Jettero Heller, a combat engineer, is determined to overthrow the head of Voltar's secret police, Lombar Hisst, who has made himself dictator
 id : 238775 ISBN : 1566631300  | name : Wittgenstein (1889-1951) in 90 Minutes  |  description : Philosophical thought is deciphered and made comprehensible and interesting to almost everyone.
 id : 238776 ISBN : 0884042154  | name : Villainy Victorious  |  description : The invaders from the planet Voltar battle for control of the earth
 id : 238778 ISBN : 0060169699  | name : 101 Ways to Juice It!  |  description : Gives advice on choosing a juicer, provides tips on market shopping for produce, and furnishes recipes for fruit, vegetables, combinations of either, or both, and what to do with the pulp
 id : 238779 ISBN : 0884042111  | name : Fortune of Fear  |  description : Presents the fifth volume of the "Mission Earth" science fiction dekalogy
 id : 238789 ISBN : 0345287088  | name : Sugar Free, That's Me  |  description : An innovative, safe & delicious way for dieters, diabetics, & all health-consicious people to eat the foods they love while living longer, healthier lives. Rich with taste-tempting treats that the whole family will love.
 id : 238790 ISBN : 3630871453  | name : Im Spinnhaus  |  description : Über Kaiserreich, Nazizeit bis hin zum Sozialismus überdauert das alte Spinnhaus alle Katastrophen des 20. Jahrhunderts, indem es immer wieder den Frauen Zuflucht und Arbeit bietet.
 id : 238792 ISBN : 0413625508  | name : Monty Python's Flying Circus  |  description : This is the second volume of complete and unedited scripts from the four series of Monty Python's Flying Circus, with most of the 45 scripts published for the first time. It is published to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the first Monty Python show on BBC television.
 id : 238793 ISBN : 0451623339  | name : The Mentor Book of Major American Poets  |  description : Collection of over 400 American poems written by twenty American poets including Edward Taylor, Ralph Waldo Emerson, Edgar Allan Poe, E.E. Cummings, Emily Dickinson, and Robert Frost.
 id : 238794 ISBN : 2070428184  | name : Sourires de loup  |  description : "'Un matin de bonne heure, tard dans le siècle, à Cricklewood Broadway. À six heures et vingt-sept minutes, en ce 1er janvier 1975, Alfred Archibald Jones, tout de velours côtelé vêtu, était assis dans un break Cavalier Musketeer, rempli de vapeurs d'essence, le visage sur le volant, à espérer que la sentence divine ne serait pas trop sévère. Prostré, les mâchoires relâchées, les bras en croix comme quelque ange déchu, le poing refermé d'un côté (gauche) sur ses médailles militaires, de l'autre (droit) sur son certificat de mariage, pour la bonne raison qu'il avait décidé d'emporter ses erreurs avec lui. Il avait joué à pile ou face et s'était tenu sans défaillir au verdict du hasard. Il s'agissait là d'un suicide mûrement réfléchi. Mieux, d'une résolution de nouvel an.' Maniant le loufoque, la satire et l'humour avec un art consommé, Zadie Smith produit ici un premier roman détonant, qui frappe par son ambition et son extraordinaire énergie. Ajoutons l'actualité des sujets abordés et la vitalité d'une prose qui se colore de tous les accents de la terre." [Source : 4e de couv.]
 id : 238795 ISBN : 0312851685  | name : Requiem  |  description : A collection of Heinlein's works--including two major novellas, Destination Moon and Tenderfoot in Space--features contributions by Arthur C. Clarke, Tom Clancy, and others that pay tribute to Heinlein.
 id : 238798 ISBN : 0312245572  | name : The Haunting of Torre Abbey  |  description : "Watson, do you believe in ghosts?" With this question, Sherlock Holmes shatters the calm of a quiet evening in their London flat and, with Dr. John Watson at his side, embarks upon a particularly strange case. Holmes has received a request for aid from Lord Charles Cary, whose family is seemingly being threatened by ghosts in and around the family manor. The manor is Torre Abbey, a twelfth-century monastery in Torquay, Devon, and it has a long history of hauntings. While skeptical of the supernatural, Holmes does believe that the Cary family is in danger-a belief which proves to be horrifyingly accurate when, shortly after they arrive at Torre Abbey, a household member dies suddenly, mysteriously, and seemingly of fright. As strange sightings and threatening apparitions become almost commonplace, Holmes must uncover the secrets of the haunted abbey and the family that lives there if he is to have any hope of protecting the living and avenging the dead. In a case that taxes his wits, and seems beyond the reach of his usual methods, Holmes must grapple with his most deadly and unforgiving foe.
 id : 238799 ISBN : 1857020804  | name : Road Fever  |  description : In these times of global economic crisis, social unrest towards the powers that be, and a yearning for alternative systems and organization, it is now more relevant than ever for you to take a critical stance to your management studies in order to analyse, understand and question the world around you and the capitalist stronghold in which you live and work. This new thought-provoking text uses critical theory and revolutionary ideas to help you challenge the status quo and prevailing ideologies in management. It covers key issues, thinkers and topics in an accessible style to provide a broad and clear understanding of vital theory which is applied to the real world through international case studies and reflective questions and think points for you to carry into practice. A companion website provides additional learning materials for personal study and class activities (www.sagepub.co.uk/dyer). This text is essential reading for any undergraduate or postgraduate student studying critical management or any management course with a critical slant.
 id : 238800 ISBN : 0441142273  | name : The Kruton Interface  |  description : Assigned to the Repulsive, the lowest rated ship in the Space Forces, Captain David Wanker faces his greatest challenge when an army of alien lawyers sues the entire human race. Original.
 id : 238801 ISBN : 0441522130  | name : A Matter of Time  |  description : Detective Sergeant Cash faces a complicated political conspiracy that involves the past, present, and future
 id : 238803 ISBN : 0881841641  | name : The Maurizius Case  |  description : Jacob Wasserman's ackknowledged masterpiece of the pursuit of justice is one of the triumphant novels of ideas in this century. Leonhart Maurizarius, convicted of the muder of his wife, is languishing in prison. His case has been forgotten by everyone except the imprisoned man and his father, who is convinced of his innocence. The story of how the father provokes first the son of the man who prosecuted the case and then the prosecutor himself to reopen and re-examine the mystery is a narrative at once wise in the ways of human behavior and rich in the dramatization of philosophical concerns.
 id : 238804 ISBN : 0740733052  | name : I Want to Be the Kitty  |  description : A collection of Mutts comic strips featuring Mooch the cat and Earl the dog.
 id : 238805 ISBN : 0886774357  | name : Stone of Farewell  |  description : "An exquisite rendering of the conflict between the forces of light and darkness" ("San Francisco Chronicle") is the second book in the trilogy that launched one of the most important fantasy writers of our time.
 id : 238806 ISBN : 0752847201  | name : Blitzed!  |  description : Steve Strange was head boy of the New Romantic movement. He ran the best clubs in London: Billy's, Blitz and Camden Palace, which defined the glitzy banality of the era; places where Spandau Ballet and Boy George came to life. He was the glamourpuss of glamourpusses, the campest boy in town. He formed, with Midge Ure, Visage, which became one of the biggest bands of the time, selling millions of records and gaining tabloid notoriety. This work recounts the rise and fall of the Blitz Kid himself and recounts from the epicentre the excess of the early eighties: the clubs, the people, the music, the money, his time spent recovering in Ibiza and India, the subsequent steady decline into cocaine and heroin abuse and his rise back to sanity. Steve recounts how he lost all his possessions in a house fire and days later learned of the death of his close friend Michael Hutchence. Within a couple of years Paula Yates had also committed suicide and Strange had ended up back in South Wales, homeless, mentally unstable and facing a court order for shoplifting. Somehow he managed to pull himself back from the brink.
 id : 238807 ISBN : 0352333065  | name : Forbidden Fruit  |  description : Beth is a divorcee in her mid-thirties. Jonathan is only 16. The forbidden nature of their powerful sexual relationship is more explosive than anything Beth has known, and the age difference between them doesn't seem to matter as they embark on a lust-filled whirlwind romance.
 id : 238809 ISBN : 1558284796  | name : Creating Great Web Graphics  |  description : This high-powered but friendly reference belongs on every webmaster's desk."--BOOK JACKET.
 id : 238811 ISBN : 1566040477  | name : Looking Good in Print  |  description : Now celebrating its tenth anniversary, with nearly a quarter million copies sold, Ventana's Looking Good in Print has become a classic, which virtually launched an entire genre. In its three previous editions, this book garnered superlative accolades from both the general and computer media. The fourth edition moves dramatically forward into the now-mature desktop publishing world, covering every conceivable type of print publishing format. Filled with professional advice on myriad topics, users learn to design with the reader in mind, avoid common design pitfalls and much more.
 id : 238813 ISBN : 0140061436  | name : Nuns and Soldiers  |  description : Set in London and in the South of France, this brilliantly structured novel centers on two women: Gertrude Openshaw, bereft from the recent death of her husband, yet awakening to passion; and Anne Cavidge, who has returned in doubt from many years in a nunnery, only to encounter her personal Christ. A fascinating array of men and women hover in urgent orbit around them: the "Count," a lonely Pole obsessively reliving his &eacutemigré father's patriotic anguish; Tim Reede, a seedy yet appealing artist, and Daisy, his mistress; the manipulative Mrs. Mount; and many other magically drawn characters moving between desire and obligation, guilt and joy. This edition of "Nuns and Soldiers" includes a new introduction by renowned religious historian Karen Armstrong.
 id : 238816 ISBN : 0394441567  | name : Pylon  |  description : Relates the experiences of four individuals competing in an aviation contest during the Mardi Gras celebration in New Orleans
 id : 238818 ISBN : 0374226024  | name : Highlanders  |  description : Examines the bloody conflicts that have torn the Caucasus apart since the dissolution of the Soviet Union.
 id : 238821 ISBN : 0553350064  | name : The Murder at the Vicarage  |  description : 'Anyone who murdered Colonel Protheroe,' declared the parson, brandishing a carving knife above a joint of roast beef, 'would be doing the world at large a service!'
 id : 238823 ISBN : 1841151203  | name : Trigger Happy  |  description : Ground-breaking account of the cultural history and impact of videogames, from Pong and Space Invaders to Tomb Raider and Tekken. Videogames are here to stay. It is now more than a quarter of a century since the appearance of the first commercially available videogame, Pong. Now the profits on blockbuster games are measured in terms of the first weekend's millions, like those of mass-market films. Sony estimates that nearly 1 in 5 UK households has a Playstation; worldwide sales of its console have topped 30 million. Videogame design is now the subject of accredited BSc degrees at universities. The market domination by British based videogame companies is one of the success stories of the decade. Yet videogames are still seen as a compromised art-form, derivative at best, actively harmful at worst. In Trigger Happy, Steven Poole asks the question: If this is an artform, what kind of an artform is it? Where did it come from, and where is it going?
 id : 238826 ISBN : 0865532036  | name : The Baker Street Dozen  |  description : Collects twelve favorite Sherlock Holmes stories, essays by prominent Sherlockians, and various interludes, curiosities, and miscellanea
 id : 238827 ISBN : 1856261115  | name : If the Sun Doesn't Kill You, the Washing Machine Will  |  description : Transported by his employer to work in the Middle East, Peter Wood became enmeshed in the bizarre and hilarious lifestyle of the desert state of Qatar. In this book he reveals how the most mundane operations of daily life can prove bafflingly complex.
 id : 238828 ISBN : 1557850461  | name : The Devil Is Dead  |  description : Here, Lafferty tells of an astonishing band of adventurers seeking the Devil himself. It is a tale of demons and changelings, monsters and mermaids--and of how it is not always serious to die, the first time it happens. From the author of Fourth Mansions.
 id : 238829 ISBN : 0380897652  | name : The Order of the Day  |  description : Vera Martins, agent for the Ministry of Agriculture, investigates an extraterrestrial coup d'etat in the heart of the Amazonian jungle
 id : 238833 ISBN : 0600603555  | name : PilateSystem  |  description : This guide features exercises based on the Pilates method, which uses elements of yoga and classical dance to keep body and mind in shape. Containing sections on posture, breathing, warm-ups and the use of weights, the book shows how this exercise can be incorporated into everyone's lifestyle.
 id : 238838 ISBN : 0874517451  | name : Archyology  |  description : America's beloved archy & mehitabel finally return in these entrancing uncollected stories.
 id : 238839 ISBN : 006251153X  | name : Normal Sex  |  description : In the spirit of witty New Yorker cartoons and the off-beat humor of Gary Larson, Steven Appleby presents a hilarious collection of cartoons revealing the wacky side of sex in the 1990s. For anyone who appreciates the inherent humor of modern love, this book will be a joy.
 id : 238840 ISBN : 0060268506  | name : Sunspacer  |  description : This novel, set on Mercury, concerns a boy attending college there.
 id : 238842 ISBN : 044110276X  | name : The Chantry Guild  |  description : A lone ship piloted by Dorsai Amanda Morgan runs the blockade of the Earth. She has come to rouse Hal Mayne from his research to go to Kultis, where the secretive Chantry Guild holds mastery over the Alternate Forces. The answers they find there may decide humanity's most critical moment.
 id : 238844 ISBN : 0425068013  | name : Sad Cypress  |  description : Roddy and Elinor get an anonymous letter warning that their rich Aunt Laura was thinking of cutting them off, and soon Elinor finds herself charged with murder. Only Hercule Poirot can uncover the truth. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 238848 ISBN : 0671705989  | name : A Caribbean Mystery  |  description : As Miss Marple sat basking in the Caribbean sunshine, she felt mildly discontented with life. True, the warmth eased her rheumatism, but here in paradise nothing ever happened. Eventually, her interest was aroused by an old soldier's yarn about strange coincidence. Infuriatingly, just as he was about to show her an astonishing photograph, the Major's attention wandered. He never did finish the story... June Whitfield stars as the sharp-witted spinster sleuth in a BBC full-cast radio drama.
 id : 238851 ISBN : 0740726730  | name : The Legal Lampoon  |  description : When he launched Non Sequitur a decade ago, Wiley Miller knew he didn't want a running joke. So he took the name of his strip from the Latin phrase for "it does not follow" and created a comic that features no central character or theme, no setting or time frame, just a Twilight Zone of cartoon moments. Day after day, Non Sequitur hilariously jabs at the feats and foibles of life, skewering everyone from doctors to politicians. Wiley's irreverent, satirical wit, combined with his superbly crafted illustrations, confirms once and for all that the universe is one big joke at humanity's expense.In Wiley's world, no one is a better target than lawyers. That's why The Legal Lampoon, a collection of the cream of Non Sequitur's legal cartoon crop, will be one of the Wiley's most popular books.Consider the poor panhandler standing next to a signboard that reads, "Stood on principle. Won my lawsuit. Went bankrupt." Or the Master of Spin, responding to his client's lost appeal to the parole board: "Congratulations! You've been held over by popular demand . . ." Or a fund-raiser who can't get any donations until she edits her sign to read: "Donations to spay and neuter stray pets and lawyers." Throughout the pages of The Legal Lampoon, lawyers get a royal roasting. It's a hilarious collection that will appeal to everyone who both reviles and respects lawyers. Yes, it's true: Many lawyers let Wiley know how much they appreciate his attorney humor. It's a book made in legal heaven.
 id : 238852 ISBN : 3538050988  | name : Der abenteuerliche Simplicissimus  |  description : Klassisk tysk eventyr- og dannelsesroman fra trediveårskrigen
 id : 238853 ISBN : 0312855494  | name : Alien Bootlegger and Other Stories  |  description : The author explores what it really means to be an alien in this collection of short stories
 id : 238856 ISBN : 0812537874  | name : Web of Defeat  |  description : Gideon Sunday is faced with the possibility of being stranded in the land of Chey, unless he can fight his way through demons, witches, and dragons to find the Bridge that can take him safely home
 id : 238860 ISBN : 0684860279  | name : It's what He Would've Wanted  |  description : Best known as a stand-up comedian and television star, Sean Hughes has won acclaim with his trademark black comedy. In It's What He Would've Wanted, Hughes combines edgy humor with considerable narrative powers to tell the story of Shea Hickson, whose footloose, disaffected existence is turned upside down when he finds his father, a BBC weatherman, hanging from the light fixture. The Hicksons appear to be a quintessentially comfortable, suburban, middle-class family. But when Shea discovers an encoded journal his Father had been keeping, he uncovers shocking revelations about his father's disappointed life as a parent, husband, and disillusioned minor celebrity. With wry humor and savage undercurrents the tale winds through the seamier side of London life -- skirting the worlds of television, newspapers, and small-scale urban terrorism. Ultimately, the unraveling of the Hickson family's increasingly distasteful secrets forces a reluctant Shea to grow up.
 id : 238866 ISBN : 0740726641  | name : FoxTrot, Assembled with Care  |  description : One of America's most treasured comic strips is releasing its eighth treasury, FoxTrot: Assembled with Care. And eight most assuredly will not be enough for fans of the funny pages.Bill Amend's FoxTrot debuted April 10, 1988, and 14 years later it's undisputedly among the most popular strips in newspapers. This colorful compilation of cartoons from FoxTrot's last two years again demonstrates that few entertainers in any medium are better at finding humor in everyday family life than Amend.At the core of much of the strip's wild humor is 10-year-old Jason. He tortures his parents and two teenage siblings Peter and Paige out of their minds with his computer and his pet iguana, Quincy. In this latest treasury, parents Roger and Andrea again have their hands full. In one strip, Jason boldly bursts into their bedroom in the middle of the night to announce that it's "2 A.M. and the lights still work." In another, Jason surprises his mom with a new beep for her computer known simply as "Defcon One." Jason also holds his own with his older siblings, spelling "My Sister Is Ugly" with the carved faces of 14 pumpkins.As FoxTrot surpasses the two million mark in book sales, it continues to demonstrate its timelessness with its always fresh, irreverent, and zany brand of family humor. Like other successful FoxTrot books before it, FoxTrot: Assembled with Care captures the humorous side of the trials and tribulations that come with daily family life like no other strip today.
 id : 238869 ISBN : 0465024750  | name : Fluid Concepts & Creative Analogies  |  description : Describes research projects in cognitive science over the past twenty years, and discusses arithmetical play, analogy, research evaluation, and creativity
 id : 238870 ISBN : 0345339762  | name : The World at the End of Time  |  description : When the fledgling colony of Newmanhome is threatened by impending ecological and galactic disaster, Viktor Sorricaine is determined to discover the powers behind the destruction
 id : 238871 ISBN : 0312851987  | name : Other  |  description : In the latest volume in the Childe Cycle series, an experiment to rejoin, in one man, the disparate human cultures--each of which has its own special ability--distributed among the "Young Worlds" planets has unforeseen consequences.
 id : 238872 ISBN : 055337141X  | name : If at Faust You Don't Succeed  |  description : The first collaboration by Zelazny and Sheckley, Bring Me the Head of Prince Charming, was a #1 Locus bestseller and was hailed by the Philadelphia Inquirer as "a foolish field day . . . cute as the dickens". Now from these two ingenious and outrageous talents comes a rollicking new fantasy.
 id : 238873 ISBN : 0312850239  | name : The Alternative Detective  |  description : Hob Draconian, an aging former hippie detective, discovers that you cannot maintain the status quo by being decent when people are trying to kill you.
 id : 238874 ISBN : 0747518041  | name : Euphemisms  |  description : Over 3,000 ways to avoid being rude or giving offence.
 id : 238875 ISBN : 0895269066  | name : Thomas Mann, the Ironic German  |  description : Professor Heller sees Mann as an ironic writer and the late heir of the central tradition of modern German literature.
 id : 238876 ISBN : 067166851X  | name : Star Trek, Spock's World  |  description : Relates the story of the enigmatic Mr. Spock and his mysterious home of Vulcan, now threatened by a mysterious crisis
 id : 238878 ISBN : 0061000639  | name : The Malacia Tapestry  |  description : FICTION-SCIENCE FICTION
 id : 238879 ISBN : 0894718770  | name : Writers on Writing  |  description : Arranged by subjects, writers share their writing correlated philosophies.
 id : 238881 ISBN : 0471052604  | name : The Internet Navigator  |  description : A thorough revision of its highly successful predecessor. All addresses and instructions in the first edition have been carefully checked and updated. All significant new services affecting the dial-up user are described. Includes detailed coverage regarding the expansion of Internet access by large commercial online services as well as the ``no frills'' approach of using ``mail only'' access to the net. Features an extensive list of local service providers—small companies offering low-cost access to individuals.
 id : 238883 ISBN : 0595186955  | name : Birth  |  description : Dana te Tobar Eilern, taken as a toddler to be protected and receive edification from a powerful and prominent spiritual organization in the Empyrean soon surpassed all expectations of her guardians. Only a few in the Praman Elite were aware of her true potential and Providence. It was indeed Dana’s Harmonic capabilities that would require her to protect and defend the spiritual Praman as they had her. She would be pitted against a malevolent essence determined to claim the Empyrean. Dana’s path also lead to reunification of her past life and love. Book 1 of the Harmonic Saga Trilogy-Birth watch for Book 2-Battle Book 3-Beginning
 id : 238884 ISBN : 0440401852  | name : A Girl from Yamhill  |  description : Follows the popular children's author from her childhood years in Oregon through high school and into young adulthood, highlighting her family life and her growing interest in writing. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 238885 ISBN : 0595225179  | name : Shattered Deceptions  |  description : Dani fights to save her marriage and her reputation but the proof of her innocence is cruelly discounted by her husband. She tragically learns that her marriage to wealthy and powerful Rafe de Corba has all been a sham an illusion. She is left with no choice but to leave his home and New Mexico to start a new life, taking her wonderful secret with her. Rafe soon discovers the truth surrounding Dani and comes to terms with his true feelings for his wife. But will it be too late? Would she ever want anything to do with him after his caustic remarks and scathing denouncement? Rafe had to know, even if the answer would leave him alone forever. He vows to find Dani if it takes the rest of his life.
 id : 238888 ISBN : 0345325656  | name : The Annals of the Heechee  |  description : Robinette Broadhead desperately tries to prevent the mysterious Foe from putting an end to all intelligent life in the universe
 id : 238889 ISBN : 0441090753  | name : The Callahan Touch  |  description : Opening night at Mary's Place draws a packed house, including Lucky Duck, who has a talent for defying the laws of probability, a member of Ireland's fairy folk, and a mysterious stranger carrying around a deadly secret.
 id : 238892 ISBN : 0140187316  | name : The Reef  |  description : This is a pre-1923 historical reproduction that was curated for quality. Quality assurance was conducted on each of these books in an attempt to remove books with imperfections introduced by the digitization process. Though we have made best efforts - the books may have occasional errors that do not impede the reading experience. We believe this work is culturally important and have elected to bring the book back into print as part of our continuing commitment to the preservation of printed works worldwide.
 id : 238894 ISBN : 0425064085  | name : A Coffin for Dimitrios  |  description : A chance encounter with a Turkish colonel with a penchant for British crime novels leads Charles Latimer, himself the author of a handful of successful mysteries, into a world of sinister political and criminal maneuvers throughout the Balkans in the years between the world wars. At first merely curious to reconstruct the career of the notorious Dimitrios, whose body has been identified in an Istanbul morgue, Latimer soon finds himself caught up in a shadowy web of assassination, espionage, drugs, and treachery. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 238895 ISBN : 0140045961  | name : The Takeover  |  description : Black comedy by the author of SYMPOSIUM
 id : 238896 ISBN : 0140183906  | name : A Spy in the House of Love  |  description : This story explores the inner world of a fascinating and complex woman whose affairs with four men express all the duplicity and fragmentation of self involved in the search for love
 id : 238898 ISBN : 0140432558  | name : The Figure in the Carpet and Other Stories  |  description : For himself, beyond doubt, the thing we were all so blank about was vividly there. It was something, I guessed, in the primal plan, something like a complex figure in a Persian carpet. He highly approved of this image when I used it, and he used another himself. "It's the very string," he said, "that my pearls are strung on!" The reason of his note to me had been that he really didn't want to give us a grain of succor -- our density was a thing too perfect in its way to touch. He had formed the habit of depending on it, and if the spell was to break it must break by some force of its own. He comes back to me from that last occasion -- for I was never to speak to him again -- as a man with some safe preserve for sport. I wondered as I walked away where he had got _his_ tip.
 id : 238902 ISBN : 0415094038  | name : Game Theory  |  description : In recent years game theory has swept through all of the social sciences. Its practitioners have great designs for it, claiming that it offers an opportunity to unify the social sciences and that it the natural foundation of a rational theory of society.
 id : 238903 ISBN : 0801499224  | name : Racism and Justice  |  description : Affirmative action: does it really counteract racism? Is it morally justifiable? In her timely and tough-minded book, Gertrude Ezorsky addresses these central issues in the ongoing controversy surrounding affirmative action, and comes up with some convincing answers. Ezorsky begins by examining the effectiveness of affirmative action as a remedy for institutional racism in the workplace. She analyzes the ways in which common practices-selection of employees based on personal connections, qualification, and seniority standards-perpetuate the injurious effect of past racial discrimination, and she assesses the rationale for such affirmative action measures as objective job-related testing, numerical goals, and preferential treatment for basically qualified blacks. To illuminate the social reality in which affirmative action takes place, she draws on recent work by social scientists and legal scholars. Turning to the moral issues, Ezorsky posits two basic justifications for affirmative action: first, looking backward-to provide deserved compensation for past racial injustice that was sanctioned, practiced, and encouraged by our government; second, looking forward-to promote racial desegregation in the American workplace. Unlike some supporters of affirmative action, she does not deny that preferential treatment may place an unfair burden on white males. Indeed, she suggests specific practical measures for spreading that burden more equitably. Clear-headed, well-reasoned, and persuasive, this book will be read eagerly by everyone from students to legislators, by anyone concerned with racial justice in America.
 id : 238904 ISBN : 0253201217  | name : Five Plays  |  description : Tambourines to Glory, Soul Gone Home, Little Ham, Mulatto, and Simply Heavenly reflect the black author's concern with the position of the Negro in the United States
 id : 238905 ISBN : 0880014407  | name : The Assignation  |  description : A woman's lover seems not to recognize her on the street. A teenage girl accepts a ride from a stranger in a rust-speckled Cadillac. An old man is obsessed by the memory of his innocent childhood intrusion on a half-dressed aunt. In forty-four very short, very powerful stories, Joyce Carol Oates fashions brief, intensely compact dramas out of the unwieldy material of human experience. The stories in The Assignation are infused with a "radiant intensity," wrote James Atlas in the New York Times Book Review, and they convey the depth and scope of a novel in a few charged pages. The Assignation is an electric display of the talents that make Joyce Carol Oates one of our finest short story writers.
 id : 238908 ISBN : 0415040116  | name : Experimental Design and Statistics  |  description : The distinguishing feature of experimental psychology is not so much the nature of its theories as the methods used to test their validity. The first edition of Experimental Design and Statistics provided a clear and lucid introduction to these methods and the statistical techniques which support them. For this new edition the text has been revised, the coverage of two-sample tests has been extended, and new sections have been added introducing one-sample tests, linear regression and the product-moment correlation coefficient. Problems associated with the applications of experimental design and how to use observations of behaviour in research are key questions for all introductory students of psychology. This new and expanded edition provides them with an invaluable text and source.
 id : 238913 ISBN : 1570716196  | name : The Farmers' Market Guide to Vegetables  |  description : An illustrated collection of recipes and information on the selection, storage, preparation, and cooking of vegetables.
 id : 238916 ISBN : 0451527526  | name : Incidents in the Life of a Slave Girl  |  description : The author, the child of mulatto parents, recounts her childhood in slavery, the abuse she suffered, her escape to the North, and the help she received from both blacks and whites, and documents the degradation and injustices of slavery. Reprint.
 id : 238918 ISBN : 0451527658  | name : The Last of the Mohicans  |  description : The tale of a Mohican brave's struggle to protect two English girls from an evil Huron.
 id : 238922 ISBN : 0696019477  | name : Woodworking Tools You Can Make  |  description : Provides diagrams and instructions for making useful hand tools, power tools, accessories, and shop organizers.
 id : 238924 ISBN : 0743223039  | name : The Summer Fletcher Greel Loved Me  |  description : Haley Ellyson falls in love with Fletcher Greel, the judge's son.
 id : 238926 ISBN : 0802726828  | name : Further Along the Road Less Traveled  |  description : Explores love, relationships, and spiritual growth, covering blame and forgiveness, death and the meaning of life, and other topics
 id : 238927 ISBN : 1564147029  | name : The Essential J.R.R. Tolkien Sourcebook  |  description : This first-of-its-kind book will be in stores well before the December 2003 movie release of the eagerly anticipated conclusion to the "Lord of the Rings" trilogy, "The Return of the King."
 id : 238928 ISBN : 0740731653  | name : The Osbournes  |  description : Describes the life and career of rock star and television personality Ozzie Osbourne, his marriage to his present wife, Sharon, his children, and the television program that presents a look at their family life.
 id : 238932 ISBN : 0521046297  | name : The General Prologue to the Canterbury Tales  |  description : A well-established and respected series. Texts are in the original Middle English, and each has an introduction, detailed notes and a glossary. Selected titles are also available as CD recordings.
 id : 238933 ISBN : 0786700025  | name : The Game Show King  |  description : The former host of "The Gong Show" discusses his creation of "The Newlywed Game," "The Dating Game," and other television programs, his fall from grace, and life in his adopted France. 40,000 first printing. $25,000 ad/promo.
 id : 238935 ISBN : 0002238861  | name : To Play the King  |  description : The second book in the trilogy that inspired the hit Netflix series House of Cards After scheming his way to power in House of Cards, newly elected Prime Minister Francis Urquhart takes on the new King, The role of the monarchy in modern Britain comes under scrutiny as Prime Minister Francis Urquhart threatens to expose Royal secrets when his plans are blocked by the idealistic new King. Their differences of opinion quickly degenerate into open hostility. The battlefield ranges from architecture to the underprivileged; the battle is fought with rigged opinion polls, manipulated newspaper headlines, sexual scandal and economic brinkmanship as Urquhart sets out to destroy not only the King's family and friends but even the King himself. Continuing the dark tale of greed, corruption, and unquenchable ambition, To Play the King reveals that no matter the country, politics, intrigue and passion reign in the corridors of power. "This blood and thunder tale, lifelike and thoroughly cynical, certainly carries the ring of authenticity....a great triumph." The Independent"
 id : 238939 ISBN : 0316848123  | name : The Lion's Game  |  description : April 1986 : American F - 111 warplanes bomb the Al Azziyah compound in Libya where President Gadhafi is residing. A 16-year-old youth, Asad - Arabic for 'lion ' - loses his mother, two brothers and two sisters in the raid. Asad sees himself as chosen to avenge not only his family but his nation, his religion and the Great Leader - Gadhafi. An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth. Twelve years later, Asad arrives in New York City, intent on killing all five surviing pilots across America who participated in the bombing , one by one. John Corey - from the international bestseller PLUM ISLAND - is no longer with the NYPD and is working for the Anti-Terrorist Task Force. He has to stop Asad's revenge killings. But first he has to find him. A thrillingly entertaining read from a master storyteller.
 id : 238940 ISBN : 0451199464  | name : Insurrection Red  |  description : A Navy SEALS unit is sabotaged by an infiltrator.
 id : 238942 ISBN : 1873631693  | name : The White Bird Passes  |  description : Jessie Kesson's story of a young girl growing up in the crowded backstreets of a Scottish city.
 id : 238943 ISBN : 0345350820  | name : The Garfield Book of Cat Names  |  description : The king of cat comedy gives his candid opinions on favorite, most innovative, and most despised names for cats, with thoughts on the psychological damage done to the ill-named feline.
 id : 238945 ISBN : 0140088385  | name : Our Fathers' Lies  |  description : Ted Dougal, a retired British intelligence officer, and his son, William, investigate the murder of a historian and find a connection with a poisoning fifty years in the past
 id : 238946 ISBN : 1572970596  | name : Mortal Kombat  |  description : In fifth-century China, Kung Lao hides an amulet from the sorcerer Shang Tsung and the demon lord Shao Kahn, which a twentieth-century Kung Lao is forced to help find for a band of mercenaries working for Shang Tsung
 id : 238947 ISBN : 0671880489  | name : Arc Light  |  description : A political thriller by a military expert with extensive first-hand knowledge of the Russian military describes an accidental nuclear war between Russia and the United States near the end of this century
 id : 238950 ISBN : 0879518863  | name : Bleeding London  |  description : Three strangers in search of London's heart and soul, mapping out their stories from Acton to Hackney, Chelsea Harbour to Woolwich, in a comic dance of sex and death.
 id : 238952 ISBN : 1853262234  | name : The Small House at Allington  |  description : Frankenstein is the classic gothic horror novel which has thrilled and engrossed readers for two centuries. Written by Mary Shelley, it is a story which she intended would ‘curdle the blood and quicken the beatings of the heart.’ The tale is a superb blend of science fiction, mystery and thriller. Victor Frankenstein driven by the mad dream of creating his own creature, experiments with alchemy and science to build a monster stitched together from dead remains. Once the creature becomes a living breathing articulate entity, it turns on its maker and the novel darkens into tragedy. The reader is very quickly swept along by the force of the elegant prose, the grotesque, surreal imagery, and the multi-layered themes in the novel. Although first published in 1818, Shelley’s masterpiece still maintains a strong grip on the imagination and has been the inspiration for numerous horror movies, television and stage adaptations.
 id : 238953 ISBN : 0460878204  | name : Christina Rossetti  |  description : This full-scale biography of Rossetti, reinstates her in her rightful place as a luminary among Victorian poets. Like Emily Dickinson, with whom she is often compared, Rossetti is a poet's poet who wrote some of the Victorian period's most lush, most original, and also some of its most restrained poetry. Because of the new appreciation for this highly accomplished work, and also because, through her brother Dante Gabriel Rossetti, Christina is so closely associated with the Pre-Raphaelites and their superb art and bohemian lives, there had been a resurgence of interest in this enigmatic writer. Here we learn of the deep sexual passions and ambivalence of her young adulthood; the men she chose and later denied; the warmth of her family life; her close ties to the grand literary figures of Victorian London; the religious devotion that suffused her later years; and her frustrated ambition to fulfill her life as an artist and a woman. Drawing on unread works and newly available letters, Marsh also makes sense for the first time of Rossetti's adolescent breakdown and recurrent depressions.
 id : 238957 ISBN : 0140437797  | name : A Sentimental Journey  |  description : “Funny, human, highly learned and literary, sexy, and filled with psychological nuances that remain unrivaled at the hands of any other psychological writer.” —André Aciman A Penguin Classic A Sentimental Journey is a novel without a plot, a journey without a destination. It records the adventures of the amiable Parson Yorick, as he sets off on his travels through France and Italy, relishing his encounters with all manner of men and women—particularly the pretty ones. Sterne's tale rapidly moves away from the narrative of travel to become a series of dramatic sketches, ironic incidents, philosophical musings, reminiscences, and anecdotes; sharp wit is mixed with gaiety, irony with tender feeling. With A Sentimental Journey, as well as his masterpiece, Tristram Shandy, Sterne forged a truly original style and established himself as the first of the stream-of-consciousness writers. This Penguin Classics edition features an introduction that discusses the novel in relation to Sterne's other writing and places it within the context of "sentimental" literature. Also included are a chronology, suggestions for further reading, and full explanatory notes. For more than seventy years, Penguin has been the leading publisher of classic literature in the English-speaking world. With more than 1,800 titles, Penguin Classics represents a global bookshelf of the best works throughout history and across genres and disciplines. Readers trust the series to provide authoritative texts enhanced by introductions and notes by distinguished scholars and contemporary authors, as well as up-to-date translations by award-winning translators.
 id : 238959 ISBN : 0385721994  | name : Wuhu Diary  |  description : In 1994 an American writer named Emily Prager met her new daughter LuLu. All she knew about her was that the baby had been born in Wuhu, a city in southern China, and left near a police station in her first three days of life. Her birth mother had left a note with Lulu's western and lunar birth dates. In 1999 Emily and her daughter–now a happy, fearless four-year-old--returned to China to find out more. That journey and its discoveries unfold in this lovely, touching and sensitively observed book. In Wuhu Diary, we follow Emily and LuLu through a country where children are doted on yet often summarily abandoned and where immense human friendliness can coexist with outbursts of state-orchestrated hostility–particularly after the U. S. accidentally bombs the Chinese embassy in Belgrade. We see Emily unearthing precious details of her child’s past and LuLu coming to terms with who she is. The result is a book that will delight anyone interested in China, and that will move and instruct anyone who has ever adopted--or considered adopting--a child.
 id : 238964 ISBN : 0866229698  | name : A Step-by-step Book about Pet Lizards  |  description : Completely Illustrated with full-color photos, this easily understood, enjoyable book is packed with information especially designed to meet the needs of new lizard owners. Touching all the bases, from nutrition to environment on through medicine, this book is a complete introductory guide, allowing the reader to acquire a solid base of knowledge on which to build a rewarding new hobby.
 id : 238966 ISBN : 0812991702  | name : Let Me Take You Down  |  description : A top crime journalist reveals precisely how the world-shattering murder of John Lennon happened—and why In Let Me Take You Down, Jack Jones penetrates the borderline world of dangerous fantasy in which Mark David Chapman stalked and killed Lennon: Mark David Chapman rose early on the morning of December 8 to make final preparations. . . . Chapman had neatly arranged and left behind a curious assortment of personal items on top of the hotel dresser. In an orderly semicircle, he had laid out his passport, an eight-track tape of the music of Todd Rundgren, his little Bible, open to The Gospel According to John (Lennon). He left a letter from a former YMCA supervisor at Fort Chaffee, Arkansas, where five years earlier, he had worked with refugees from the Vietnam War. Beside the letter were two photographs of himself surrounded by laughing Vietnamese children. At the center of the arrangement of personal effects, he had placed the small Wizard of Oz poster of Dorothy and the Cowardly Lion. “I woke up knowing, somehow, that when I left that room, that was the last time I would see the room again,” Chapman recalled. “I truly felt it in my bones. I don’t know how. I had never seen John Lennon up to that point. I only knew that he was in the Dakota. But I somehow knew that it was it, this was the day. So I laid out on the dresser at the hotel room . . . just a tableau of everything that was important in my life. So it would say, ‘Look, this is me. Probably, this is the real me. This is my past and I’m going, gone to another place.’ “I practiced what it was going to look like when police officers came into the room. It was like I was going through a door and I knew I was going to go through a door, the poet’s door, William Blake’s door, Jim Morrison’s door. . . . I was leaving what I was, going into a future of uncertainty.” Praise for Let Me Take You Down “Jack Jones has written a beautiful book, rare in its attention to the social context giving rise to stalkers and assassins of celebrities . . . celebrity worship is ambivalent—admiration shares the altar with envy. When the worshipped disappoints, a ‘nobody’ can become a ‘somebody’ by killing the pop culture idol. Let Me Take You Down is both fascinating and brilliant.”—Ladd Wheeler, Professor of Psychology, University of Rochester, Former President of the Society for Personality and Social Psychology
 id : 238967 ISBN : 2702401163  | name : Les blondes et papa  |  description : Anodin, le complexe des blondes ! Du moins, en apparence. Car le mal peut avoir des conséquences graves. En effet, mis en présence d'une personne de sexe féminin pourvue d'une chevelure blonde, le sujet atteint se trouve instantanément transporté au septième ciel. Comprenette bloquée. Sourire extatique. Roucoulades et discours enflammés. Très dangereux tout cela... Lanto Morgan souffre justement de ce redoutable complexe. Et ayant rencontré une charmante blonde, il plane à des altitudes que lui seul peut atteindre. C'est pourquoi il est surpris de trébucher soudain sur un cadavre. Et il ne s'explique pas non plus la présence de l'arme du crime dans sa main droite...
 id : 238972 ISBN : 2253135410  | name : L'âge de Pierre  |  description : Architecte familier du succès, Pierre, vieillissant, quitte Paris, son métier et sa femme pour se retirer dans un coin perdu de l'Irlande. Là, au contact de la pluie, de la mer et des pierres, il laisse la vie et le monde se retirer de lui. Cette marche vers l'indifférence s'accompagne bientôt d'une extraordinaire métamorphose physique : la pétrification qui le gagne, et à la fin le figera, sans douleur mais sans rémission. Le romancier d'Un concours de circonstances donne ici un livre de sagesse, celui de la réconciliation de l'homme avec sa destinée, de l'anéantissement consenti parmi les éléments. Guimard vient à coup sûr d'écrire son livre le plus émouvant. François Nourissier, Le Figaro-Magazine. Celui qui le lira découvrira ce que devrait être un roman, et que c'est merveilleux. Jacques Folch-Ribas, La Presse-Montréal.
 id : 238973 ISBN : 1586480278  | name : Washington  |  description : Written in secret before her death in 1999, Greenfield's (editor, Washington Post, and Pulitzer Prize winner) narrative outlines the process of competitive image projection as it erodes the moral and personal sense of politicians and their journalistic counterparts. She identifies the principal species of the Washington DC subculture and recounts the history she saw unfold. Attention is given to the hostility toward professional women, the fall of the Southern oligarchy, the careers of eight Presidents (Kennedy to Clinton), and even occasional heroics. c. Book News Inc.
 id : 238974 ISBN : 0312905173  | name : The Nightmares on Elm Street  |  description : Tells the full story of Freddy Krueger, the deformed madman with razor-edged fingers of death
 id : 238976 ISBN : 2265057622  | name : Maigret et le voleur paresseux  |  description : Maigret grommelait entre ses dents en traversant le pont Saint-Michel, où la bise courbait les passants. Cela lui arrivait souvent de discourir ainsi à mi-voix. Il ruminait. Furieux de l'attitude du Parquet, et de cette fin stupide d'honoré Cuendet jà qui on avait écrabouillé le visage après l'avoir assommé. Honoré Le Vaudois, l'homme à l'hippocampe.
 id : 238977 ISBN : 2070367835  | name : Le livre de la jungle  |  description : " Quoique les mâchoires de Père Loup se fussent refermées complètement sur le dos de l'enfant, pas une dent n'égratigna la peau lorsqu'il le déposa au milieu de ses petits. Qu'il est mignon Qu'il est nu !... Et qu'il est brave dit avec douceur Mère Louve. Le bébé se poussait. entre les petits, contre la chaleur du flanc tiède. Ah ! Ah ! Il prend son repas avec les autres... Ainsi c'est un petit d'homme. A-t-il jamais existé une louve qui pût se vanter d'un petit d'homme parmi ses enfants."
 id : 238978 ISBN : 044651442X  | name : The New Springtime  |  description : The only person who can stop genocidal madness from sweeping the earth is Nialli, whose people, including her parents, think her insane.
 id : 238979 ISBN : 0811803457  | name : Christmas Stories  |  description : A selection of Christmas stories including the traditional and some you won't find elsewhere. Includes stories, poems, plays, and essays.
 id : 238980 ISBN : 0440503590  | name : Christmas Gift!  |  description : In this timeless, touching holiday memoir drawing on his own experiences as a child of the Depression, master storyteller Ferrol Sams rekindles the sentiment and spirit of the Christmas season in a book that will capture the hearts of generations to come.
 id : 238981 ISBN : 0894808257  | name : Joy to the World  |  description : A compilation of Victorian collectibles celebrates Christmas with a medley of antique holiday greeting cards, paper toys and games, rare ornaments, and text on the lore, legends, and history of Christmas
 id : 238982 ISBN : 1562220187  | name : Complete Tenor Banjo Method  |  description : The finest tenor banjo method available, this text represents Mel Bay's own approach to fundamental musicianship for those desiring to play tenor banjo. This book is the standard by which others are judged. Easy-to-understand and thorough in its approach, this method addresses both melody playing and chord strumming. Through numerous studies, folk songs and several duets, students are systematically introduced to the various notes and positions on the tenor banjo fretboard. Photos of the fretboard fingertips aid in learning the proper hand positions. Once in two volumes, this method is now presented it its entirety in this single comprehensive edition. In notation only. Tuned for Mandola.
 id : 238983 ISBN : 0062730894  | name : The Film Encyclopedia  |  description : Gay and Lesbian Cinema: p. 513-514.
 id : 238986 ISBN : 0810923718  | name : Performance Art  |  description : First published in 1979 and now extensively updated, this pioneering book has been expanded with a definitive account of the technological, political and aesthetic shifts in performance art that mark its transition to the twenty-first century. An astonishing increase in the number of works and venues around the world testifies to this art form as the chosen medium for articulating "difference," whether dealing with issues of identity, multiculturalism or globalism. The desire for direct engagement with today's most prominent artists explains the wide appeal of performance art to the ever broadening audience for new art. Mariko Mori, Paul McCarthy, and Matthew Barney, as well as the groups Forced Entertainment and Desperate Optimists, among many others, can now be seen in the historical context of other innovators in the field from the Dadaists to Laurie Anderson. Book jacket.
 id : 238987 ISBN : 0520047605  | name : Kino-eye  |  description : Dziga Vertov was one of the greatest innovators of Soviet cinema. The radical complexity of his work--in both sound and silent forms--has given it a central place within contemporary theoretical inquiry. Vertov's writings, collected here, range from calculated manifestos setting forth his heroic vision of film's potential to dark ruminations on the inactivity forced upon him by the bureaucratization of the Soviet state.
 id : 238992 ISBN : 0671763547  | name : How to Prepare and Present a Business Plan  |  description : Joseph R. Mancuso reveals all you need to know about creating the written document that will secure your venture capital...and help you become an enviably successful entrepreneur!
 id : 238993 ISBN : 087923587X  | name : A B C Et Cetera  |  description : This is a book about the Roman alphabet and the people who used it as a medium for the transmission of their civilization. Primarily, this means the Romans and their Italic subjects, speakers of Latin who disseminated the language, and the culture of which it was an expression, throughout Europe and the coasts of the Mediterranean Sea. As speakers, readers, and writers of English, we are greatly indebted to the long line of purveyors of Latin in its various forms. When words are borrowed, concepts come with them. So, if we have borrowed a wide variety of Latin words, it follows that we have also borrowed a great deal of the cultural stuff that they encase. This book takes a look at what the authors consider to be some of the more intriguing cultural/linguistic goodies that have crept willy-nilly into the English language over the ages from the Latin cornucopia. - Preamble.
 id : 238994 ISBN : 0299160343  | name : Wisconsin Folklore  |  description : Highly entertaining and richly informative, Wisconsin Folklore offers the first comprehensive collection of writings about the surprisingly varied folklore of Wisconsin. Beginning with a historical introduction to Wisconsin's folklore and concluding with an up-to-date bibliography, this anthology offers more than fifty annotated and illustrated entries in five sections: "Terms and Talk," "Storytelling," "Music, Song, and Dance," "Beliefs and Customs," and "Material Traditions and Folklife." The various contributors, from 1884 to 1997, are anthropologists, ethnomusicologists, historians, journalists, museologists, ordinary citizens reminiscing, sociologists, students, writers of fiction, practitioners of folklore, and folklorists. Their interests cover an enormous range of topics: from Woodland Indian place names and German dialect expressions to Welsh nicknames and the jargon of apple-pickers, brewers, and farmers; from Ho-Chunk and Ojibwa mythological tricksters and Paul Bunyan legends to stories of Polish strongmen and Ole and Lena jokes; from Menominee dances and Norwegian fiddling and polka music to African-American gospel groups and Hmong musicians; from faith healers and wedding and funeral customs to seasonal ethnic festivities and tavern amusements; and from spearing decoys and needlework to church dinners, sacred shrines, and the traditional work practices of commercial fishers, tobacco growers, and pickle packers. For general readers, teachers, librarians, and scholars alike, Wisconsin Folklore exemplifies and illuminates Wisconsin's cultural traditions, and establishes the state's significant but long neglected contributions to American folklore.
 id : 238998 ISBN : 2253049123  | name : Le crime de Combe Jadouille  |  description : Que cherche César Abadie, en ce début d'été 1986 lorsqu'il revient dans la demeure familiale, repliée sur les débris d'un passé luxueux, au fond des bois du Périgord ? A la Faujardie, qu'il a fuie dix ans plus tôt, au sortir de l'adolescence, le temps est suspendu depuis un demi siècle. Son frère Paul, qui cultive la propriété, Finou, la vieille cuisinière et René l'ouvrier agricole, ne lui demanderont rien, mais l'encercleront de leur vigilance impitoyable. Ni l'apparente richesse de César, ni l'inquiétante désinvolture de ses amis n'intimideront ce monde paysan, ligué contre les intrus. Marie, que César a aimé autrefois, parviendra-t-elle à l'aider ? Ou, ayant tenté sans succès d'échapper à la protection étouffante du clan, est-elle aussi désormais tenue à l'écart. Autour de la grande maison aux prises avec l'exclu et les étrangers, l'affrontement ira jusqu'au crime. De loin, le bourg de Reyssac observe en silence. Les affaires de famille ne regardent personne. Après l'éclatant succès de Fontbrune et de Puynègre, Brigitte le Varlet nous entraîne à nouveau dans son Périgord natal avec le Crime de Combe Jadouille, saisissant roman de mœurs sur une France rurale dont les valeurs profondes demeurent intactes.
 id : 239002 ISBN : 0671776509  | name : Frequent Flyer  |  description : A look at commercial airlines discusses the jobs of pilots, mechanics, plane designers, traffic controllers, dispatchers, schedulers, weather forecasters, salesman, labor leaders, and others and recounts anecdotes about air travel. 30,000 first printing.
 id : 239003 ISBN : 0806510145  | name : How Con Games Work  |  description : Don't learn about the con artist the hard way: With "How Con Games Work, " spot him and his tricks before he can relieve you of your cash!
 id : 239004 ISBN : 0801845882  | name : What Engineers Know and how They Know it  |  description : "The biggest contribution of Vincenti's splendidly crafted book may well be that it offers us a believably human image of the engineer."--Technology Review. Johns Hopkins Studies in the History of Technology. Merritt Roe Smith, Series Editor.
 id : 239006 ISBN : 0965801403  | name : Never Come Down  |  description : A woman inherits a ghost town from an aunt and discovers love. She is Darcy Close, he is Evan Allender, a carpenter, and the town is Leap Year, Colorado. Riches follow when she tries her hand at mining. Synopsis copyright Fiction Digest
 id : 239008 ISBN : 0895557819  | name : The Passion  |  description : Presents still photographs taken during the filming of Mel Gibson's "The Passion of the Christ," accompanied by passages from the gospels.
 id : 239009 ISBN : 0195127129  | name : An American Mosaic  |  description : Given in memory of Jack T. Kent by Elaine Vance.
 id : 239011 ISBN : 0312186738  | name : Time and Trouble  |  description : Seasoned investigator Emma Howe has been in the business so long nothing can surprise her. But her new assistant, an overeducated single mother named Billie August, nearly manages to amaze her. Billie is quick, ambitious, smart. And a lot tougher than she appears. That's a good thing, because Emma has just taken a case that will rock both of their worlds. Sophie Redmond has come to Emma in a desperate search for her teenage daughter, whom she fears has joined a bizarre cult. In an odd twist of fate, Emma and Billie recognize wheelchair-bound Mrs. Redmond as an insurance scammer they've been tailing for another client. The woman's fake injuries are only one symptom of a family plunge into darkness-a legacy one troubled girl wants desperately to escape.
 id : 239012 ISBN : 0813011442  | name : Idella  |  description : The domestic relates her experiences working on the Florida farm with the American author
 id : 239013 ISBN : 082172553X  | name : Twisted Cross  |  description : Under the leadership of the courageous jet fighter pilot Hawk Hunter, the armies of freedom have rescued their besieged nation from the Soviet warlords. But a terrifying new threat looms near America's southern border, and the only way to save a strategic waterway is from the air.
 id : 239014 ISBN : 067169779X  | name : Toolmaker Koan  |  description : In the not-too-distant future, after a One-Day War separates the world into two opposing power blocs, a Soviet space probe discovers Charon, an ancient, god-like computer system that has been studying Earth for centuries
 id : 239015 ISBN : 0373222386  | name : Presumed Guilty  |  description : Miranda's ex-lover is found murdered. She had a motive and the opportunity. After being arrested for the crime, Miranda is shocked to learn she's been released on bail--bail posted by someone determined to remain anonymous. Is someone trying to help Miranda? Or is someone trying to manipulate Miranda and draw her into the dark and secret world of a murdered man, where everybody's presumed guilty?
 id : 239016 ISBN : 0312261934  | name : Literary Seductions  |  description : A fascinating and revealing look at complex relationships that mix love, ambition, talent, and need explores the dynamics between such artistic couples as Robert Graves and Laura Riding, Anans Nin and Henry Miller, and W. B. and George Yeats.
 id : 239017 ISBN : 0812542916  | name : Planet of Whispers  |  description : The cat-like aliens of the planet Chan attempt to trade the secret to long life to the Messengers in exchange for much-needed wheat
 id : 239020 ISBN : 0553220322  | name : Familiar Words  |  description : When Beth Simms moves to a small town in Idaho to teach English and raise her son alone, she doesn't expect Jack Reardan, a handsome single father, to sweep her off her feet
 id : 239021 ISBN : 0812567102  | name : The Age of Innocence  |  description : A colorful, unabridged edition of the classic story of love and romantic betrayal among high society in 1870s New York--which won the Pulitzer Prize in 1921--includes a foreword, afterword, and a biography of the author. Reissue.
 id : 239022 ISBN : 0380753537  | name : 14 Vicious Valentines  |  description : An anthology of short horror fiction includes tales written by Bill Crider, Migon Eberhart, Rick Houtala, Edward D. Hoch, and more, accompanied by an introduction by Isaac Asimov
 id : 239023 ISBN : 0553220381  | name : Scoundrel  |  description : Returning to her Mississippi hometown, Cassie D'Clair meets Blue Mitchum, the man who figured heavily in her teenage diary and fantasies, and who now sets out to win her with his caresses
 id : 239024 ISBN : 0865531838  | name : Agent of Byzantium  |  description : Basil Argyros, an elite agent for the Byzantine Empire, realizes that the new invention of gunpowder may force the collapse of Byzantium
 id : 239025 ISBN : 0060175109  | name : Powertown  |  description : In the struggle for power in Washington, D.C., a burst of violence brings together the city's diverse characters
 id : 239026 ISBN : 0373254555  | name : The Lady and the Dragon  |  description : The Lady And The Dragon by Regan Forest released on May 24, 1991 is available now for purchase.
 id : 239027 ISBN : 055327984X  | name : Crystal Witness  |  description : Awaking from suspended animation and uncertain of her past, Ming Dalamani is troubled by requests for information by two very different men and by her role in the governing interplanetary corporation
 id : 239029 ISBN : 0440218624  | name : Dead Heat  |  description : For forty years they flooded Colorado—gold diggers, silver miners, outlaws, gamblers, and pioneers—looking for another Golden Fleece. Colorado comes alive in this classic overview of the gold and silver rushes, where fortunes were won and lost. Phyllis Flanders Dorset has re-created a lusty frontier scenario of one of the most exciting chapters in American history. Crammed with colorful characters and unforgettable incidents, The New Eldorado races through lawless, thrilling, turn-of-the-century Colorado with the fascination of a novel and fidelity of scholarly history. Phyllis Flanders Dorset is a freelance technical editor and the author of Historic Ships Afloat.
 id : 239030 ISBN : 157008324X  | name : Impressing Jeanette  |  description : High school student Andrew Stenson worries about how to get popular Jeanette McCaffrey to notice him, particularly when good-looking, athletic Tony Burhold moves into town.
 id : 239035 ISBN : 0684857626  | name : The Other Side  |  description : Jacob Wilson is ambivalent about the Civil War that rages around him, until the local militia discover the runaway slaves hiding on his Ohio farm and retaliate by abusing his mother and destroying his home.
 id : 239037 ISBN : 039914644X  | name : Healing ADD  |  description : A new approach to the nation's most common learning disorder identifies six types of Attention Deficit Disorder and provides guidelines for choosing the proper treatment regimen.
 id : 239038 ISBN : 0523412762  | name : The Westerby Inheritance  |  description : After Jane's father gambles away his house and estates, Jane agrees to have an affair with Lord Welbourne, if he can win them back for her
 id : 239039 ISBN : 0380786079  | name : Every Wish Fulfilled  |  description : Heather Duval, the Earl of Stonehurst's orphaned ward, has always known she will never marry. But she is content running the earl's grand country manor -- until Damien Tremayne hires on as estate manager. Then Heather suddenly fears her world may never be the same. Intense and fiercely passionate, Damien arouses feelings long denied -- with only one kiss! Questions about his brother's murder have led Damien to this place ... and to Heather. And though desire and destiny seem to bind them, he must battle his dangerous attraction to this beauty. There are shattering secrets to be faced and lies to be untangled. Yet what if the truth destroys her trust in him ... and imperils them both?
 id : 239040 ISBN : 0312254075  | name : Place Last Seen  |  description : During a day hike in the Desolation Wilderness of the Sierra Nevada, the Baker family's life turns upside down when the youngest, a six year-old girl with Down Syndrome, disappears while playing hide-and-seek with her brother. Place Last Seen follows the paths of two stories--the Rescue and Search team's efforts to find Maggie and her family's attempts to come to terms with their loss. Clear, moving, and never sentimental, Place Last Seen explores the complicated bonds of family life.
 id : 239041 ISBN : 084393784X  | name : The Savage  |  description : Trying to escape a witchcraft charge, Modesty Brown is forced to marry a buckskin-clad savage known as Mad Dog Jones, a man whose tortured past makes him resist any thought of wife and family. Original.
 id : 239044 ISBN : 067082108X  | name : Family Attractions  |  description : "...A collection of stories as mournful as country music. The characters, between whom the distances are long and harsh as the salt falts of Freeman's native Utah, gaze out windows and wear out floorboards pining for people who are sometimes right beside them. "--Goodreads.com.
 id : 239047 ISBN : 0821770136  | name : Fair Rose  |  description : Lady Rose Fairchild refused to be married off in order to settle her family's debts, so she flees to America, determined to take over her late father's Virginia plantation and run it on her own. However, she didn't expect to fight handsome Peter Walters, an American with designs on Willow Oaks. Peter is no English gentleman. So how can he explain the unmistakable attraction sparking between them?
 id : 239048 ISBN : 0060187034  | name : In the Palm of Darkness  |  description : "In the Palm of Darkness" tells the story of American herpetologist Victor Griggs and Haitian guide Thierry Adrien, who are searching for an amphibian known as the blood frog in the mountains of violence-torn Haiti. The rich and tragic tale of Thierry's family, his life and loves, and his curious destiny, forms a backdrop for the obsessive search of the two men from different cultures and opens a window onto another way of understanding the world.
 id : 239049 ISBN : 0380974355  | name : Cosm  |  description : When a young scientist's ambitious experiment goes terribly wrong, a sphere that is comprised of never-before-seen components remains from the high-energy explosion, and this new form opens up a mysterious new vista that will shock the world and introduce a new realm of terror.
 id : 239050 ISBN : 0373286511  | name : Golden Paradise  |  description : Sweeping from the sands of Arabia to the glitter and opulence of Imperial Russia, Susan Johnson presents a glorious and turbulent story of love and war, a tale of two lovers who find the fiercest battleground lies within their own hearts.
 id : 239051 ISBN : 0449146901  | name : Three Rivers  |  description : The Nile. Yachts. Limousines. New York. Sex. A fabulous woman. A sensational man. Three Rivers. A novel of all life's most exquisite pleasures, from the author of Cheyney Fox.
 id : 239053 ISBN : 0375704167  | name : Timeline  |  description : Michael Crichton's new novel opens on the threshold of the twenty-first century. It is a world of exploding advances on the frontiers of technology. Information moves instantly between two points, without wires or networks. Computers are built from single molecules. Any moment of the past can be actualized -- and a group of historians can enter, literally, life in fourteenth-century feudal France. Imagine the risks of such a journey. Not since Jurassic Park has Michael Crichton given us such a magnificent adventure. Here, he combines a science of the future -- the emerging field of quantum technology -- with the complex realities of the medieval past. In a heart-stopping narrative, Timeline carries us into a realm of unexpected suspense and danger, overturning our most basic ideas of what is possible
 id : 239055 ISBN : 157145330X  | name : Simple Handmade Furniture  |  description : Presents 23 furniture projects for anyone who has ever wanted to get a grip on woodwork but doesn't know how to start. Includes detailed, step-by-step instructions, full-color photographs of all stages of the project, a materials list for each, and an extended glossary.
 id : 239058 ISBN : 0425118789  | name : A Daring Deception  |  description : Impoverished Janice Dering takes a job as a governess so that she may see Paris, and on the way there, she meets Lord St. Aubyn
 id : 239059 ISBN : 0801874254  | name : Why Survive?  |  description : "Butler questions the value of long life for its own sake; modern medicine, he says, has ironically created 'a huge group of people for whom survival is possible but satisfaction in living elusive.' He proposes sweeping policy reforms to redefine and restructure the institutions responsible for what he calls 'the tragedy of old age in America.'" -New York Times Book Review "Crammed with facts that explode old myths." -Boston Globe "Heavily documented, highly readable . . . jammed with recommendations for constructive change in every area." -Science "I commend it for clarity and lucidity, unpretentiousness and comprehensiveness . . . I think it is a classic." -Karl Menninger M.D.
 id : 239060 ISBN : 037307655X  | name : MacDougall's Darling  |  description : MacDougall's Darling by Emilie Richards released on Jun 23, 1995 is available now for purchase.
 id : 239062 ISBN : 0553107038  | name : Mama Rocks the Empty Cradle  |  description : Mama's back on the case, sniffing out dark, tragic secrets...and a killer. Not much happens in Otis, South Carolina (pop. 5,000) that Mama, a caseworker for the Department of Social Services, doesn't know about. Mama's given name is Grace Covington, but everyone calls her Candi--for the honeyed color of her complexion, not her cooking (which is second to none from Otis all the way to Atlanta, where I work as a paralegal). I usually go home when I need some truly soul-satisfying eating. But this time I was heading back to Otis to help Mama after her bunion operation. I had no idea we'd end up knee-deep in somebody else's trouble.... It all seemed to start when Mama and I were shopping for groceries and crazy old Miss Birdie stole Cricket Childs' tiny baby, causing a scene between the two women everyone in town heard about. It wasn't twenty-four hours later that Cricket, known as a lady who liked wild times and wilder men, turned up murdered in a fellow's bed. Even worse, Cricket's baby had vanished. To add to the chilling events, my Daddy's wandering dog Midnight dug up something shocking: an infant's skull. And not long after Mama rushed it over to Sheriff Abe's office, Midnight brought home another. Naturally, he couldn't tell us where he got them...and the mystery deepened. So no way Mama wasn't going to start snooping. And with the doctor ordering her off her feet, I ended up doing some legwork. But it's a good thing I still had two good feet, because before long, I was running for my life...as babies' cries and women's tears mingled in a crime fueled by motives as ancient as human memory--greed, jealousy, and old-fashioned revenge. In Mama Rocks the Empty Cradle, Nora DeLoach captures the warmth of family life in the deep South...and the icy tingling of superb suspense. And in Mama she has created a woman sleuth as filled with compassion as courage, wise in the ways of the human heart--and the criminal mind.
 id : 239064 ISBN : 0385475942  | name : Out of the Mirrored Garden  |  description : The majority of contributors to Out of the Mirrored Garden are younger writers who have come of age in Latin American societies that have been violently shaken by the women's movement.
 id : 239065 ISBN : 1590780175  | name : Guess Whose Shadow?  |  description : Now in paperback and filled with stunning full-color photographs, Steve Swinburne's concept book introduces children to the basics of shadows. He then leads them on a shadow hunt, playing a game called "Guess Whose Shadow?," in which young ones will discover there's more to shadows than first meets the eye.
 id : 239066 ISBN : 0671432109  | name : Einstein's Brain  |  description : Continuing Einstein's work in the unified field theory, MIT physicist Paul Garrett pursues the possibility of new and limitless sources of energy, and his progress is closely scrutinized by several mysterious organizations
 id : 239068 ISBN : 0525935215  | name : Empathy  |  description : Still smarting from an emotionally bruising relationship, Anna O., a lesbian, adopts a male persona, becoming "Doc," a post-Freudian psychoanalyst whose desire to cure others and change the world becomes an escape from her past. 15,000 first printing. Tour.
 id : 239069 ISBN : 1558701109  | name : Homemade Money  |  description : Here is a comprehensive business how-to and resource guide, revised and completely updated.
 id : 239071 ISBN : 0130844845  | name : Betty Crocker's Low-fat, Low-cholesterol Cookbook  |  description : Contains recipes for 185 recipes with nutritional, fat and cholesterol counts.
 id : 239073 ISBN : 0806902841  | name : Science Crafts for Kids  |  description : The authors of the popular Nature Crafts for Kids present a new book with 50 hands-on science projects for kids. All in full-color, the book brilliantly shows an entire year's worth of things to bring out the artist and the scientist in the 8-to-12 set. Accompanying many projects are easy-to-understand sidebars that explain the scientific principles and facts the projects are demonstrating.
 id : 239074 ISBN : 0553270133  | name : The Walking Drum  |  description : Travelling across Europe and through the Byzantine wonders of Constantinople, the adventurer Kerbouchard encounters the passions and violence of an ancient world. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 239077 ISBN : 0743464559  | name : Shockwave  |  description : The "Enterprise" and its crew are implicated in a deadly blast that incinerated hundreds of colonists. But Captain Jonathan Archer knows this can not be true, can he convince the powers that be before it's too late?
 id : 239078 ISBN : 0345364066  | name : You Get What You Pay For  |  description : Probes the world of shady construction, real estate deals, and murder as private investigator Tony Cassella uncovers the murky past of the nation's attorney general
 id : 239079 ISBN : 1577311086  | name : Seasons of the Heart  |  description : A journalist offers an award-winning look at the issues of aging in a society that glorifies youth. Gross has culled 153 personal accounts from people over 60, including Nelson Mandela (recently remarried at 80), Carolyn Heilburn, William Segal, and Ossie Davis and Ruby Dee.
 id : 239081 ISBN : 0805031804  | name : Benjamin's Crossing  |  description : A fictional re-creation of the life and times of intellectual, philosopher, and critic Walter Benjamin follows his intriguing life up to his final days, when he was forced to flee Paris ahead of the 1940 Nazi invasion. Tour.
 id : 239082 ISBN : 030681045X  | name : In Search Of Moby Dick  |  description : Herman Melville's classic novel Moby-Dick immortalized the idea of a mammoth sperm whale roaming the seas, wreaking havoc on all that crossed its path. But could such a creature actually exist, then or now? To find out, the acclaimed adventure writer and explorer Tim Severin set off to the islands of the South Pacific in search of one of our most iconic modern myths. From the Marquesas Archipelago, where the twenty-one-year-old Melville deserted his whaling ship in 1842, through the Philippines, Tonga, and Indonesia, Severin follows a trail of ocean legend and lore to the last surviving islanders who hunt the great whale by hand, shadowing a victorious hunt from Stone Age boats and uncovering tantalizing evidence of the existence of a Great White Whale. In this captivating account of his voyage, Severin traces not only the origins of Melville's legendary literary creation but also something of the spiritual relationship between the islanders and the creatures of the sea, the hunter and his prey.
 id : 239083 ISBN : 0151004404  | name : Devil's Valley  |  description : In new novel by the author of "A Dry White Season", nothing in Devil's Valleyis at is seems--the supernatural is an ingredient of everyday, the living anddead are never quite separate, and the grotesque coexists with the banal.
 id : 239084 ISBN : 0895776634  | name : Household Hints and Handy Tips  |  description : A handbook for everyday life with more than 4,000 time saving and cost saving tips for the home. Its pages are packed with shortcuts, practical advice, ingenious ideas, how-to information, and more than 1,000 illustrations. Includes over 70 how-to projects--accompanied by step-by-step illustrations--and more than 275 special features.
 id : 239085 ISBN : 0816149542  | name : The Confession of Joe Cullen  |  description : A former Air Force pilot turned contract flyer for the CIA, Joe Cullen has made his living running covert operations to Central America-until the day he walks into a New York City police station and confesses to the murder of Father Francis O'Healey, a Roman Catholic priest in Honduras. Dectective Mel Freedman and his partner, Hosea Ramos, are stunned by Cullen's story. Their investigation into this mysterious man and his puzzling confession puts their lives in grave danger. It leads them down a twisted trail of murder, drug and gun deals, government deception, lies and corruption in a gripping crime thriller and haunting contemporary morality tale. --Book jacket.
 id : 239086 ISBN : 075222431X  | name : Fugitive from the Cubicle Police  |  description : A cartoon book featuring the character Dilbert and the ups and downs of life in and out of the office, from clueless management decrees to near-revolts among the cubicle dwellers. When the cubicle police outlaw plastic plants lest they attract dumb bugs, Dilbert makes a rebellious stand.
 id : 239087 ISBN : 0446346306  | name : Hour of the Assassins  |  description : Cain, an ex-CIA agent, is hired by a survivor of Auschwitz to hunt down the infamous Doctor Mengele in the jungles of South America
 id : 239090 ISBN : 0345364619  | name : Beneath the Waters  |  description : There were stories and stories beneath the waters, love and hate, tenderness and greed. This dazzlingly original novel gives them to us for safekeeping--the life and the people of a place that is no more. All the places where those people lived are now submerged forever in silence and darkness at the bottom of a lake. There was the seamstress Dona Zulmira, whose husband had to be watched like a hawk lest he wander naked from the house; the rancher Rodolfo, who could not stay away from his neighbor's wife; Eugenio, the mama's boy with an unexpected head for business; the little girl Elisa, who plucked the feathers from her father's singing bird, but couldn't say why; the young husband Paulo Roberto, whose childhood interest in girls was branded on his flesh in the form of two deep scars; the schoolteacher Dona Laisa who interrupted her own bridal procession to discipline her students; the hotel owner Adolfo whose affair with a prostitute ended when she drank some poison just before making love to him for the last time, and so many others. "A uniquely original novelist, incomparable among us, the most Brazilian of us all."--Jorge Amado, author of Dona Flor and Her Two Husbands
 id : 239091 ISBN : 1931333122  | name : Dead at the Desk  |  description : Set in the mid-60s, "Dead at the Desk" takes place during a time when politeness and morals were more visibly in existence. It is a sociological mystery, full of heartfelt warmth and passion.
 id : 239092 ISBN : 0060255005  | name : Nutshell Library  |  description : This 4-volume boxed set contains an alphabet book, a book of rhymes about each month, a counting book, and a cautionary tale all written and illustrated by Maurice Sendak. Includes the titles Alligators All Around, Chicken Soup with Rice, One Was Johnny, and Pierre.(Titles available separately in library and paperback editions.)
 id : 239093 ISBN : 1558582924  | name : The Gingham Dog and the Calico Cat  |  description : A fight erupts during the middle of the night between two stuffed animals in an antique shop
 id : 239095 ISBN : 0064433528  | name : Bently & egg  |  description : A shy, singing frog is left in charge of a very special egg that changes his life.
 id : 239096 ISBN : 0899191622  | name : St. Patrick's Day in the Morning  |  description : Jamie seeks a way to prove that he is not too young to march in the big St. Patrick's Day parade.
 id : 239097 ISBN : 0679431071  | name : Dancing After Hours  |  description : A New York Times Notable Book of the Year From a genuine hero of the American short story comes a luminous collection that reveals the seams of hurt, courage, and tenderness that run through the bedrock of contemporary American life. In these fourteen stories, Dubus depicts ordinary men and women confronting injury and loneliness, the lack of love and the terror of actually having it. Out of his characters' struggles and small failures--and their unexpected moments of redemption--Dubus creates fiction that bears comparison to the short story's greatest creators--Chekhov, Raymond Carver, Flannery O'Connor.
 id : 239098 ISBN : 0698113527  | name : The Boy who Lived with Seals  |  description : When their son disappeared, his parents thought they would never see him again. But years later, the boy was spotted swimming with the seals. Shannon's haunting pictures dramatize the bittersweet beauty of this traditional story from the Chinook people of the Northwest. Full-color illustrations.
 id : 239101 ISBN : 0394835948  | name : The Enormous Crocodile  |  description : Just in time to celebrate Roald Dahl Day in September come three of his beloved classic stories, now with a brand-new look and featuring illustrations by his longtime collaborator, Quentin Blake. Full color.
 id : 239102 ISBN : 0060239611  | name : Grasshopper on the Road  |  description : For use in schools and libraries only. Emergent readers for kids who are growing in confidence as readers, but still need some help.
 id : 239103 ISBN : 0399527400  | name : It's Only a Flat Tire in the Rain  |  description : A former pastor presents this humorous, inspirational guide to surviving life's daily surprises and unpleasant challenges with vigor, laughter, and well-grounded wisdom, in a volume that incorporates traditional values, real-life anecdotes, hard-won insights, and faith. Reprint.
 id : 239104 ISBN : 0689871155  | name : The Queen of Everything  |  description : High school junior Jordan MacKenzie, the child of divorced parents, knows her father is dating a woman who is married. How could anyone predict this illicit love affair would implode in such a violent and disturbing way?
 id : 239105 ISBN : 0451162420  | name : The Snarkout Boys and the Baconburg Horror  |  description : Walter Galt, Winston Bongo, and their female friend Rat have an adventure involving a beatnik poet and a werewolf.
 id : 239107 ISBN : 0195132971  | name : The Elsewhere Community  |  description : From 18th-century Grand Tours to today's planet-wide Internet journeys, this book is a fascinating exploration of man's desire for knowledge and the inevitable quest for an elsewhere that results.
 id : 239108 ISBN : 0151006415  | name : Allegiance  |  description : Covers the history and events leading up the start of the Civil War with the firing of the first shot at Fort Sumter on April 12, 1861.
 id : 239109 ISBN : 0658006223  | name : S.U.R.E.-fire Direct Response Marketing  |  description : This text presents aprogramme designed to boost business-to-business direct marketing response rates and converting sales leads into a steady stream of revenue. Kern details how to implement a successful sales lead generation campaign by following his S.U.R.E.-fire programme. The emphasis is placed on strategic planning, conducting appropriate market research, developing customer relationships, recognizing and acting upon sales opportunities, and successfully executing a sales lead campaign and measuring the results.
 id : 239110 ISBN : 0061011045  | name : Hell's Angels  |  description : This is the explosive true story of the only man ever to infiltrate the Hells Angels organization as an FBI informant, uncovering the truth about the notorious biker gang's netherworld of evil, lust, and violence. A chilling crime story that strips away the Hell's Angels's image to reveal a powerful and deadly organized crime syndicate. The author's acceptance into the highest ranks of the gang led to an unprecedented FBI sting operation and 42 arrests.
 id : 239111 ISBN : 0374462089  | name : The Real Thief  |  description : The goose who is Chief Guard of the Royal Treasury is unjustly accused of stealing by King Basil the bear and his faithless friends.
 id : 239112 ISBN : 0553155687  | name : The Twits  |  description : Originally published: London: J. Cape, 1980.
 id : 239113 ISBN : 1591964210  | name : Millennial Manifesto  |  description : Provides a guide on how to be a youth activist as well as an overview of the political priorities of Americans born after 1975.
 id : 239115 ISBN : 0312064047  | name : Smudge, The Little Lost Lamb  |  description : After leaving Farmer Cobb's flock and exploring the outside world, Smudge the lamb has trouble returning home.
 id : 239118 ISBN : 0446512206  | name : The War of the Roses  |  description : Oliver and Barbara Rose thought they had a perfect marriage, only to discovertheir marriage was skin deep. This story was made into a major motion picturewith Michael Douglas and Kathleen Turner.
 id : 239120 ISBN : 0060263466  | name : The Book of the Dun Cow  |  description : Good struggles with Evil as Chauntecleer the rooster fights against the mysterious Wyrm.
 id : 239122 ISBN : 0553802577  | name : The Last Stand of the Tin Can Sailors  |  description : Chronicles the October 1944 battle off Samar between a vastly outnumbered fleet of American warships and a flotilla of the Japanese Navy, a struggle that changed the course of World War II in the Pacific.
 id : 239123 ISBN : 0805063544  | name : At the Edge of the Woods  |  description : A variety of animals, birds, and insects enjoy the flowers and trees of the forest early one morning.
 id : 239124 ISBN : 0805060634  | name : Snow Ponies  |  description : When Old Man Winter lets his snow ponies out of the barn, they run into the world, and everything that they touch turns white.
 id : 239125 ISBN : 0026243105  | name : Playing for Keeps  |  description : When he suspects that murder has become part of the game plan of yuppies seeking to control the property of the newly lucrative Hoboken waterfront, Hunter Murtaugh, a detective of the old school, devises a cunning trap
 id : 239126 ISBN : 1592170005  | name : Illustrated Guide to Vintage Quilting  |  description : This book is loaded with ideas on caring for vintage quilts. Learn what to look for when purchasing antique quilts and how to integrate them into the home. We offer suggestions for turning an unfinished quilt into something beautiful and how to recycle old quilt blocks and tops.
 id : 239127 ISBN : 1882138996  | name : Illustrated Guide to Points & Curves  |  description : This book is for beginning and experienced quilters alike. It has many techniques and tips that will help them develop their quilting skills. Includes a variety of projects ranging from simple to complex. Illustrated with step-by-step photos.
 id : 239128 ISBN : 0881848522  | name : Ring Around the Sun  |  description : When inventors come up with cars, light bulbs, razor blades, and other items that never wear out or break down, the world's biggest industries begin to be squeezed out, and the planet is headed for economic collapse, when people suddenly begin to disappea
 id : 239129 ISBN : 0862207339  | name : The Grey Flannel Shroud  |  description : An advertising man's promotion of a baby food product is complicated by an outbreak of blackmail and murder.
 id : 239130 ISBN : 0385246099  | name : Death Comes Staccato  |  description : Private investigator Kate Baeier is hired by wealthy Mrs. Weatherby to watch over her daughter Kate, a spoiled brat and a brilliant musician, and finds herself caught up in a dangerous web of intrigue and mystery
 id : 239131 ISBN : 0670812226  | name : The Physalia Incident  |  description : A magazine editor turns detective to investigate a mysterious death in Bermuda.
 id : 239132 ISBN : 0553097148  | name : The Ugly Duckling  |  description : The wife of a high-stakes international financier, Nell Calder finds her life shattered when her husband and child are killed and she is disfigured, events that transform her from a quiet, unassuming wife to a determined woman bent on revenge. 60,000 first printing. $60,000 ad/promo.
 id : 239133 ISBN : 0374292736  | name : The High Road  |  description : This richly peopled, compellingly readable book explores woman in her many roles -- as mystic, mother, daughter and lover. There is Iris with her "winsome wonsome" ways, no longer young; there is Charlotte, the legendary and troubled debutante who has fled from society; and there is the narrator, Anna, who feels that her emotional life has folded until she meets the young Spanish girl, Catalina.
 id : 239134 ISBN : 0525246320  | name : Almost Like Being Here  |  description : Comic drama set in the glamorous New York City rat race of talent and ambition.
 id : 239135 ISBN : 0436140969  | name : Foucault's Pendulum  |  description : Three book editors, jaded by reading far too many crackpot manuscripts on the mystic and the occult, are inspired by an extraordinary conspiracy story told to them by a strange colonel to have some fun. They start feeding random bits of information into a powerful computer capable of inventing connections between the entries, thinking they are creating nothing more than an amusing game, but then their game starts to take over, the deaths start mounting, and they are forced into a frantic search for the truth
 id : 239136 ISBN : 0881846368  | name : The Pendragon Caper  |  description : The Browns, an attractive young couple, are unprepared for the powerful evil that awaits them in the tiny New England town in which they choose to spend their holiday
 id : 239137 ISBN : 0060198354  | name : The Torturer's Apprentice  |  description : This brilliant debut collection of stories by O. Henry Award winner John Biguenet is as notable for the rigor of its intellect as for the sweep of its imagination. Whether recounting the predicament of an atheistic stigmatic in "The Vulgar Soul" or a medieval torturer who must employ his terrible skills upon his own apprentice in the title tale, these stories decline to settle for ready sentiments or easy assurances. Rather than add to the massive canon of the victimized, for example, "My Slave" takes the perspective of the victimizer. In "The Open Curtain," a man achieves intimacy with his family only when he recognizes -- watching them dine as he sits in his car at the curb -- that he lives in a household of strangers. Menaced by a gang of skinheads in a Jewish cemetery, an American tourist in Germany placates the Neo-Nazis with a formula he continues to repeat even after he is safely back home in "I Am Not a Jew." And as for love, it makes demands in such stories as "Do Me" that shake our very notions of what it means to love. If these stories engage the world in sometimes shocking ways, they are virtuoso engagements, eloquent in their prose, surprising in their plotting, sly in their humor. Biguenet shifts among voices and narrative strategies and imposes neither a single style nor a repeated structure as he depicts the ecological catastrophe of "A Plague of Toads," the problem posed by a ghost in the nursery in "Fatherhood," and the ghastly discovery a grieving widower defends as "another kind of memory" in "Rose." Such mastery of craft may come as a surprise in a first-time author, but even more impressive is the object of his art. For whether it seeks to prick or to tickle, each story in The Torturer's Apprentice addresses its subject with an authority unusual in contemporary literature as it entices the reader beyond the boundaries of the expected and the accepted.
 id : 239141 ISBN : 0938151126  | name : Learning PostScript  |  description : Oriented toward graphic artists and other nonprogrammers, this book teaches the powerful PostScript laser printer language using a unique visual feedback approach. Building from simple examples, the text extends to complex special effects.
 id : 239142 ISBN : 0471035300  | name : Human Factors for Technical Communicators  |  description : A crash course in human factors theory and practice for technicalcommunicators If you're a technical writer, technical editor, documentationmanager, user-interface designer, usability tester, or any othertype of technical communication professional, you've probably foundyourself becoming more and more involved in the development,design, and testing of technical communication products. In orderto handle your expanded responsibilities effectively you need asolid grounding in human factors, the art and science of designingfor people. And now this book gives it to you--fast. First, expert Marlana Coe takes you on a fascinating tour of theburgeoning science of human factors. In terms that you canunderstand, she explains all about the psychology and physiology ofhow users access, learn, and remember information; the impact ofcolors, shapes, and patterns; learning styles; approaches andobstacles to problem solving; action structures; and more. And,with the help of real-life examples of various technicalcommunication products, she vividly demonstrates what works, whatdoesn't, and why. Then, she shows you how to apply what you've learned to create thebest technical communication products possible. You'll find out howto: * Analyze users' needs and learning styles * Get and interpret user feedback and create partnerships withusers * Select the most effective layouts, colors, fonts, and graphics * Build better navigational infrastructures * Develop content that gives users everything they need to quicklyidentify and resolve problems * Test and improve your product's usability
 id : 239143 ISBN : 080524185X  | name : The Funeral Party  |  description : August 1991. In a sweltering New York City apartment, a group of Russian emigres gathers round the deathbed of an artist named Alik, a charismatic character beloved by them all, especially the women who take turns nursing him as he fades from this world. Their reminiscences of the dying man and of their lives in Russia are punctuated by debates and squabbles: Whom did Alik love most? Should he be baptized before he dies, as his alcoholic wife, Nina, desperately wishes, or be reconciled to the faith of his birth by a rabbi who happens to be on hand? And what will be the meaning for them of the Yeltsin putsch, which is happening across the world in their long-lost Moscow but also right before their eyes on CNN? This marvelous group of individuals inhabits the first novel by Ludmila Ulitskaya to be published in English, a book that was shortlisted for the Russian Booker Prize and has been praised wherever translated editions have appeared. Simultaneously funny and sad, lyrical in its Russian sorrow and devastatingly keen in its observation of character, "The Funeral Party introduces to our shores a wonderful writer who captures, wryly and tenderly, our complex thoughts and emotions confronting life and death, love and loss, homeland and exile.
 id : 239144 ISBN : 9681904958  | name : Pedro Y El Capitan  |  description : The torture practiced by totalitarian regimes in Latin America becomes the fighting ring in which the two characters in Pedro y el capitan square off. In an effort to conserve the last fragment of his humanity, the tormentor becomes the victim becomes a torturer. This hard-hittng story by Benedetti has been staged several times.
 id : 239147 ISBN : 0060952407  | name : Raising Your Spirited Child Workbook  |  description : The Essential Companion Workbook To The National Bestseller Raising Your Spirited Child, In this companion workbook, Mary Sheedy Kurcinka brings readers into her world-famous workshops, where she offers parents and educators insights, emotional support and proven strategies for dealing with spirited children. The key word that distinguishes spirited children from other children is "more" -- more intense, more persistent, more sensitive and more uncomfortable with change. Through exercises, observations and dialogue from actual groups, Kurcinka helps readers learn to identify the triggers that lead to tantrums and challenging behaviors. Included are clues to help you identify the little things that can make or break a day tips for profiling your child's temperament and your own cues that indicate intensity is rising successful strategies for reducing and eliminating power struggles By combining the intuition and compassion gained from parenting a spirited child with the wisdom of an expert who has worked with thousands of families, Mary Sheedy Kurcinka helps parents and educators view their unique challenge with perseverance, flexibility, sensitivity, and, most of all, enjoyment.
 id : 239148 ISBN : 1565927311  | name : GIMP Pocket Reference  |  description : A handy compact guide to GNU Image Manipulation Program (GIMP) version 1.2 explains how to use the popular open source image editor and design application, discussing the function of each menu item, offering tips on the techniques of image manipulation, and describing the file formats supported by GIMP. Original. (Intermediate)
 id : 239150 ISBN : 0064404374  | name : Anpao  |  description : Anpao is young and Handsome and Brave -- a man any maiden would be proud to call her husband. Any maiden but Ko-Ko-Mik-e-is, that is, who calims she belongs to the Sun alone. And so Anpao sets off for the house of the Sun to ask permission to marry the woman he loves. But Anpao's journey is not an easy one. Before he can reach the Sun, Anapao must travel back in time to the dawn of the world. He must relive his own creation, venture through The World Beneath the World, and battle the many magical mystical creatures of Native American legends. For only by doing so can Anpao discover who he really is, and rove to the Sun why he alone is worthy of the fair Ko-komik-e-is
 id : 239151 ISBN : 1565925807  | name : DocBook: The Definitive Guide  |  description : DocBook is a system for writing structured documents using SGML and XML. DocBook provides all the elements you'll need for technical documents of all kinds. A number of computer companies use DocBook for their documentation, as do several Open Source documentation groups, including the Linux Documentation Project (LDP). With the consistent use of DocBook, these groups can readily share and exchange information. With an XML-enabled browser, DocBook documents are as accessible on the Web as in print. DocBook : The Definitive Guide is the complete and official documentation of the DocBook Document Type Definition (DTD) and many of its associated tools. In this book, you'll find : A brief introduction to SGML and XML ; a guide to creating documents with the DocBook DTD and associated stylesheets. Information about using SGML and XML tools like jade and DSSSL ; a guide to customizing DocBook ; a complete SGML and XML reference, including examples, for every DocBook element. In addition, the CD-ROM contains the complete source text of this book, in both SGML and HTML ; all the examples from the book ; DSSSL stylesheets that let you convert DocBook documents to RTF, LaTeX, or HTML ; The DocBook DTD for SGML, version 3*1 ; The DocBk DTD for XML, version 3*1*5. In an era of collaborative creation of technology, when information is needed online as often as in print, DocBook is the essential. documentation environment. "DocBook : The Definitive Guide" is the one essential source of information about that environment.
 id : 239153 ISBN : 0449217434  | name : The J. Alfred Prufrock Murders  |  description : Four elderly women residents in a California retirement community shrug off their infirmities and take to the investigative trail when one of their own, a not-so-sweet busybody named "Sweetie," is found murdered on the beach
 id : 239155 ISBN : 1886411484  | name : The Linux Cookbook  |  description : With step-by-step recipes to show readers the best ways to use Linux tools to accomplish specific tasks, this guide details how to perform a variety of everyday computer tasks, such as printing stationery, converting and managing files, editing and formatting text, and much more.
 id : 239156 ISBN : 0142000256  | name : The Cat Inside  |  description : Burroughs is best known for the wild, phantasmagoric satire of "Naked Lunch, " but he has another side. America's leading literary outlaw writes with unexpected tenderness and signature intensity about his, and our, "animal others"--a meditation on the long, mysterious relationship between cats and their human hosts. Endpaper drawings.
 id : 239157 ISBN : 078971034X  | name : 10 Minute Guide to HTML Style Sheets  |  description : Style Sheets bring similar formatting and control standards to the Web that desktop publishers have used for years. Working behind the scenes to allow Web authors to specify point sizes, page margins, and spacing between lines, Style Sheets control the formatting in a separate function freeing authors to focus on content creation.
 id : 239160 ISBN : 0563363517  | name : Doing Business in Japan  |  description : Japan is one of the three pillars of international trade, along with the United States and the European Community. But, as Japanese culture is so different from their own, Western business people do not find it an easy country to deal with.
 id : 239161 ISBN : 0849385237  | name : Handbook of Applied Cryptography  |  description : A valuable reference for the novice as well as for the expert who needs a wider scope of coverage within the area of cryptography, this book provides easy and rapid access of information and includes more than 200 algorithms and protocols; more than 200 tables and figures; more than 1,000 numbered definitions, facts, examples, notes, and remarks; and over 1,250 significant references, including brief comments on each paper.
 id : 239163 ISBN : 0873379756  | name : Money Troubles  |  description : All the plain-English information and step-by-step instructions you need to deal with personal debt.
 id : 239165 ISBN : 0586070656  | name : Inside the Brotherhood  |  description : An investigation of Freemasonry which studies such areas as Freemasonry's religious and occult elements, the police and the underworld, the armed forces and charities. The author asks if it can make or break careers and whether it inculcates moral values in its members.
 id : 239166 ISBN : 0753450666  | name : Warriors, Warthogs, and Wisdom  |  description : The life of Lyall Watson as he grew up in Africa.
 id : 239168 ISBN : 0963994646  | name : Offbeat Museums  |  description : Offbeat Museums contains profiles of the curators and collections of America's most unusual museums. From the Banana Museum in California to the Tragedy in U.S. History Museum in Florida, Saul Rubin takes you on a guided tour of the United States' strangest institutions, and introduces you to the offbeat people who run them. Included among the places you will visit are: Cockroach Hall of Fame The Museum of Questionable Medical Devices Mister Ed's Elephant Museum The Museum of Jurassic Technology The Mütter Museum Houdini Historical Center UFO Enigma Museum The Museum of Menstruation Nut Museum 50 museums in all! In the age of cable television and the World Wide Web it's easy to smugly believe that we've seen it all. Such institutions as the Museum of Death, the Museum of Bathroom Tissue, and the Glore Psychiatric Museum suggest otherwise. By stepping outside the mainstream, these offbeat museums meet and even surpass the promise of more traditional museums: To amaze, inspire and enlighten the public. So turn off the TV, log off the Net, and letOffbeat Museums take you on a journey of unexpected wonder and discovery!
 id : 239172 ISBN : 0201342855  | name : The XML Companion  |  description : This is the ideal reference with clarity, comprehensive coverage, and precision to get people up to speed on XML. Bradley provides all users and potential users of the XML format with an accessible, in-depth reference to release 1.0 of the standard.
 id : 239174 ISBN : 1931543119  | name : Family Circle Easy Sweaters  |  description : Presents patterns for over fifty crocheted and knitted sweaters for men and women, drawn from the pages of 'Family Circle' magazine, each with a list of materials and a color photograph. Includes selections for beginning, intermediate, and expert crafters.
 id : 239179 ISBN : 0816016771  | name : Spy-Tech  |  description : An in-depth look at the tools of the spy trade from the simple garrote to the infrared spy satellite, this unlocks the secrets of espionage equipment in clear and vivid terms.
 id : 239180 ISBN : 0873378377  | name : Get a Life  |  description : Offers advice for planning a retirement based not entirely on saving money, but also including keeping healthy, making new friends, and nurturing family relationships.
 id : 239182 ISBN : 0873377206  | name : Social Security, Medicare, and Government Pensions  |  description : An essential tool for everyone over 55, this indispensable guide helps readers to cut through the red tape and explains, in plain English: * Social Security retirement and disability benefits* Supplemental Security income* Civil Service retirement benefits* Medicare, Medicaid and Medigap insurance* veterans benefitsand much more.Completely updated with the latest rulings and figures, the book helps readers find, analyze and use the Web to learn about all their retirement income options. Also discusses dozens of websites - both the good and the bad - and new information about Medicare HMOs.
 id : 239183 ISBN : 0789710358  | name : HTML Style Sheets Quick Reference  |  description : Containing all of the formatting information that can be applied to the content page, style sheets allow Web authors to assure a consistent look and feel across their pages. This book is an excellent desktop reference for all tags used to create style sheets as well as all existing HTML tags that can be used within them.
 id : 239184 ISBN : 0399142800  | name : The Last Great Snake Show  |  description : When a hurricane destroys a topless bar in North Carolina, mortally wounding its owner, the staff acquire an old bus and drive her to die in Oregon, her home state. To finance the journey they put on strip shows and the novel chronicles the reaction of audiences across the country, some applauding, some hostile.
 id : 239185 ISBN : 0525244425  | name : Whale Songs and Wasp Maps  |  description : Examines animal consciousness by probing the intricacies of a wide range of animal behavior--from the sex life of the praying mantis to the elegant defense mechanisms of shore birds
 id : 239186 ISBN : 0525946195  | name : The Captain's Wife  |  description : On her way from New York to San Francisco, Mary Patten must take command of the clipper ship Neptune's Car when her husband, the captain, falls ill. She must struggle with a mutinous crew, the dangerous passage around Cape Horn, nursing her husband, and her pregnancy.
 id : 239187 ISBN : 0743205669  | name : Losing My Mind  |  description : "We are foolish, those of us who think we can escape the traps of aging," writes Tom DeBaggio. "I was one of them, dreaming of a perfect and healthy old age....Now, at fifty-eight, I realize the foolishness of my dreams as I watch my brain self-destruct from Alzheimer's." Losing My Mind is DeBaggio's extraordinary account of his early onset Alzheimer's, a disease that "silently hollows the brain" and slowly "gobbles memory and destroys life." But with DeBaggio's curse came an unexpected blessing: the ability to chart the mechanics and musings of his failing mind. Whether describing the happy days of his youth or lamenting over the burden his disease has placed upon his loved ones, DeBaggio manages to inspire the reader with his ability to function, to think, and ultimately to survive. By turns an autobiography, a medical history, and a book of meditations, Losing My Mind is a testament to the splendor of memory and a triumphant celebration of the human spirit.
 id : 239190 ISBN : 0866119833  | name : The Time Machine  |  description : I drew a breath, set my teeth, gripped the starting lever with both hands, and went off with a thud. The time traveler is on his way to a different world-his world 800,000 years in the future. He returns and recounts his journey to his friends at a dinner party.
 id : 239192 ISBN : 0345374738  | name : Jurassic Park  |  description : An astonishing technique for recovering and cloning dinosaur DNA has been discovered. Creatures extinct for eons now roam Jurassic Park, and all the world can visit them for a price--until something goes wrong. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 239193 ISBN : 091611984X  | name : Home Schooling  |  description : Practical answers to parents' questions; legal requirements for home educators; curriculum and instruction; organizational tools; evaluation procedures; balancing home and school; ready-to-use reproducibles; bibliography, glossary, and appendix.
 id : 239194 ISBN : 1883013763  | name : Money  |  description : Many people imagine their retirement years in terms of leisurely afternoons driving golf balls on the back nine while collecting fat monthly dividend checks. Dream on ...
 id : 239195 ISBN : 0316433845  | name : Two Lives : Reading Turgenev and My House in Umbria  |  description : William Trevor's astonishing range as a writer--his humor, subtlety, and compassionate grasp of human behavior--is fully demonstrated in these two short novels. In Reading Turgenev, a lonely country girl escapes her loveless marriage in the arms of a bookish young man. In My House in Umbria, a former madam befriends the other survivors of a terrorist bombing with surprising results. Nominated for the Booker Award.
 id : 239196 ISBN : 020142777X  | name : A Guide to Latex2[epsilon]  |  description : Covers basic and advanced topics in the text formatting software, with tutorials on commands and environments, document layout and organization, displayed text, mathematical formulas, customization, and advanced features such as in-text references and input coding. Includes appendices on bibliographic databases, programming, and modern computer fonts, and a command summary. This second edition contains an expanded description of the CTAN network. Annotation copyright by Book News, Inc., Portland, OR
 id : 239197 ISBN : 0312572824  | name : The Sorcerer's Apprentices  |  description : Eager to learn magic, two young boys pit their wits against those of a very powerful wizard. A portion of each illustration glows in the dark.
 id : 239198 ISBN : 0890092702  | name : The Best of Jules Verne  |  description : The great adventure stories in this volume take you, literally, as their titles state, around the world, to the center of the earth and through the skies above. These three books created characters and ideas which have stimulated and entertained countless readers since they first appeared. - Jacket cover
 id : 239199 ISBN : 1556702019  | name : Cervantes Don Quixote  |  description : Translated and adapted by Magda Bogin - Illustrated by Manuel Boix.
 id : 239200 ISBN : 0764570064  | name : XML in Plain English  |  description : Perfect for veteran HTML and SGML coders who want to get up to speed on the XML standard quickly and efficiently, this title describes XML functions according to task and alphabetically lists elements and special characters.
 id : 239201 ISBN : 0152998209  | name : The Yellow House  |  description : A little girl's fascination with the yellow house she passes each day leads her into the garden which is full of fantastic surprises.
 id : 239202 ISBN : 0937175846  | name : Learning GNU Emacs  |  description : An introduction to GNU Emacs editos, one of the most widely used and powerful editors available under UNIX. Provides a solid introduction to basic editing, a look at several important "editing modes", and a brief introduction to customization and Emacs LISP programming.
 id : 239203 ISBN : 0060184906  | name : The Golems of Gotham  |  description : Many years have passed since Oliver Levin -- a bestselling mystery writer and a lifetime sufferer from blocked emotions -- has given any thought to his parents. Not to their double suicide inside a Miami synagogue, not to the horrors they endured in the Nazi concentration camps. He also hasnt thought much about his wife, who vanished inexplicably a decade earlier. Now, after years of uninterrupted literary output, Oliver Levin finds himself blocked as a writer, too. The only person aware of Oliver's anguish is his teenage daughter, Ariel, who lives with him on Edgar Allan Poe Street in Manhattan, longing for the grandparents she never knew and the mother she never had. An amateur kabbalist and suddenly a klezmer violin virtuoso, Ariel sets out to rescue her father from his demons and denial by summoning the people who she thinks hold the key to Oliver's emotional black hole -- his dead parents, Rose and Lothar. Inspired by the tale of the Golem of Prague, Ariel resurrects her grandparents as creatures of rescue, but they come back as ghosts with a plan of their own. Moreover, they don't come back alone; their entourage includes six famous writers -- all, including Primo Levi and Jerzy Kosinski, Holocaust survivors and suicide victims. Trekking through the surreal, millennial landscape, the Golems of Gotham transform Manhattan and take Ariel and Oliver on an achingly symbolic and hilarious journey that confronts the mysteries and the conflicted legacy left to the post-Holocaust world. Highly original and deeply insightful, The Golems of Gotham is a novel of moral philosophy that explores the relationship between art and atrocity, the artist's romance with madness, and his responsibility to history. Part ghost story, part mystery, it offers lasting commentary on the preservation and reinvention of memory, and the power of the mind to conjure both its own prison and liberation. On the surface a poignant story about a child's longing to save her father and a mystery writer's quest to decipher the riddle of his own life, The Golems of Gotham is a work of staggering imagination that explores some of the most haunting, unanswered questions of our time.
 id : 239204 ISBN : 1559703849  | name : India  |  description : Political, economic, and social conditions in India from 1947 to date.
 id : 239207 ISBN : 0451409353  | name : Fatal North  |  description : An account of the first U.S. expedition to the North Pole describes a mission that ended in the suspicious death of its leader, Charles Hall, and a desperate struggle for survival on the polar ice.
 id : 239208 ISBN : 0671568930  | name : Walking Through Mirrors  |  description : Raised by his grandmother and aunt, young Jeremy never knew he had a father until he was ten, when the man appeared with a "new" family. A gripping portrayal of African-American family life in the South by the award-winning author of "The View from Here".
 id : 239210 ISBN : 038524925X  | name : The City, Not Long After  |  description : Jax and Danny-Boy, scrambling to get by in a near-future San Francisco ravaged by plague, become fellow artists in their united struggle to stop a tyrannical general from taking over
 id : 239212 ISBN : 0070476799  | name : The Silent Ones  |  description : Alison journeys to the Hebrides in search of roots, where she becomes involved in the violent and deadly search for a valuable book.
 id : 239213 ISBN : 0312151853  | name : Other Lives  |  description : When Lucy is unexpectedly left a beautiful house in Greece by famous archaeologist Oliver Lussom, her family assumes that she will sell her legacy, but the sixty-three-year-old woman decides to return to Greece and, in the process, irrevocably changes her life.
 id : 239214 ISBN : 0786863234  | name : Traces of Wisdom  |  description : For the first time, a woman born and reared in the Amish way of life has collected together a book of wisdom and vignettes that bridges the Amish world with mainstream society. Here, Amish women share thoughts on friendship, beauty, marriage, family, the life of the community, and living a life of sincerity, common sense, compassion, and forgiveness. Line art.
 id : 239215 ISBN : 0673523896  | name : Agendas, Alternatives, and Public Policies  |  description : "Attempts to answer the questions: How do subjects come to officials' attention? How are the alternatives from which they choose generated? How is the governmental agenda set?" - cover.
 id : 239216 ISBN : 0670845213  | name : The Eagles' Brood  |  description : The story of those who would teach, train and shape the boy they call Arthur.
 id : 239218 ISBN : 081956270x  | name : Tales of Nevèrÿon  |  description : Five inter-connected stories set in a mythical past focus on the experiences of the slave Gorgik
 id : 239220 ISBN : 0330369768  | name : The Picador Book of Contemporary Chinese Fiction  |  description : Bundel verhalen uit de Chinese literatuur van de afgelopen 20 jaar, waarin de positie van het individu tegenover de eisen van de gemeenschap centraal staat.
 id : 239221 ISBN : 0312262930  | name : Big Sky Reader  |  description : An entertaining anthology captures a collection of essays and short fiction about the west from a number of popular authors and features the work of Rick Bass, Tim Cahill, Russell Chatham, John Barsness, and Wally McRae, among others. Reprint. 12,500 first printing.
 id : 239222 ISBN : 0486278050  | name : The Kreutzer Sonata and Other Short Stories  |  description : "The Kreutzer Sonata" portrays an intense conflict between sexual desire and moral constraint. "How Much Land Does a Man Need?" is a simple, moving tale of peasant life with a moral lesson; the hero of "The Death of Ivan Ilych," after a lifetime of struggle, finds faith and love only as he faces death. Explanatory footnotes.
 id : 239223 ISBN : 0889841098  | name : Victims of Gravity  |  description : Dayv James-French is an elegant and fastidious writer of stories which disturb yet engage and delight us. Although this is his first book he is already a master of dialogue and silences and his writing compels us to listen carefully. Reviewing Dayv James-French's work to date in his Toronto Star column `New Voices,' Jason Sherman wrote: `The attraction is James-French's ability to perceive misery without succumbing to it. It is not just that there is humour in his work -- and there is a lot of humour -- it is that there is hope, as well.' The first story in Victims of Gravity begins: `There's an art to this.' The last ends: `whether or not a story has a happy ending.' In between Dayv James-French reveals a complex world, defined with wit and compassion, where a happy ending is less important than the rewards of the journey to it. `I never know what to say when I'm asked what a story is ``about''. What's life about? Any synopsis of the stories -- ``An overnight visit to a farm becomes an off-the-wall examination of two solitudes as a married woman tries to isolate the grounds of her emotional dissatisfaction while a gay man drugs himself past his own pain'' (``Cows'') -- sounds grim, as though I were leading the reader to an obvious conclusion; a neatly-tied up epiphany, if not a moral. Instead, I'm trying to convince readers of their own experience, its authenticity, and assure them that someone is paying attention.' `Even the ``Dave'' stories aren't entirely about me. An image, a remembered scrap of conversation, a personal emotional response I have to examine because of its inappropriateness; those are starting points. I obsess for weeks before I find my way into a story. More than a few times I've had to abandon a story after ten or twelve pages because I couldn't love the characters enough. At the same time, I don't -- can't -- make them fit into my obsessions. All of these stories remained unfinished until the characters surprised me.' Dayv James-French has a sharp little eye focused on the telling details of modern life, and an excellent ear for the nuances of conversation and silence. In his stories, the most mundane situations become illuminating; they are heightened to the level of objective correlatives. Dialogue becomes a kind of poetry of the banal. His characters are often unable to hear what is spoken to them, listening as they are to the voices of their own histories. What seems random and coincidental is carefully fitted into biographies of striking psychological accuracy. For all the very real horrors of loss and betrayal suffered by the characters, the stories shine with a hopeful optimism that might be called wisdom. `Life is randomly cruel and unforgiving. But we are at our most hilarious when we are passionately involved in pretending it isn't. Luckily for us, the peak of emotional intensity is followed by a moment of silence and, in that moment, we can choose to be dignified instead of ridiculous. In my fiction, I try to work towards that moment. Every so often I discover that being ridiculous is the better choice. At least, it can be the more honest choice.'
 id : 239224 ISBN : 0920953638  | name : Missing Persons  |  description : In her first collection of short fiction, Giangrande explores the lives of people who inhabit the broken terrain of the late twentieth century. A man saves memory from the blur of media events by finding a tool more potent than television. . . an Ontario farmer reaps a strange harvest in the garden of a Lebanese exile. . . a photographer uses her creative eye to unravel the mystery of missing friend. . . an antiwar march pushes a woman into the life of her beloved twin destroyed by Vietnam. . . . Faced with the disappearance of homeland, memory and innocence, these short stories powerfully explore interpretative material for lifes dance.
 id : 239226 ISBN : 0684187353  | name : Second Seed  |  description : Medical technology/political thriller.
 id : 239227 ISBN : 0312033273  | name : Dreamspy  |  description : Kyllikki must end a deep space war between the Teleod and the Metaji, two divergent factions whose disagreements threaten the time-space continuum
 id : 239228 ISBN : 1902852451  | name : Sebastian's Tangibles  |  description : Julian, professor in English Literature at Oxford University, is obsessed with the enigmatic life and death of Victorian poet Lord Melcourt and his unscrupulous lover Toto. When Julian falls for a beautiful, promiscuous student, Sebastian, a highly charged erotic relationship develops. Parallels between the four lives emerge until tragedy reveals the shocking truth.
 id : 239229 ISBN : 0345373731  | name : No Stone Unturned  |  description : In 1970, when the United Presbyterian Church informed 65-year-old Maggie Kuhn that she would have to retire from her executive position, she was surprised and unprepared. But instead of bemoaning her fate, she proceeded to do what she'd done all her life: change the rules. Kuhn got together with five friends in similar predicaments and formed the Gray Panthers. At a time when the old had become a neglected and forgotten class, the Panthers championed the role and status of the elderly as no organization had before.
 id : 239232 ISBN : 0316708119  | name : The Moosepire  |  description : The talking blue moose attempts to unravel the riddle of the Moospire, a vampire moose that reportedly lurks near the town of Yellow Tooth.
 id : 239233 ISBN : 1898787522  | name : Searching for Hillbillies  |  description : Examines how history has been changed by the decisions of several people.
 id : 239234 ISBN : 1573221864  | name : Three Apples Fell from Heaven  |  description : "Micheline Aharonian Marcom introduces us to the stories of Anaguil, an Armenian girl taken in by Turkish neighbors after the death of her parents, who now views the remains of her world through a Muslim veil; Sargis, a poet hidden away in his mother's attic, dressed in women's clothing and steadily going mad; Lucine, a servant and lover of the American consul, reviled by villagers for the illusory privilege she enjoys; Maritsa, a rage-filled Muslim wife who becomes a whore while her husband is at the front; and Dickran, an infant left behind under a tree on the long exodus from an Armenian village, who reaches with tiny hands to touch the stars and dies with his name unrecorded. Through these lives, we witness the vanishing of a people."--BOOK JACKET.Title Summary field provided by Blackwell North America, Inc. All Rights Reserved
 id : 239235 ISBN : 1569471002  | name : Stones of the Dalai Lama  |  description : An American professor from Bismarck, North Dakota, and his garage mechanic buddy set out for Tibet to lift a curse and, in the process, find enlightenment. An irresistible adventure with a Zen heart.
 id : 239236 ISBN : 0345462378  | name : The Wedding Dress  |  description : An unforgettable novel of love and hope, written with the natural simplicity and grace of a born storyteller.
 id : 239239 ISBN : 0571172539  | name : Original Sin  |  description : Set in a publishing firm housed in a mock-Venetian palace on the Thames. The chairman has died and the brilliant but ruthless Gerard Etienne has taken over. When his body is found dead, there is no shortage of suspects. Commander Dalgliesh and his team are confronted with an ingenious puzzle.
 id : 239240 ISBN : 0140220658  | name : Anorexia Nervosa  |  description : Defines the dietary chaos syndrome and the causes, physical and psychological characteristics, familial impact, and treatment of anorexia nervosa in nontechnical language designed for the general public
 id : 239242 ISBN : 0880706996  | name : Kenyan Chronicles  |  description : Three adventures of the Rugendo Rhinos, a club formed by four boys in the fifth and sixth grades, sons of missionaries in Kenya.
 id : 239244 ISBN : 189077118X  | name : California Shorts  |  description : California Shorts provides a vivid, moving, and memorable portrait of the many faces of California. This is American writing at its best.
 id : 239246 ISBN : 0394749979  | name : Vegetarian Dishes from Around the World  |  description : Contains 250 vegetarian recipes gathered from over thirty countries.
 id : 239248 ISBN : 1579120601  | name : The New York Times Dictionary of Misunderstood, Misused, Mispronounced Words  |  description : Presents pronunciations and definitions for common terms often misrepresented in oral and written communication.
 id : 239252 ISBN : 1400045096  | name : The Ten Commandments of Character  |  description : Outlines ten important commandments of character, ranging from being kind and showing gratitude to exercising self-control, that can be used to make ethical choices in such areas as friendship, family, work, and finances.
 id : 239253 ISBN : 0380753189  | name : Passion's Gold  |  description : Cass Wycombe, a young society woman, finds herself falling in love with Jesse Tanner, the rough tracker she has hired to help lead her to her long-lost father out west
 id : 239254 ISBN : 0028636392  | name : The Complete Idiot's Guide to Understanding Catholicism  |  description : Explains the history, doctrines, and beliefs of the Catholic faith; profiles Mary, Jesus, and major figures; and describes its rituals, prayers, and holidays.
 id : 239257 ISBN : 0842333479  | name : Pew Bible  |  description : A handsomely bound hardcover Bible ideal for church use. Special Features: New Living Translation text Gold embossing on cover
 id : 239258 ISBN : 0875162592  | name : Your Word is Your Wand  |  description : YOUR WORD IS YOUR WAND A Sequel to the Game of Life and How to Play It With her classic book, THE GAME OF LIFE AND HOW TO PLAY IT, Florence Scovel Shinn established herself as one of the most down-to-earth, practical, and helpful prosperity writers of her era. With a timeless message and the ability to explain success principles and how they work in an entertaining style, her writings are still considered the leaders in prosperity literature today. YOUR WORD IS YOUR WAND contains hundreds of affirmations that attract and support prosperity and success.
 id : 239260 ISBN : 0609603116  | name : Let's Get it on  |  description : Boxing's most famous referee--the man who disqualified Mike Tyson for biting Evander Holyfield--who is also Nevada's most outspoken District Court Judge, issues a provocative call to arms to reclaim boxing from the greedy, thuggish behavior of its promoters and athletes and reclaim our streets from criminals.
 id : 239261 ISBN : 0963022288  | name : Scrapbook Storytelling  |  description : Every picture tells a story...and you can too! Contemporary storyteller and author Joanna Campbell Slan shares journaling secrets that will help you preserve more than just photos.
 id : 239262 ISBN : 0848710037  | name : Georgia Bonesteel's Bright Ideas for Lap Quilting  |  description : Offers forty new designs from both traditional and contemporary styles, including full-size patterns and concise instructions
 id : 239263 ISBN : 0806979356  | name : Orchid Growing for Wimps  |  description : "A superb primer on orchid culture. It uses a fully illustrated step-by-step approach and doesn't skimp on relating complete details. There's a chapter showing easy-to-grow orchids in all their glory, and there's also a chapter warning about 'difficult' orchids to avoid. This tome takes you on a visit [to] 16 terrific varieties you can easily handle. It's a fun and rewarding winter exercise."--"Denver Post."
 id : 239264 ISBN : 0843938935  | name : Nevada Hussy - Wyoming Wildcat  |  description : Nevada Hussy--The mastermind behind the scheme to rob the train headed for the San Francisco Mint was bent on eliminating Spur McCoy. And Wyoming Wildcat--In Wyoming to track down some missing government surveyors, McCoy ran into a pair of female hellions who threatened to do him in. And if they couldn't handle the job, there were others in line.
 id : 239265 ISBN : 1564772586  | name : Quilts from Aunt Amy  |  description : "Inside, you'll find: Favorite patterns from Aunt Amy's time... ; Traditional designs updated to accomodate quick cutting and piecing techniques ; Special vintage photographs of Aunt Amy, plus a fascinating history of her creative life"--from back cover.
 id : 239266 ISBN : 157120153X  | name : Cotton Candy Quilts  |  description : Important Note about PRINT ON DEMAND Editions: You are purchasing a print on demand edition of this book. This book is printed individually on uncoated (non-glossy) paper with the best quality printers available. The printing quality of this copy will vary from the original offset printing edition and may look more saturated. The information presented in this version is the same as the latest edition. Any pattern pullouts have been separated and presented as single pages. If the pullout patterns are missing, please contact c&t publishing.
 id : 239267 ISBN : 0452275970  | name : 366 Healthful Ways to Cook Tofu and Other Meat Alternatives  |  description : Now you can have hearty roasts with all the trimmings, succulent burgers, and rich stews - with meat alternatives! Robin Robertson, a professional chef and cooking teacher, offers more than 350 flavorful, heart-healthy recipes for protein-packed, low-fat, no-cholesterol alternatives to meat, poultry, fish, and eggs: tofu, tempeh, seitan, beans, whole grains, and more. If you've never cooked with meat alternatives before, this book provides everything you need to know about shopping, storing, and preparation. You'll learn how to turn tofu into kid-friendly Mini-Pita Pizzas, seitan into elegant Swedish Wheatballs, and dried beans into a savory Chick-pea and Fennel Stew. Classic Jambalaya and Lasagna don't need meat or seafood to make them marvelous; try a clever Shepherdess Pie or juicy You'll-Never-Miss-the-Meatloaf when company's coming. Explore this exciting new world of vegetarian cooking, with fifty soup and stew recipes alone, plus make-ahead casseroles, kebabs for summer cookouts, main-dish salads, velvety risottos, and substantial stuffed vegetables. With minimal cheese, eggs, and dairy, these recipes are suitable for virtually every vegetarian - from occasional to ovo-lacto - and for most vegans as well. They combine family style cooking with easy gourmet techniques and natural ingredients to produce a wonderful array of the tasty, highly nutritious dishes you love to cook and serve.
 id : 239268 ISBN : 0425178080  | name : Arkansas Traveler  |  description : Benni Harper is thrilled to be back in her hometown, but her joy soon fades after she realizes the town is in the middle of a heated battle over the merging of two church congregations.
 id : 239269 ISBN : 1570670919  | name : The Saucy Vegetarian  |  description : With this guide, learn the secrets of making either hot or cold no-cook sauces, from curried to Italian style, sweet or spicy, smooth or chunky, that will make any meal out of the ordinary, more nutritious and mouthwatering.
 id : 239271 ISBN : 2869301189  | name : La colline aux suicidés  |  description : Depuis que sa femme et ses filles l'ont quitté, le sergent Lloyd Hopkins est seul. Seul contre ses anciens collègues qui veulent le forcer à prendre une retraite anticipée ; seul contre des braqueurs de banque tueurs de flics ; contre les nouveaux chrétiens ; contre les tarés, les macs, les félés et les obsédés du cul. Hopkins est seul contre lui-même et sa propre folie. Et il est prêt au sacrifice. Après Lune Sanglante et à cause de la nuit, voici La colline aux suicidés, nouvelle descente aux enfers américains du sergent Lloyd Hopkins.
 id : 239272 ISBN : 0425172961  | name : Seven Sisters  |  description : In the seventh book of the Benni Harper Mystery series, the sleuthing quilter becomes entangled in a feuding family's tragic past and investigates a brutal crime that hits perilously close to home.
 id : 239273 ISBN : 0425162990  | name : Dove in the Window  |  description : A woman photographer is killed on the ranch of PI Benni Harper in California. The murder occurs during a Thanksgiving reunion and is a case of jealousy involving two men. Benni must decide which one did it.
 id : 239274 ISBN : 0312203365  | name : Light at Dusk  |  description : Will Law, a rising star in the U.S. Foreign Service, mysteriously walks away from his post and, in Paris, falls into the arms of his onetime lover Pedro. When the child of a mutual friend is kidnapped by a Nationalist gang, Will is reluctantly drawn back to the diplomatic world he abandoned. Fighting against a rising tide of French anti-immigrant hatred, the Americans launch a deperate search across the city. In the process, Will must challenge the moral burdens of his past, and in an attempt to rescue the child, he must also find a way to redeem himself.
 id : 239275 ISBN : 2253145521  | name : Une fille quelconque  |  description : Pour marquer son indépendance vis-à-vis d'un père riche et accoutumé à l'injustice du monde, Janice a épousé Sam Fink, un communiste militant dans l'Amérique des années trente. Elle aime son aspiration à une société meilleure, sa dénonciation intransigeante du conformisme ambiant. Les pièges du siècle les sépareront : Sam s'embourbe dans la glorification de Staline, défend le pacte germano-soviétique... Bientôt Janice ne verra plus en lui qu'un révolutionnaire dogmatique et beau parleur. Alors commence pour elle la recherche authentique de la liberté et de l'amour. Elle les rencontrera en la personne d'un musicien aveugle. Dans un récit bref et essentiel, autour d'un admirable portrait de femme, Arthur Miller pose quelques questions fondamentales de notre temps. Toute une vie, dans un tout petit livre plein d'humour, de sagesse, de tendresse et d'amour aussi. Pas mal, pour un octogénaire ! Annie Copfermann, Les Echos. Un roman tendre et subtil qui fait regretter qu'Arthur Miller ait consacré l'essentiel de son art au théâtre. Alexis Liebaert, L'Evénement du jeudi.
 id : 239276 ISBN : 0425168913  | name : Mariner's Compass  |  description : Benni Harper journeys to Morro Bay to claim an inheritance from Jacob Chandler, a man she does not know, and embarks on a baffling hunt for clues to the mysteries of the past.
 id : 239277 ISBN : 0848710487  | name : Lap Quilting with Georgia Bonesteel  |  description : Contains step-by-step instructions for more than sixty traditional patterns and discusses techniques, tools, and designs for quilts, pillows, accessories, and wall hangings
 id : 239278 ISBN : 2070374084  | name : Pot-Bouille  |  description : L'histoire d'un immeuble dans le Paris embelli, policé, moralisé, rentabilisé par la révolution haussmannienne. Le propriétaire, les locataires, le terrible concierge, des employés «résignés comme des chevaux de manège», un architecte qui trompe sa femme, deux ou trois femmes hystériques, des gamines vicieuses, des «troupeaux de demoiselles à marier», des thés musicaux : pas de drame mais la ménagerie sociale d'une époque au grand complet, «la pourriture d'une maison bourgeoise, des caves au grenier». Et, derrière le décor «Beaux-Arts» de la façade, le trou infect de la cour où la «rancune de la domesticité» vomit «les ordures cachées des familles». «Toutes les baraques se ressemblent, conclut l'une des bonnes. C'est cochon et compagnie.»
 id : 239279 ISBN : 2070496546  | name : Noyade au désert  |  description : L'organisation des "Amis de la Famille" a encore un petit service à demander à Neal Carey. Oh, pas grand-chose : juste retrouver une ex-vedette du burlesque qui se planque à Las Vegas et la ramener chez elle à Palm Springs. Mais c'est sans compter les deux tueurs, la chanteuse de cabaret, encore belle mais toujours aussi dingue, et l'agent d'assurances totalement déjanté qui, tous, collent aux basques du vieil homme. Et puis il y a Karen, la femme que Neal doit épouser et qui veut désespérément être enceinte...
 id : 239280 ISBN : 1563057115  | name : Passionate Vegetarian  |  description : Introducing a new voice in vegetarian cooking. Packed with 1,000 recipes that are seductive, sexy, and utterly delicious, Passionate Vegetarian covers all the bases of meatless cooking, from east (Stir Fry of Asparagus with Black Bean-Ginger Sauce), west (Talk of the Town Barbecued Tofu), from the Mediterranean (Swiss Chard with Raisins, Onions & Olives) to the American South (Black-Eyed Pea Ragovt). You'll find lush lasagnas; plump pierogies; bountiful burgers, beans, and breads; pleasing pasta and pies. You'll spoon up soups and stews, and delight in desserts from simple to swoonworthy. Written by longtime vegetarian Crescent Dragonwagon, author of Dairy Hollow House Soup & Bread Cookbook, Passionate Vegetarian employs innovative methods (try "Ri-sort-ofs," in which risotto technique is used to create splendid, richly flavored grain dishes built around not just rice but also barley, buckwheat, spelt, and even toasted oats with an array of seasonings) and introduces lesser-known ingredients (get to know and love not just tofu and tempeh but a whole new generation of soyfoods, as well as "Quick Fixes" like instant bean flakes). Opinionated, passionate, and deeply personal, Ms. Dragonwagon's tantalizing headnotes will have readers rushing to the kitchen to start cooking. (Can her over-the-top Garlic Spaghetti really be that good? It is.) Whether you're a committed vegetarian, a dedicated vegan (most recipes offer low-fat and vegan options), or a food-loving omnivore in search of something new and wonderful, this is not just vegetarian cooking--but cooking, period--at its most creative, inspiring, and exuberant.
 id : 239281 ISBN : 1565658809  | name : The Vegan Sourcebook  |  description : Increasing numbers of people--including actress Drew Barrymore, pop star Moby, and actor Alec Baldwin--are embracing veganism, a lifestyle that entails avoiding all animal-based products and behaving ethically and conscientiously within our surroundings. In "The Vegan Sourcebook," long-time activist Joanne Stepaniak further explores and illuminates the principles and practical aspects of compassionate living.
 id : 239285 ISBN : 0553052543  | name : Controlling Cholesterol  |  description : Emphasizing a preventive approach to good health, this guide offers information and advice on reducing susceptibility to heart disease
 id : 239288 ISBN : 0878578307  | name : Fighting Disease  |  description : The past few decades have witnessed an explosion in knowledge of how the human immune system works. Here, 100 medical researchers are interviewed on the latest scientific breakthroughs.
 id : 239292 ISBN : 0696111225  | name : The Rifles, the Cartridges, and the Game  |  description : Offers advice on selecting the correct rifle and cartridge to the type of game and the type of hunter
 id : 239294 ISBN : 0471306061  | name : Seven Ideas that Shook the Universe  |  description : A fascinating look at seven of the most important and revolutionary ideas of physics. The authors have updated the material in view of recent developments and expanded their discussion of the impact of developments in physics on philosophy, literature and the arts. Mathematical explanations of concepts are provided as well as the addition of more questions and several algebra-based problems.
 id : 239295 ISBN : 0802117368  | name : Repetition  |  description : As vague memories - a childhood trip to Berlin with his mother, perhaps looking for his father? - spring from ordinary images and objects, Robin's days in Berlin become a labyrinth of present and past haunted by echoes of Proust and Oedipus. But ultimately, to whom do these memories belong? And who, after all, is Robin?"--BOOK JACKET.
 id : 239296 ISBN : 0802136826  | name : This Place You Return to Is Home  |  description : Haunted by the past, these melancholy stories explore the paradox of home as a place of both departure and return, comprising a range of voices portrayed with breathtaking skill.
 id : 239299 ISBN : 063113896X  | name : In Defence of Animals  |  description : In Singer's book, the idea of the animal rights movement is set in the context of scientific knowledge, philosophy, and ethics. This highly readable account gives an invaluable introduction to modern thought on animal rights. (Animals/Pets)
 id : 239300 ISBN : 0670843822  | name : Sweet Dreams, Willy  |  description : Not wanting to sleep at bedtime, Willy goes in search of others still awake, thus beginning adventures in a night world with birds, fish, the moon, and stars.
 id : 239302 ISBN : 1586634127  | name : The Tempest  |  description : "Get your "A" in gear! They're today's most popular study guides-with everything you need to succeed in school. Written by Harvard students for students, since its inception "SparkNotes(TM) has developed a loyal community of dedicated users and become a major education brand. Consumer demand has been so strong that the guides have expanded to over 150 titles. "SparkNotes'(TM) motto is "Smarter, Better, Faster because: - They feature the most current ideas and themes, written by experts. - They're easier to understand, because the same people who use them have also written them. - The clear writing style and edited content enables students to read through the material quickly, saving valuable time. And with everything covered--context; plot overview; character lists; themes, motifs, and symbols; summary and analysis, key facts; study questions and essay topics; and reviews and resources--you don't have to go anywhere else!
 id : 239303 ISBN : 089526241X  | name : Gore  |  description : This insightful and probing biography is the first to fully evaluate Al Gore's evolving political career. With frontline Washington experience, first-rate contacts, and unparalleled credibility, Zelnick delves into the following topics: -- Gore's hypocrisy on tobacco, from a beneficiary of tobacco money to a vocal anti-tobacco politician -- The true costs of Gore's "cosmic" environmentalism, and is it scientifically sound? -- His intimate connection with the Chinese campaign contribution scandal -- His flip-flopping of key issues, such as abortion, to gain party support and PAC money. Gore: A Political Life is sure to generate nationwide media attention -- especially when Gore heats up his campaign for the 2000 presidential election.
 id : 239304 ISBN : 0486411176  | name : Tartuffe  |  description : This timeless comedy by one of France's greatest playwrights follows the outrageous activities of a penniless scoundrel and religious pretender. Invited to live in his benefactor's house, he wreaks havoc among family members by breaking off the daughter's engagement, attempting to seduce his hostess, and resorting to blackmail and extortion.
 id : 239305 ISBN : 0451197909  | name : A Bird in Hand  |  description : When his efforts to save a young woman from drowning result in the near loss of his own life and a scandalous situation that leaves them spending the night together, future duke Lord Randolph Symington feels honor bound to propose, but the young lady refuses, and Symington is determined to discover why. Original.
 id : 239308 ISBN : 1577684737  | name : Language Arts  |  description : Includes exercises that teach the basics of grammar and writing.
 id : 239314 ISBN : 0912678909  | name : Into the Fire  |  description : Fiction. "Collectively, these stories in INTO THE FIRE, gathered by the editors with intelligence and grace, are impressive in their geographical breadth. The narratives span the globe, and in this very dispersal correspond to the migrations of exile and return fundamental to the Asian American psyche. Individually, these stories are distinctive in their emotional range: each one flying inland, straight into the heart of our experience" - Cathy Song, author of SCHOOL FIGURES.
 id : 239315 ISBN : 0877735360  | name : The Work of this Moment  |  description : In this collection of talks, essays, interviews, and letters, Toni Packer presents a simple and original approach to spiritual growth that is free from religious authority, doctrine, symbolism and ceremony.
 id : 239318 ISBN : 1881023826  | name : The Beginner's Guide  |  description : Guaranteed to be the fastest and easiest way to learn Microsoft Word for Windows, this book features step-by-step instructions; clear illustrations that show you exactly what you should see on your screen; quick reference bars; information boxes with shortcuts, hints, and tips; and an Ota-bind spine that lays flat.
 id : 239323 ISBN : 0312281145  | name : 48 Hours to a Stronger Marriage  |  description : Presents a common-sense approach to renewing a stale marriage by reacquainting oneself with the likes, dislikes, values, beliefs, goals, and feelings of one's partner.
 id : 239324 ISBN : 1567922341  | name : A Year with Emerson  |  description : A chief event of life is that day on which we have encountered a mind that startled us. A Year with Emerson is a feast of 365 such days, designed to celebrate the bicentenary of the Sage of Concord.
 id : 239327 ISBN : 0395945569  | name : Fenway  |  description : A richly illustrated study of America's oldest major league ballpark incorporates interviews with players, coaches, and fans as it chronicles a history of the park and the great teams and athletes who have played there. 25,000 first printing. First serial, Boston Globe Magazine. Tour.
 id : 239328 ISBN : 1852307749  | name : Bereavement  |  description : We all have to face the death of someone we care for at some time in our lives. Yet few of us are prepared for bereavement and how it will affect us. This positive, sympathetic guide brings vital help and reassurance, encouraging the person left behind to understand the stages of bereavement and to deal with the range of emotions experienced. It includes coming to terms with the loss of a loved one, understanding the stages of bereavement, the bereaved child, the loss of a child, and special cases and suicides.
 id : 239331 ISBN : 0967148200  | name : Crossroads Choices  |  description : We all experience crises in our lives. But how do we go about living the rest of our lives when everything seems so utterly hopeless and chaotic? This book addresses those issues by presenting a simple framework for understanding the chaos that follows a crisis. The author uses moving stories of real people dealing with chaos as they try to find meaning in their lives once again. Some are successful and some are not. The author analyzes what has happened and how you can begin to see life from a new perspective with new faith in God. The Awareness Guide is a series of six topics that could be sessions for small group study or for individual journalling. The Annotated Bibliography gives the readers appropriate levels of additional resources.There is no easy way to deal with life. However, there is an effective process for making choices and growing in faith that is simple and clear. Crossroads Choices: Confronting Chaos takes you through that process.
 id : 239332 ISBN : 1889606022  | name : Cupid's Guidebook for the Serious Lover  |  description : CUPID'S GUIDEBOOK FOR THE SERIOUS LOVER is a gift book designed for couples who have just been engaged. It offers a format of 707 powerful and immensely insightful aphorisms on subjects like unconditional love and self-esteem. These core values are presented as a fairy tale in which a prince and princesses, after a desasterous marriage, visit Cupid on the ethereal plane and ask for his advice. Later on, this advice is shared with engaged couples throughout their kingdom. This book brings forth a collection of inspirational wisdom designed for relationships, under a mythological backdrop. Andy Zubko has written 14 other books as a greeting card publisher, he has also created thousands of cards and posters.
 id : 239333 ISBN : 0807060062  | name : Voice Lessons  |  description : Nancy Mairs--author of the acclaimed Ordinary Time--shares the sharp, distinctive story of how "finding a voice" as a writer transformed her life when she was a graduate student, wife, and mother in her late thirties. A tribute to the liberating power of feminist ideas and literature.
 id : 239336 ISBN : 0876858604  | name : House Tours  |  description : Story prose-poems by Sherril Jaffe. From "A Tree Has Died": "A tree has died in my front yard. I am afraid that this house is already becoming vindictive. It was a pretty little flowering cherry and must have died when the gardener removed the hedge that stood in front of it that was all covered with poison ivy. He sprayed the ground with herbicide and the little tree died."
 id : 239338 ISBN : 1568952996  | name : Home Fires  |  description : Anne Davis has returned to the house where she grew up, trading her glamorous Manhattan lifestyle for a harsh winter on a wind-whipped New England island. Her marriage has crumbled in the wake of a tragic accident. Now she has returned to the home on Salt Whistle Raod that has always meant shelter, security, family and love. When she awakens one snowy night to a fire that roars through the old house, Anne escapes--but runs back into the blaze to save something so precious that it's worth risking her life for. It is that reckless act of blind desperation that sets a miracle in motion. From the Paperback edition.
 id : 239339 ISBN : 0553260588  | name : Hiroshima  |  description : The experiences of two women and four men who survived the bombing of Hiroshima serve to document the incredible events that followed the sudden destruction of a city
 id : 239340 ISBN : 0689116047  | name : Molecules of the Mind  |  description : Explains molecular psychology and why it may change the way people look at the world.
 id : 239341 ISBN : 0877954143  | name : American Sextet  |  description : Fiona FitzGerald uncovers a political sex scandal of massive proportions. Who could concoct a sexual conspiracy involving six men from the highest offices in the countryb a great American Sextet
 id : 239343 ISBN : 0312832788  | name : Unexpected Developments  |  description : Democratic congressman Ben Safford of Ohio, a member of the Uniform Weapons Committee, investigates a potential scandal encompassing the Air Force, the Pentagon, a new supersonic fighter plane, and a strange case of pilot error
 id : 239345 ISBN : 0842023372  | name : Gorbachev and Glasnost  |  description : This collection of recent articles from the Soviet press provides a unique window on Gorbachev's USSR and a clear picture of the passionate struggle between reform advocates and their conservative opponents.
 id : 239351 ISBN : 0517582430  | name : Slang U.  |  description : Written by a UCLA linguistics professor and her class, and designed and illustrated by a leading graphic designer, Slang U. not only celebrates the English language at its liveliest, but also reveals what subjects are most on the minds of today's students--including a few that actually have nothing to do with either sex or beer.
 id : 239352 ISBN : 0679725016  | name : The Road Through Miyama  |  description : A memoir of the author's apprenticeship to a master potter in Japan provides a guide to an exacting craft, a personal portrait of the village, and a perceptive look at the cultural roots of modern Japan
 id : 239354 ISBN : 1842222740  | name : The Biggest Rock and Pop Quiz Book  |  description : The Biggest Rock & Pop Quiz Book is packed with over 13,000 questions (and answers), arranged into rounds of 20 or 25 questions, with each round graded according to three levels of difficulty. The quizzes concentrate on every aspect of the world of popular music, from Elvis Presley to Barbra Streisand to the Spice Girls and much, much more! It is an ideal gift and a necessary addition to every nostalgic rock and roller's game collection and home library.
 id : 239356 ISBN : 0812520505  | name : The Computer Munched My Homework, and Other Classroom Jokes  |  description : A back-to-school collection of jokes and riddles all about the classroom can be used all year round to amuse classmates and pester teachers. Original. All ages.
 id : 239360 ISBN : 0671617192  | name : Predators  |  description : The two survivors of a massacre on the Canadian tundra--a man and a wolf--join forces with a woman who shares their thirst for vengeance to stalk the man responsible for the slaughter, a cold-blooded psychopath with a taste for savagery
 id : 239361 ISBN : 0451200950  | name : The Lady from Lisbon  |  description : After being unceremoniously jilted, Alistair Langley was certainly not looking for a new romance -- until he meets his aunt's delightful, and fetching, goddaughter....
 id : 239365 ISBN : 1852304944  | name : The Natural Way with Heart Disease  |  description : Shows how to avoid heart disease altogether as well as how to reverse its effects naturally.
 id : 239367 ISBN : 1852307951  | name : When Men Believe in Love  |  description : Psychologist Susan Edwards here invites the reader to enter the world of men who value love. She uses the stories of men that she has known to present a book that offers hope to both men and women.
 id : 239368 ISBN : 1855940884  | name : Searching for a Friend  |  description : Aine and Christina have been best friends for ten years. When Aine moves away, Christina is brokenhearted. She is befriended by two classmates, but soon realises they are cowardly bullies. In desperation, Christina takes a drastic step.
 id : 239369 ISBN : 0966076109  | name : Wild Winds  |  description : A series of outdoor related stories and humor, including family, children, parents, outdoor adventures, and a chapter on Freebe the WonderDog.
 id : 239373 ISBN : 0874831520  | name : Dry Bones  |  description : The discovery of a fossilized bone by young Jonas Torbett creates a clamor among those who speculate on its origin
 id : 239374 ISBN : 0394739701  | name : From the Life of the Marionettes  |  description : Bergman probes the potential for violence that enables even the most well-adjusted human being to snap in his drama about the brutal murder of a prostitute and a policeman's search for motives
 id : 239375 ISBN : 1885173555  | name : Framework for Death  |  description : The Underground Railroad is active again, but this time it's been set up by terrified mothers and fathers to spirit their endangered children away from the other threatening parent. When one mother's flight goes haywire, David Alvarez is called in to investigate--putting him in touch with a past love, engineer Tory Travers.
 id : 239376 ISBN : 0684146932  | name : The Basil and Josephine Stories  |  description : Short stories.
 id : 239377 ISBN : 0312017731  | name : Honour and Obey  |  description : After her husband's accidental death, Julia Somerville takes over his automobile manufacturing operation, making it a success that is threatened only by the desires of one ambitious journalist
 id : 239378 ISBN : 0451450140  | name : Royal Chaos  |  description : The royal wedding of Mercury Boltblaster and Queen Raella is disrupted by an assassin's arrow, which kills the blushing bride, and Jason Cosmo, best man, must find the party-crashing assassin
 id : 239379 ISBN : 0376020091  | name : 30 Minutes Or Less Cookbook  |  description : If you love to prepare healthy, delicious meals for your family but find yourself hard pressed for time, this is the recipe collection for you.
 id : 239381 ISBN : 0671460323  | name : The Gatherer  |  description : The "Gatherer," an almost-human scarecrow, sets out to punish those who have sinned and anybody else who gets in the way of its terrifying thirst for retribution, in a chilling tale of ritual murder and horrifying violence
 id : 239382 ISBN : 1882138481  | name : Easy Weekend Afghans  |  description : A collection of more than 60 patterns that you can finish in just one weekend! From start to finish in about 16 hours or less, you can have in your hands a warm and cozy afghan.
 id : 239386 ISBN : 1566863139  | name : Myst Solutions  |  description : MYST is one of the top three PC games in history. For over a year, the game has dominated the number one position on bestseller lists from every major game magazine. This guide provides a complete walk-through of the game, screen shots related to solving the puzzles, an appendix with trouble-shooting tips and more.
 id : 239387 ISBN : 1561382809  | name : "But I Wouldn't Want to Live There!"  |  description : Hundreds of quotations from world travelers reveal their observations on city and country life, the different regions of the U.S., and the cordial enmity between Europeans and their neighbors and Americans and the rest of the world
 id : 239388 ISBN : 0806906944  | name : Mindstretching Puzzles  |  description : Give your brain the kind of workout that will make you sharper, smarter, a better problem solver. Introducing the strange new world of cryptarithms, alphametics, simultaneous equations, and layered thinking--puzzles that will challenge you to replace letters with digits to find words, flatten cubes into two dimensions, find missing persons, break codes, and much more. It's not how much math or algebra you know, but how flexible your thinking is. 96 pages, 60 b/w illus., 5 3/8 x 8 1/4.
 id : 239391 ISBN : 0743236874  | name : Producer  |  description : From one of the most successful producers in the entertainment industry--responsible for such classics as "Roots, The Thorn Birds, " and "L.A. Confidential"--comes a fascinating memoir of life at the very hub of Hollywood. of photos.
 id : 239392 ISBN : 1899860355  | name : Food for Love  |  description : Food for Love is ??? timate sensual cookbook. Specially created menus embrace every season, palate and amorous occasion. Some dishes contain aphrodisiac ingredients, every dish has been chosen for its exquisite flavour. Inspiration for the recipes comes from around the world. Food for Love is the perfect addition to every lover's library. There are witty poems, romantic interludes, anecdotes on the potency and power of love foods', together with tips on how to create the perfect romantic setting. Whether lunching al fresco or dining by candlelight, Food for Love will help you make it extra special.
 id : 239393 ISBN : 0380759853  | name : Romantic Massage  |  description : Ten Loving Massages To Make that Special Occasion Extra Special The Fireside Massage Warm Up a Frosty Winters' Afternoon The Breakfast in Bed Massage Greet the Day Refreshed A Picnic Massage Back to Nature Slow Dancing Massage Let Music Lead the Way to Romance On the Beach The Best Massage Under the Sun Stress Relief Massage Rub Away Tension The More the Merrier Two (or Three) on One Be My Valentine AN Erotic Massage The Gift of Sleep Goodnight Sweet Prince or Princess Happy New Year Massage Start the Year Relaxed and Right
 id : 239396 ISBN : 0929793013  | name : My Very Own Book of Mother Goose Animals  |  description : Short lines from Mother Goose are illustrated with animals referred to in the verses.
 id : 239398 ISBN : 0373898355  | name : The Widow and the Wastrel  |  description : The Widow And The Wa by Janet Dailey released on Sep 24, 1987 is available now for purchase.
 id : 239399 ISBN : 0373288549  | name : For Love Alone  |  description : For Love Alone by Barbara Leigh released on Nov 24, 1994 is available now for purchase.
 id : 239400 ISBN : 1576575756  | name : Trees  |  description : A renowned photographer of sculpture, David Finn here turns his talent to delicate watercolor paintings of trees. Organized by month, the book follows the change of seasons in a selection of delicate, carefully observed works, from among the many hundreds of watercolors Finn has done throughout his career. With an introduction by well-known watercolor painter, Donald Holden.
 id : 239402 ISBN : 0380772736  | name : Wind Across Texas  |  description : Longing to escape from her domineering father, beautiful Shay Alexander runs away with mysterious hired hand Cale Breland and discovers that the handsome man has an agenda of his own. Original.
 id : 239406 ISBN : 0373253931  | name : The Adventurer  |  description : Legend has it that years and years ago Emelina Fleetwood discovered a treasure of gold and, before she died, buried it and then drew a map of the spot. A treasure map, which supposedly traces the path to their ancestor's pot of gold, has been handed down to each generation of Fleetwood women. The current map owner, Sarah believes in the legend and hires treasure hunter Gideon Trace to help her search. And he's more than willing to share her adventure.
 id : 239407 ISBN : 0684718057  | name : The Old Man and the Sea  |  description : Story of an old fisherman's struggle against natural obstacles that hinder the catch of a huge marlin
 id : 239408 ISBN : 0373111827  | name : Tender Persuasion  |  description : Tender Persuasion by Sara Wood released on Apr 24, 1989 is available now for purchase.
 id : 239409 ISBN : 0618246932  | name : The Best American Nonrequired Reading, 2002  |  description : Presents selections of mainstream and alternative American literature, including both fiction and nonfiction, that discuss a broad spectrum of subjects.
 id : 239410 ISBN : 0373028059  | name : At Daggers Drawn  |  description : At Daggers Drawn by Margaret Mayo released on Oct 24, 1986 is available now for purchase.
 id : 239411 ISBN : 0066210658  | name : Gaudi  |  description : At the time of his death in 1926, Antonio Gaudi was arguably the most famous architect in the world. He had created some of the greatest and most controversial masterpieces of modern architecture, which were as exotic as they were outrageous. For many, Gaudi's unique architecture is Barcelona. But little is known about the shadowy figure behind the swirling, vivid buildings that inspired the surrealists. A fervent Catholic with an unstinting love for Catalonia, his homeland, an innovator who was profoundly orthodox, and a hermit who chose lifelong celibacy, having been rejected by the woman he loved, Gaudi was both brilliant and eccentric. He was very much the product of his time and place, and this masterful biography brings both man and architect powerfully to life against the changing backdrop of Barcelona and Catalonia. Gijs van Hensbergen leads us through the design and construction of Gaudi's most significant buildings, revealing their innovation and complexity and demonstrating the growing relevance of Gaudi's architecture today. The author captures not only the power and importance of Gaudi's work but the unique spirit of Catalan culture as well. This supreme artist lived by extravagant gestures and a creativity that bordered on madness. Even his legendary death under a tram as he stepped back to admire his cathedral in Barcelona has the hint of absurdity and poetry. In this first critical biography of one of Spain's most celebrated artists and the twentieth century's greatest architect, Gijs van Hensbergen makes a compelling argument for Gaudi's stature as icon of artistic integrity and genius.
 id : 239412 ISBN : 0312284411  | name : The New York Times Large-Print Crossword Puzzle Omnibus Volume 3  |  description : *120 Daily-sized puzzles. *Large Print puzzles and clues for easy reading by elderly or other low-vision puzzle fans. *Perfect bound paperback. The first Large Print Omnibus from the New York Times in more than two years, this collection of daily-sized puzzles in a special Large Print format will be eagerly awaited.
 id : 239413 ISBN : 0449133958  | name : Texas Kingdoms  |  description : Will Burkett, builder and Western pioneer, joins forces with Chance Evans, a gambler and con man, to build a town called Kingdom, but a woman named Hope threatens to tear the two friends apart
 id : 239414 ISBN : 0792280105  | name : Storm of the Century  |  description : On Labor Day, 1935, at the height of the Great Depression, the fiercest hurricane in the history of the United States tore through the Florida Keys. In the heart of its fury lay a group of down-and-out World War I veterans who had been sent to the Keys on a federally sponsored work project. Living in hastily built shacks just yards from the Atlantic Ocean, the men were completely unprepared for the 200-mile-per-hour winds and massive waves that would assail them on the night of September 2, 1935. In "Storm of the Century, journalist Willie Drye creates a vivid account of the storm' s rampage. DryeStorm of the Century is a haunting tale of the devastating power of nature and politics. Praise for "Storm of the Century: " Engrossing....Vividly captures the hurricane' s monstrous energy." "--Kirkus Reviews " A stirring tale of nature' s power and an expose of government ineptitude....Compelling reading." "--BookPage
 id : 239415 ISBN : 038572070X  | name : Universal Foam  |  description : Physicist Sidney Perkowitz, whom the Washington Post calls "a gloriously lucid science writer," exposes the full dimensions of foam in our lives, from cappuccino to the cosmos. Foam affects the taste of beer, makes shaving easier, insulates take-out coffee cups and NASA space shuttles, controls bleeding in trauma victims, aids in drilling for oil, and captures dust particles from comets. The foam of ocean whitecaps affects Earth's climate, and astronomers believe the billions of galaxies that make up the universe rest on surfaces of immense bubbles within a gargantuan foam. From the cultural uses of foam to the cutting edge of foam research in cosmology and quantum mechanics, Perkowitz's investigations will delight readers of Henry Petroski, James Gleick and Michio Kaku.
 id : 239416 ISBN : 0446342904  | name : Newspaper Murders  |  description : Reporter Frank Sweeney is murdered, leaving the Chicago Special Squad, including Sergeant Terry Flynn and Detective Karen Kovac, to deal with conflicting pressures from the newspapers, political figures, suspects, and the Cook County machine
 id : 239418 ISBN : 0553140701  | name : Nebraska!  |  description : The daring trail as wagons cross the Great Plains toward a new era in America.
 id : 239419 ISBN : 0373255160  | name : For the Love of Pete  |  description : For The Love Of Pete by Elise Title released on Aug 25, 1992 is available now for purchase.
 id : 239423 ISBN : 2070323625  | name : Ailleurs  |  description : Version revue et corrigée de trois récits respectivement écrits en 1936, 1941 et 1946. De bien étranges (et cruelles) moeurs et coutumes, dans des pays imaginaires, mais "parfaitement naturels" selon le poète Michaux (cf. p. 7). A noter que l'édition de 1962 comportait 70 pages de plus.
 id : 239426 ISBN : 0515102059  | name : Wings of a Dove  |  description : From the author of "Tarnished Angel" and "Eagle" comes a tale of two orphans who survive the trials and tribulations of a love that lasts a lifetime.
 id : 239429 ISBN : 2869305699  | name : Des amis imaginaires  |  description : Dans son troisième roman, publié aux Etats-Unis en 1967, Alison Lurie met en scène une véritable comédie intellectuelle entre deux professeurs, Roger Zimmern, un jeune sociologue, et son aîné, le professeur McMann, qui fait preuve, à son égard, de plus de réticence que d'enthousiasme. McMann, homme de terrain, entraîne Roger dans son sillage, dans le but d'étudier les comportements " humains " d'un petit groupe d'individus. A Sophis, une ville située non loin de leur université dans l'Etat de New York, McMann et Zimmern rencontrent une bande de fanatiques versés dans le spiritualisme : " Les Chercheurs de Vérité ". Brillante satire de la sociologie et du monde totalitaire des sectes, l'auteur multiplie les leurres et les surprises avec cet humour de détective apte à débusquer les impostures des systèmes de vérité.
 id : 239430 ISBN : 2070427641  | name : On n'y voit rien  |  description : Que fait-on quand on regarde une peinture ? A quoi pense-t-on ? Qu'imagine-t-on ? Comment dire, comment se dire à soi-même ce que l'on voit ou devine ? Et comment l'historien d'art peut-il interpréter sérieusement ce qu'il voit un peu, beaucoup, passionnément ou pas du tout ? En six courtes fictions narratives qui se présentent comme autant d'enquêtes sur des évidences du visible, de Velázquez à Titien, de Bruegel à Tintoret, Daniel Arasse propose des aventures du regard. Un seul point commun entre les tableaux envisagés : la peinture y révèle sa puissance en nous éblouissant, en démontrant que nous ne voyons rien de ce qu'elle nous montre. On n'y voit rien ! Mais ce rien, ce n'est pas rien. Écrit par un des historiens d'art les plus brillants d'aujourd'hui, ce livre adopte un ton vif, libre et drôle pour aborder le savoir sans fin que la peinture nous délivre à travers les siècles.
 id : 239431 ISBN : 284261190X  | name : Territoires  |  description : Askar, jeune Somali recueilli à sa naissance par une Ethiopienne, Misra, vit en Ogaden une enfance heureuse, celle de la Somalie d'avant la partition. Sa circoncision et sa séparation d'avec Misra à huit ans, lorsque, la guerre faisant rage, il est envoyé chez son oncle et sa tante à Mogadiscio, marqueront pour lui la rupture brutale avec l'enfance et l'entrée dans le territoire des adultes, cet univers de frontières et de cartes. Un texte fondamental de l'Afrique contemporaine qui montre les déchirures de ce continent pris entre frontières des peuples, territoires coloniaux et identités culturelles. Premier volet de la trilogie " Territoires, Dons et Secrets ".
 id : 239432 ISBN : 2070426734  | name : Jonas ou l'Artiste au travail  |  description : Quoi qu'il puisse arriver, Jonas, peintre au talent reconnu, croit en sa bonne étoile - jamais elle ne cessera de l'aider et de le guider. Pourtant la vie, ses proches, ses amis, ses disciples l'acculent peu à peu à la stérilité artistique... Un ingénieur français, en mission au Brésil, est confronté aux superstitions et au mysticisme des indigènes. Mais l'amitié qu'il éprouve pour l'un d'entre eux aura raison de son scepticisme. Deux magnifiques nouvelles à la fin mystérieuse et ambiguë par l'auteur de L'étranger.
 id : 239433 ISBN : 0380973359  | name : Wheel of the Infinite  |  description : In Duvalpore, where the Wheel of the Infinite must be remade every century or reality will suffer, the Wheel's guardians cannot cope with the damages that appear, and only the outcast Maskelle and Rian the swordsman can find the source of the problem.
 id : 239436 ISBN : 2842056477  | name : Abrégé de littérature potentielle  |  description : La littérature potentielle, qu'est-ce que c'est ? Une littérature sous contrainte. Selon ta définition que l'on prête à Raymond Queneau, l'auteur oulipien est " un rat qui construit lui-même te labyrinthe dont il se propose de sortir ". Un labyrinthe de lettres, de mots, de sons, de phrases, de paragraphes, de chapitres, de livres, de bibliothèques, de formes, etc. L'écriture sous contrainte ne saurait être réservée aux seuls trente et quelques membres de l'Oulipo, de Pérec à Calvino (excusés aux réunions pour cause de décès), de Fournel à Roubaud ou aux autres. Cet abrégé se veut d'utilité publique. Il propose à tous les principales contraintes de l'Ouvroir de littérature potentielle et quelques exercices, pour produire de la prose et de la poésie... à l'infini.
 id : 239439 ISBN : 2228897337  | name : En observant Venise  |  description : Il est inutile de prétendre que la Venise touristique n'est pas la véritable Venise, ce qui demeure possible pour d'autres villes - Rome, Florence ou Naples. La Venise des touristes est Venise : les gondoliers, les couchers de soleil, la lumière changeante, le Florian, le Quadri, Torcello, le Harry's Bar, Murano, Burano, les pigeons, les ouvrages de perles, le vaporetto. Venise est un accordéon de cartes postales d'elle-même. De ce point de vue, le livre de Mary McCarthy (1912-1989) est irremplaçable car il est nourri d'une passion lucide. Le goût du croquis s'y associe à une culture raffinée. Au fil de ses bonheurs comme de ses humeurs, jonglant avec tous les arts, l'écrivain nous offre sans doute l'un des plus beaux essais sur Venise. Mary McCarthy est l'auteur, dans la même collection, d'un autre portrait de ville : "Les Pierres de Florence".
 id : 239441 ISBN : 0451157141  | name : Lord Greyfalcon's Reward  |  description : Miss Sylvia Jensen-Graham, informed of the many excesses and indulgences of the Earl of Grayfalcon, takes it upon herself to set him straight but instead finds herself charmed by him
 id : 239442 ISBN : 2842054083  | name : La brouille des deux Ivan  |  description : Cette nouvelle de Nicolas Gogol (1809-1852) constitue la suite des Soirées du hameau. L'action se passe cette fois à Mirgorod, chef-lieu du district. Les protagonistes, Ivan Ivanovitch et Ivan Nikiforovitch, sont deux notables du petit bourg ukrainien. Bons voisins et amis de longue date, ils se prennent un jour de querelle pour une raison futile. La dispute prend vite les proportions d'une épopée, dont s'émeuvent tous les habitants... Au-delà de l'évocation truculente de la vie provinciale, qui annonce Le Revizor et Les Ames mortes, ce récit, qui fit l'enchantement de Pouchkine, valut à Gogol sa réputation de " poète de la vie réelle ".
 id : 239444 ISBN : 2290313734  | name : Andromaque  |  description : " Où suis-je ? Qu'ai-je fait ? Que dois-je faire encore ? Quel transport me saisit ? Quel chagrin me dévore ? Errante, et sans dessein, je cours dans ce palais. Ah ! ne puis-je savoir si j'aime, ou si je hais ? Le cruel ! De quel œil il m'a congédiée ? Sans pitié, sans douleur, au moins étudiée. En ai-je vu se troubler, et me plaindre un moment ? En ai-je pu tirer un seul gémissement ? Muet à mes soupirs, tranquille à mes alarmes, Semblait-il seulement qu'il eût part à mes larmes ? Et je le plains encore ? Et pour comble d'ennui Mon cœur, mon lâche cœur s'intéresse pour lui ? Je tremble, au seul penser du coup qui le menace ? Et prête à me venger je lui fais déjà grâce ? Non, ne révoquons point l'arrêt de mon courroux. Qu'il périsse. Aussi bien il ne vit plus pour nous. "
 id : 239445 ISBN : 2290313750  | name : Histoires d'amour  |  description : " Gilda haussa les épaules. Elle lui dit que s'il devait lui parler sur ce ton, mieux valait qu'il s'en allât. Du reste, elle l'avait averti ; il ne devait pas entrer par surprise dans sa chambre, sans frapper : et de toute façon, jamais en pleine nuit. C'en était trop pour Sangiorgio. Il se leva et, saisissant sa femme par un bras, il lui demanda qui était dans ce cas, l'homme qu'elle avait caché dans la garde-robe. Gilda répéta la phrase avec stupéfaction et fit un geste, comme pour dire que son mari était fou. Elle ajouta, de mauvaise grâce, qu'il fallait la laisser. Ces mots, elle les prononça avec dégoût. Avant même de pouvoir se rendre compte de ce qui lui arrivait, elle se retrouva allongée sur le lit, avec Sangiorgio sur elle, haletant, lui serrant le cou. " Extrait de la nouvelle Le Malentendu, 1939.
 id : 239449 ISBN : 1573660361  | name : The Aztec Love God  |  description : The story of a Mexican-American standup comedian whose specialty is making fun of ethnic stereotypes. He is Tiofilo Duartes and the novel describes how--to survive--he is forced to stoop to this form of comedy.
 id : 239450 ISBN : 2070585719  | name : Marie la fourmi  |  description : Dans un château de fourmis vivait la reine entourée de ses nombreux sujets. Marie était la plus petite des ouvrières et tout ce qu'elle trouvait était trop lourd à porter pour sa petite taille...
 id : 239451 ISBN : 0786245352  | name : Death by Darjeeling  |  description : "Meet Theodosia Browning, owner of Charleston's beloved Indigo Tea Shop, where patrons enjoy her delicious blend of tea tastings and southern hospitality. The sweet smell of success turns to suspense when an esteemed guest is found dead."--Back cover.
 id : 239452 ISBN : 2259191630  | name : Ébène  |  description : La 4e de couverture indique : "Quand Ryszard Kapuscinski arrive comme journaliste en 1958 à Accra, la capitale du Ghana, il ne peut soupçonner que ce voyage sera le début 'une passion qui ne le quittera plus jamais. Pendant des années, ce grand reporter doublé d'un écrivain sillonne le continent noir, habite les quartiers des Africains, s'expose à des conditions de vie qu'aucun correspondant occidental n'aurait acceptées. Observateur exceptionnel, il croise des potentats comme Nkrumah, Kenyatta ou Idi Amin, témoigne de coups d'Etat et de guerres civiles (au Rwanda par exemple) ; il essuie des fusillades, affronte des tempêtes de sable et supporte l'indescriptible chaleur africaine. Mais Kapuscinski s'intéresse surtout aux gens et sait gagner leur confiance. Le tumulte de la vie quotidienne africaine le passionne davantage que les corruptions, les épidémies et les guerres meurtrières. Ce livre majeur, attendu depuis longtemps, a reçu en 2000 le prestigieux prix littéraire italien Viareggio."
 id : 239453 ISBN : 2070425517  | name : La chair fraîche et autres textes  |  description : Qu'il relise, comme dans un rêve, les derniers textes d'un écrivain qui s'est suicidé, qu'il raconte la complexité des sentiments d'amour, d'admiration, de méfiance et de haine qui lient deux écrivains, ou qu'il réinvente jusqu'à l'absurde la vie d'un ornithologue dans sa nécrologie, Guibert fait alterner humour, férocité et fantaisie. Court roman, La chair fraîche raconte l'étrange et burlesque histoire d'un curé. A peine arrivé dans un petit village du nord de la France, il se trouve aux prises avec " la bande des quatre " qui rackette la paroisse depuis des années et sème la pagaille parmi les habitants... De son écriture précise comme un scalpel, Hervé Guibert nous offre de petits récits savoureux et des portraits hauts en couleur.
 id : 239454 ISBN : 0446404128  | name : Playing Happy Families  |  description : Gathering for the thirty-year anniversary festivities of John and Eleanor, the Midway clan is sent into chaos when daughter Jenny Midway suddenly disappears, and Detective Superintendent Hilary Catchpole must seek out the truth. Reprint. NYT.
 id : 239455 ISBN : 0517701715  | name : The First Ladies  |  description : Brief biographies and portraits of wives, sisters, daughters, nieces, and other relatives of Presidents who have served as White House hostesses, from Martha Washington to Hillary Clinton.
 id : 239456 ISBN : 2070298701  | name : Mémoires d'Hadrien. Suivi des Carnets de notes des "Mémoires d'Hadrien"  |  description : Marguerite Yourcenar trouva un jour cette phrase, dans la Correspondance de Flaubert : "Les dieux n'étant plus, et le Christ n'étant pas encore, il y a eu, de Cicéron à Marc Aurèle, un moment unique où l'homme seul à été." Et l'auteur de Mémoires d'Hadrien ajoute : "Une grande partie de ma vie allait se passer à essayer de définir, puis à peindre, cet homme seul et d'ailleurs relié à tout." Traduit dans seize langues, salué par la presse du monde entier, Mémoires d'Hadrien n'a jamais cessé, depuis sa publication en 1951, d'entraîner de nouveaux lecteurs vers cet empereur du IIe siècle, "cet homme presque sage" qui fut, en même temps qu'un initiateur des temps nouveaux, l'un des derniers libres esprits de l'Antiquité.
 id : 239457 ISBN : 2253057525  | name : La montagne magique  |  description : Un jeune homme, Hans Castorp, se rend de Hambourg, sa ville natale, à Davos en Suisse pour passer trois semaines auprès de son cousin en traitement dans un sanatorium. Pris dans l'engrenage étrange de la vie des " gens de là-haut " et subissant l'atmosphère envoûtante du sanatorium, Hans y séjournera sept ans jusqu'au jour où la Grande Guerre , l'exorcisant, va le précipiter sur les champs de bataille. Chef-d'œuvre de Thomas Mann, le plus célèbre écrivain allemand de ce siècle, La Montagne magique est un roman-miroir où l'on peut déchiffrer tous les grands thèmes de notre époque. Et c'est en même temps une admirable histoire aux personnages inoubliables que la lumière de la haute montagne éclaire jusqu'au fond d'eux-mêmes.
 id : 239462 ISBN : 0061042196  | name : Black Butterfly  |  description : Years after a serial murderer supposedly had died in prison, someone copies his bizarre method of adorning his beautiful female victim's bodies with painted lady butterflies, and the Los Angeles police must find the twisted killer. Original.
 id : 239463 ISBN : 2746701677  | name : Le voyage de Bilqîs  |  description : Borgo, nord de l'Italie, Renaissance. Pour réussir à garder près d'elle son mari, le peintre Piero della Francesca, Silvia suit les conseils de son confesseur. Elle lui raconte l'histoire de Bilqîs, reine de Saba, qui part en voyage à Jérusalem...
 id : 239464 ISBN : 2070419673  | name : Pilgrim  |  description : 17 avril 1912 : deux nuits après le naufrage du Titanic, un homme du nom de Pilgrim, auteur d'un livre fameux sur Léonard de Vinci, se pend dans son jardin à Londres. Il est retrouvé le lendemain et l'attestation de son décès est signée par deux médecins. Cinq heures plus tard, son cœur recommence à battre. La mort a refusé Pilgrim. Réfugié dans le mutisme, Pilgrim est interné à la clinique psychiatrique Burghölzli de Zurich où l'un des médecins, Carl Gustav Jung, est immédiatement fasciné par ce cas hors du commun. Pilgrim, qui dit avoir vécu plusieurs vies, côtoyé Léonard de Vinci, sainte Thérèse d'Avila et participé à la construction de la cathédrale de Chartres, est-il un malade mythomane, un rêveur de génie ou la victime d'une étrange malédiction ? Un roman ambitieux, fantastique, métaphysique, dans lequel apparaissent Henry James, Oscar Wilde, Monna Lisa... Un roman d'une construction brillante et hardie, à l'écriture jubilatoire.
 id : 239465 ISBN : 0671611682  | name : Wednesday's Child  |  description : Leigh Novak, a young, divorced doctor, gradually realizes that Nora, a highly regarded child care worker, is abusing the local children, including Leigh's son, Jeremy
 id : 239466 ISBN : 2264018941  | name : Last exit to Brooklyn  |  description : Consacré à la violence qui déchire une société sans amour mais ivre de sexualité, ce livre a imposé d'emblée Selby parmi les auteurs majeurs de la seconde moitié de ce siècle. D'autres œuvres ont suivi : la Geôle, le Démon, Retour à Brooklyn, toutes parues dans notre " Domaine étranger ". Last Exit reste le point d'orgue de ce Céline américain acharné à nous livrer la vision apocalyptique d'un rêve devenu cauchemar. Où la solitude, la misère et l'angoisse se conjuguent comme pour mieux plonger le lecteur dans ce qui n'est peut-être que le effet de sa propre existence. Implacablement.
 id : 239467 ISBN : 0312168187  | name : Dog Eat Dog  |  description : Under the new California "three strikes" law, three ex-convicts attempt to live normal lives, but when they find it impossible to do so, they devise a plan to do one more collaborative job that will either land them in prison or put them on easy-street for the rest of their lives
 id : 239469 ISBN : 2070380963  | name : Chroniques napolitaines  |  description : Six histoires vraies - et d'autant plus incroyables - dérobées aux archives dormantes et aux mémoires anonymes couvrant les scandales des plus puissantes familles du royaume de Naples, du XVe au XVIIIe siècle. Le Prince Carlo Gesualdo, immortel musicien, assassin de son épouse adultère et de son amant ; Lavinia, la religieuse, et Pier Francesco dont les folies érotiques mettent à feu et sang le couvent de Saint-Archange, lieu d'abominations ; Masaniello, le lazzarone empoisonné par le pouvoir absolu et qu'un peuple en délire acclame, décapite et vénère ; Tibero de Vera, le sodomite exemplairement supplicé ; Tirinella et Alvise massacrés pendant leurs ébats nocturnes ; la belle et mystérieuse Orsola, qui jamais n'avoua le meurtre de sa maîtresse dona Gaetanina Escobar...
 id : 239470 ISBN : 1857997492  | name : The Birds  |  description : Theatre program.
 id : 239472 ISBN : 1840020407  | name : Graft  |  description : In this moving, sometimes harrowing short story cycle, Graft tears the skin off the acting profession to reveal the raw reality of an actor's everyday life. Acclaimed playwright, director, and actor Berkoff now turns his talents to short fiction.
 id : 239473 ISBN : 0226764214  | name : The Science of Energy  |  description : Although we take it for granted today, the concept of "energy" transformed nineteenth-century physics. In The Science of Energy, Crosbie Smith shows how a North British group of scientists and engineers, including James Joule, James Clerk Maxwell, William and James Thomson, Fleeming Jenkin, and P. G. Tait, developed energy physics to solve practical problems encountered by Scottish shipbuilders and marine engineers; to counter biblical revivalism and evolutionary materialism; and to rapidly enhance their own scientific credibility. Replacing the language and concepts of classical mechanics with terms such as "actual" and "potential" energy, the North British group conducted their revolution in physics so astutely and vigorously that the concept of "energy"—a valuable commodity in the early days of industrialization—became their intellectual property. Smith skillfully places this revolution in its scientific and cultural context, exploring the actual creation of scientific knowledge during one of the most significant episodes in the history of physics.
 id : 239474 ISBN : 0399233121  | name : Ribbiting Tales  |  description : An anthology of humorous stories celebrating the slimy frog by such authors as Robert J. Harris, Brian Jacques, and Jane Yolen.
 id : 239475 ISBN : 0553352296  | name : The Throwing Madonna  |  description : Examinations of the workings of the brain include discussions on schizophrenia, the nature of pain, and the right side of the brain
 id : 239477 ISBN : 0689121318  | name : Easeful Death  |  description : A poet and teacher, Howard Webster, feigns death and moves to Italy where he reads a magazine article lauding his work and returns home to enjoy the "posthumous" fame
 id : 239478 ISBN : 0312286570  | name : Art of Tea  |  description : Using the ancient Zen tea ceremony, Osho demonstrate the relationship between relaxation, alertness, and meditation. A cup of tea is the most ordinary thing in the world, yet Zen changes this ordinary thing into an extraordinary experience. Here, Osho shows how the art of tea is a form of meditation, telling Zen stories and anecdotes to explain the basic concepts behind the tea ceremony and the original purpose in the Zen tradition of each element of this gracious and refreshing way to gather together with friends. In addition, there are several simple exercises and meditation techniques to bring new vitality to the senses, to promote relaxation, and to enhance the appreciation of the simple pleasures of life. A practical section at the end of the book gives an overview of the different varieties of teas and what criteria to use in selecting them, plus a list of common herbal tea ingredients and their benefits. The book is illustrated with forty pages of color. Two tea cups and a bamboo mat form the perfect "starter kit" for transforming the everyday act of drinking tea into something sacred. Contents: 144-page color illustrated book, two teacups,and a bamboo mat.
 id : 239481 ISBN : 0679401490  | name : Sailor's Holiday  |  description : Four interconnected novellas--"59 and Raining," "Sailor's Holiday," "The Sultans of Africa," and "Consuelo's Kiss"--relate the adventures of Sailor Ripley and Lula Pace Fortune, two eccentric Southern lovers
 id : 239484 ISBN : 0452283310  | name : Flight of the Swan  |  description : Flight of the Swan is the irrepressibly charming tale of a world-famous Russian prima ballerina who finds herself stranded in Puerto Rico in 1917. Because of extraordinary political events in her home country, her troupe is forced to remain in the Caribbean for three months. During that time Madame falls desperately in love with a local, young revolutionary. Narrated by Madame's devotee Masha, Flight of the Swan explores the complexities of love and betrayal, and personal sacrifice for the sake of public art. Gradually, Masha comes to see that in spite of what she perceives as Madame's pretension and vanity, the ballerina's true love is dance, and she is prepared to forsake almost everything for it.Like The House on the Lagoon, Flight of the Swan is grounded in rich Puerto Rican history and culture and it compassionately and compellingly examines the essential question of where true happiness lies.
 id : 239487 ISBN : 0425062643  | name : Men to match my mountains  |  description : Our most acclaimed author of biographical and historical fiction has turned his magnificent talent to telling America's most colorful and exciting story-the opening of the Far West. Men to Match My Mountains is a true historical masterpiece, an unforgettable pageant of giants-men like John Sutter, whose dream of paradise was shattered by the California Gold Rush; Brigham Young and the Mormons who tamed the desert with Bible texts; and the silver kings and the miners who developed Nevada's Comstock Lode and settled the Rockies. America called for greatness ... and got it. There is nothing else in history to match the stories of these men who braved a wilderness to bring a new nation to the shores of the Pacific. Book jacket.
 id : 239488 ISBN : 0333654013  | name : Just William on Holiday  |  description : This is a collection of ten " Just William" stories about William`s adventures on holiday.
 id : 239489 ISBN : 095805438X  | name : Tritcheon Hash  |  description : Tritcheon Hash froze in place. She'd seen air, vacuum, wild strange planets during the course of her training. She'd lived at times in atmospheres devoid of oxygen, in acidic wastelands, in highly radioactive dustbowls.She'd been confronted by higher-brain functioning species that were as like humans as turds are like flowers ... but nothing frightened her quite as much as the thought of meeting the parents of the most well-ordered collection of anything she'd ever encountered in her life. "Funny, perceptive and hard-hitting by turns... welcome to a new and witty voice in SF satire." -- John Grant, co-editor, The Encyclopedia of Fantasy.
 id : 239490 ISBN : 0970372108  | name : Smoke Plants of North America  |  description : The author shares her discovery of over 150 wild plants that have been smoked by Native Americans and others for centuries. This information is compiled here for the first time from original ethnobotanical texts and contemporary herbalism. The book includes smoke mix recipes to stop smoking and help insomnia, a gathering guide to over 50 wild smoke plants, historical information, and stories.
 id : 239494 ISBN : 0060564164  | name : The Dive  |  description : The sea was our common home, and I felt our connection went back a very long way -- to a time that predated man's emergence from the water. In 1996, Francisco "Pipín" Ferreras, a native Cuban and a world champion in the dangerous and controversial sport of free diving, met Audrey Mestre, a beautiful French marine biology student who had sought him out in Cabo San Lucas for her research. A passionate romance immediately bloomed between the two, and their love was bonded by a shared fascination with and devotion to the ocean. When the couple moved back to Miami, Audrey took up the sport herself and quickly proceeded to break the female world record (115 meters). They soon became free diving's power couple, testing the limits of their wills and bodies by descending to unthinkable depths, training and touring together, encouraging and motivating each other. Then, on October 12, 2002, in a dive off the coast of the Dominican Republic, tragedy struck: Audrey's attempt to break the world record with a dive of 170 meters ended in her death. Suddenly, Pipín -- haunted by questions, reeling from the loss of his soul mate -- could no longer find solace in the sea that had always been his true home. Now, for the first time, Pipín tells his story. He shares the heart-pounding adventure and fierce competition that fuel the sport of free diving and his own addiction to it. He addresses the controversy that has followed him throughout his career and that spun out of control after Audrey's death. And he relates the haunting story of his relationship with Audrey -- a unique and complicated tale of love and obsession taken to extreme depths.
 id : 239496 ISBN : 0786816155  | name : Summerland  |  description : A BookSense 76 pick, and best-seller from coast to coast-Summerland is part fantasy, part adventure, part baseball, but most of all it's the story of a young boy, Ethan Feld-a lousy, but lovable little-leaguer who finds himself playing in the most important baseball game ever. Not only the game, but the fate of the world rests on his shoulders.
 id : 239498 ISBN : 0310249171  | name : Ghosts  |  description : The strangest things happen when friends are reunited after twenty years apart—a major new novel by the best-selling author of the Sacred Diary series.
 id : 239499 ISBN : 0879239212  | name : The Open Door  |  description : Published in conjunction with the Center for the Book at the Library of Congress to celebrate the Year of the Young Reader. Excerpts of one to three pages from the work of 29 writers, either autobiographical or nearly so. Includes photographs and brief biographical notes. No index. Annotation copyrighted by Book News, Inc., Portland, OR
 id : 239501 ISBN : 0399138803  | name : The Edge of Sleep  |  description : John Becker teams up with a former protege and lover, FBI agent Karen Crist, to find the serial killer--or killers--responsible for the deaths of little boys, and finds himself in a race against time to save the life of Crist's own young son
 id : 239502 ISBN : 0380627035  | name : Parnassus on Wheels  |  description : Helen McGill, the thirty-eight-year-old sister of an eminent novelist, and zany Roger Mifflin, the owner of a travelling bookstore, embark on a series of adventures through New England in 1915
 id : 239503 ISBN : 039471752X  | name : Last Tales  |  description : Last Tales is a collection of twelve of the last tales that Isak Dinesen wrote before her death in 1962. They include seven tales from Albondocani, a projected novel that was never completed; "The Caryatids," an unfinished Gothic tale of a couple bedeviled by an old letter and a gypsy's spell; and three tales of winter, including "Converse at Night in Copenhagen," a drunken, all-night conversation between a boy-king, a prostitute, and a poor young poet. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 239504 ISBN : 0066210771  | name : Thirteen Senses  |  description : A daring memoir of love, magic, adventure, and miracles, Victor Villaseñor's Thirteen Senses continues the exhilarating family saga that began in the widely acclaimed bestseller Rain of Gold, delivering a stunning story of passion, family, and the forgotten mystical senses that stir within us all. Thirteen Senses begins with the fiftieth wedding anniversary of the aging former bootlegger Salvador and his elegant wife, Lupe. When asked by a young priest to repeat the sacred ceremonial phrase "to honor and obey," Lupe surprises herself and says. "No, I will not say 'obey'. How dare you! You don't talk to me like this after fifty years of marriage and I now knowing what I know!" After the hilarious shock of Lupe's rejection of the ceremony, the Villaseñor family is forced to examine the love that Lupe and Salvador have shared for so many years -- a universal, gut-honest love that will eventually energize and inspire the couple into old age.
 id : 239507 ISBN : 0395924944  | name : The Good Nazi  |  description : Biography of Nazi leader Albert Speer who served Hitler as a minister of wartime production, looking at Speer's knowledge of Holocaust activities, discussing his personal role in the exploitation of slave labor, and questioning his denial of war crimes.
 id : 239509 ISBN : 0813315158  | name : Ain't No Makin' It  |  description : “I ain't goin' to college. Who wants to go to college? I'd just end up gettin' a shitty job anyway.” So said Freddie Piniella, an eleven-year-old boy from Clarendon Heights low-income housing project, to Jay MacLeod, his counselor in a youth program. MacLeod was struck by the seeming self-defeatism of Freddie and his friends. How is it that in America, a nation of dreams and opportunities, a boy of eleven can feel trapped in a position of inherited poverty?The author immersed himself in the teenage underworld of Clarendon Heights. The Hallway Hangers, one of the neighborhood cliques, appear as cynical self-destructive hoodlums. The other group, the Brothers, take the American Dream to heart and aspire to middle-class respectability. The twist is that the Hallway Hangers are mostly white; the Brothers are almost all black. Comparing the two groups, MacLeod provides a provocative account of how poverty is perpetuated from one generation to the next.Part One tells the story of the boys' teenage aspirations. Part Two follows the Hallway Hangers and the Brothers into adulthood. Eight years later the author returns to Clarendon Heights to find the members of both gangs struggling in the labor market or on the streets. Caught in the web of urban industrial decline, the Hallway Hangers—undereducated, unemployed, or imprisoned—have turned to the underground economy. But “cocaine capitalism” only fuels their desperation, and the Hallway Hangers seek solace in sexism and racism. The ambitious Brothers have fared little better. Their teenage dreams in tatters, the Brothers demonstrate that racism takes its toll on optimistic aspirations.This edition retains the vivid accounts of friendships, families, school, and work that made the first edition so popular. The ethnography resonates with feeling and vivid dialogue. But the book also addresses one of the most important issues in modern social theory and policy: how social inequality is reproduced from one generation to the next. MacLeod links individual lives with social theory to forge a powerful argument about how inequality is created, sustained, and accepted in the United States.
 id : 239511 ISBN : 1561382779  | name : Edgar Allan Poe Reader  |  description : Includes short stories, poems, and other works by one of the great American writers.
 id : 239512 ISBN : 0689827962  | name : Raspberries on the Yangtze  |  description : "Can a book be funny, perceptive moving and utterly absorbing at one and the same time? This one can. Brilliant. A 'Swallows and Amazons' for the 21st century." Michael Morpurgo
 id : 239513 ISBN : 0486411435  | name : Twelve Years a Slave  |  description : Now a major motion picture! Kidnapped into slavery in 1841, Northup spent 12 years in captivity. This autobiographical memoir represents an exceptionally detailed and accurate description of slave life and plantation society. 7 illustrations. Index.
 id : 239514 ISBN : 0671556738  | name : Malibu Summer  |  description : Captures the scandalous wheeling and dealing and the voracious pursuit of fame, money, love, and sex of this exclusive, seductive playground of the high-living rich and famous
 id : 239515 ISBN : 0764586017  | name : CliffsNotes on Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby  |  description : The original CliffsNotes study guides offer a look into key elements and ideas within classic works of literature. The latest generation of titles in this series also features glossaries and visual elements that complement the familiar format. CliffsNotes on The Great Gatsby explores F. Scott Fitzgerald's novel of triumph, tragedy, and a classic love triangle in the 1920s. Following the story of a young Midwesterner who's fascinated by the mysterious past and opulent lifestyle of his landlord, this study guide provides summaries and critical commentaries for each chapter within the novel. Other features that help you figure out this important work include Personal background on the author Introduction to and synopsis of the book In-depth character analyses Critical essays on topics of interest Review section that features interactive questions and suggested essay topics and practice projects Resource Center with books, videos, and Web sites that can help round out your knowledge Classic literature or modern-day treasure — you'll understand it all with expert information and insight from CliffsNotes study guides.
 id : 239517 ISBN : 1410794075  | name : The Trials of Trails  |  description : The book Culture Bullies exposes absolute hate and hypocrisy parading as conservative Christian values in America. It also shows that conservative values are diametrically opposed to Judeo-Christian values.
 id : 239521 ISBN : 0425183467  | name : Robbers  |  description : Two Texan ex-cons, Ray Bob and Eddie, have just killed a convenience store clerk over a penny. Now, with a pack of cigarettes, a stolen Caddy, and no plan, the two must think fast--and move faster, in this novel with a lyric voice that sings itself raw.--New York Times Book Review.
 id : 239522 ISBN : 0670805548  | name : Becoming a Doctor  |  description : Melvin Konner-well-known scholar, tenured professor, respected writer, husband, and father-entered medical school at the age of thirty-three. Becoming a Doctor is his account of the third year of medical school, when students first apply the results of their endless book-learning and test-taking to actual patients in life-and-death situations. While taking the reader on his "rounds," Konner portrays candidly and eloquently that hectic, life-changing year. He points out the problems of a system that often teaches medical students to distance themselves from their patients, to focus on technology rather than humanity. As an anthropologist, Konner gives us new insights into the habits, rituals, and customs that shape the strengths and weaknesses of the medical profession today. Book jacket.
 id : 239524 ISBN : 0752801678  | name : The Riddle of the Titanic  |  description : Ten years after the first exploration of the Titanic wreck two and a half miles under the north Atlantic, and eighty-four years after she sank, Robin Gardiner and Dan van der Vat reappraised the legendary maritime disaster.Why was the man at the helm when the Titanic hit the iceberg packed off to South Africa?Why did her reluctant Chief Officer 'still' feel uneasy about a ship on which he had never sailed before?Why did one of her stewards 'wish the bally ship at the bottom of the sea'?It was not only the sea that covered up the Titanic . . .
 id : 239526 ISBN : 0373704852  | name : Defy the Night  |  description : Defy The Night by Lynn Leslie released on Nov 22, 1991 is available now for purchase.
 id : 239527 ISBN : 0373255497  | name : Second Sight  |  description : Second Sight by Lynn Michaels released on May 25, 1993 is available now for purchase.
 id : 239528 ISBN : 0312868995  | name : Clinical Trial  |  description : In order to combat a deadly hantavirus that has already killed hundreds of Native Americans, Dr. Isabel McLain must reluctantly agree to test a dubious new vaccine on a community of Blackfeet Indians on a reservation in Browning, Montana. 25,000 first printing.
 id : 239531 ISBN : 1567188036  | name : Feng Shui for Beginners  |  description : Describes the principles of the Chinese art of designing buildings, and the places within them, in harmony with the forces of the earth, and demonstrates ways to arrange the home and office for good fortune.
 id : 239532 ISBN : 1575001063  | name : Nerds 2.0.1  |  description : Chronicles the history of computer networking and discusses how it was developed, how the Internet was created, how it changed through the last half of the twentieth century, and other related topics.
 id : 239533 ISBN : 069401270X  | name : The Best Mouse Cookie Board Book  |  description : Join the mouse from If You Give a Mouse a Cookie as he bakes his own cookies in his little mouse house.
 id : 239535 ISBN : 0899199798  | name : Their Ancient Glittering Eyes  |  description : A poet recalls his personal encounters with some famous literary figures
 id : 239540 ISBN : 0385149115  | name : Flyaway  |  description : A detective searching for a missing man who, inturn, is searching for his father survives a deadly chase across the sands of the Sahara, overcoming sandstorms, angry Arabs, and repeated attempts on his life
 id : 239541 ISBN : 0316199931  | name : Burgundy Stars  |  description : Tells the story of how Chef Loiseau earned a three-star Michelin guide rating for his restaurant, and describes the impact of the honor
 id : 239543 ISBN : 0881768383  | name : Zoo Babies  |  description : Elizabeth and Tim see several baby animals at the zoo.
 id : 239544 ISBN : 0385424272  | name : The Doodle Dictionary  |  description : Published for the first time ever, the secrets of interpreting the common doodle--what those "meaningless" and mindless scribblings really reveal. Two noted art therapists reveal the personality characteristics and unconscious feelings lurking in hundreds of common and uncommon doodles. 400 line drawings.
 id : 239547 ISBN : 0380752085  | name : A Boy I Never Knew  |  description : When her date is murdered, Libby is asked by Detective Clark to help him find the killer, but after promising to report any suspicious incidents, she meets Matt an attractive, secretive boy who may hold the key to the crime
 id : 239548 ISBN : 0380754010  | name : Risking it  |  description : Jeannie is attracted to Trent Justin who has joined her senior class.
 id : 239549 ISBN : 0345466195  | name : The Photograph  |  description : As a nation of young soldiers marches off to war, two women left behind will embrace a final keepsake, a profound reminder of the moment before their lives changed forever-its bittersweet images telling the story of an innocence lost, of a love just beginning, and of a family that may never be whole again.
 id : 239550 ISBN : 0670033626  | name : The Photograph  |  description : Finding a mysterious photograph of his late wife, Kath, holding hands with another man, Glyn begins a search that proves shocking to Kath's family and friends.
 id : 239551 ISBN : 0749533390  | name : Snowdonia and North Wales  |  description : Explore the beauty of the Lake District with this walking guide. It offers over 50 walks around the country, including Kendal's Castle, Yew Tree Tarn and Rydal Water while providing places to visit along the way, or extensions to make them easier or more challenging.
 id : 239552 ISBN : 1559702435  | name : Dina's Book  |  description : A sweeping epic of a flamboyant, unpredictable, and generous woman traces Dina's tumultuous life from the early death of her mother, to her marriage at sixteen to a middle-aged man, to her encounter with a mysterious Russian. 15,000 first printing. $15,000 ad/promo.
 id : 239555 ISBN : 0425074471  | name : The River  |  description : Tom Garvey, a proud, God-fearing young American farmer and his determined, fearless wife build a life for themselves in spite of the unrelenting harshness of nature and the greed and folly of men
 id : 239556 ISBN : 1569245703  | name : The Secret of Happy Children  |  description : A guide to parent-child communication from babyhood through the teenage years explains what occurs from a child's perspective and what to do about it, covering such topics as tantrums, shyness, and the link between food and behavior.
 id : 239557 ISBN : 0027185605  | name : Sebastian (super Sleuth) and the Egyptian Connection  |  description : Dog detective Sebastian helps his master find a shipment of stolen Egyptian artifacts that is being smuggled into the country.
 id : 239558 ISBN : 0878336338  | name : The Man who Stole First Base  |  description : Gathers unusual and little known facts about baseball history, nicknames, umpires, managers, players, and player trades
 id : 239559 ISBN : 0861889908  | name : The Complete Time Management System  |  description : Some people make good use of every second of the day, whilst others - although possibly ambitious, intelligent and hardworking - do not know how to manage their time well. Aiming to increase the reader's enjoyment of life and chances of success, this book deals with techniques for mastering time.
 id : 239561 ISBN : 0749433302  | name : Succeed for Yourself  |  description : How do you define success? For one person it may be making that first million, for another it could be simply the security of a loving relationship. Whatever success means to you, Richard Denny shows you here how to achieve your ultimate desire and become a success in your own terms. In this second edition of the best-selling ""Succeed for Yourself,"" he draws on his vast experience. He also shares with you the guiding principles that have enabled him to achieve success, wealth and happiness in his own life. Packed with common-sense advice and inspiring ideas, Succeed for Yourself takes you on a journey of self-discovery by showing you how to: * Believe in yourself; * Set goals and achieve them; * Overcome setbacks and rejection; * Become highly motivated; * Find happiness at home and at work. Richard Denny truly believes that everybody has the potential within them for achieving success, wealth and happiness. The power of his message resonates with people from all walks of life, and now is your chance to put his ideas into practice.
 id : 239562 ISBN : 0689108060  | name : I, Judas  |  description : Historical: Biographical novel of Judas Iscariot.
 id : 239566 ISBN : 0875969631  | name : The Thimbleberries Book of Quilts  |  description : Quilters love Lynette Jensen's designs for their strong sense of color and their folk art appeal. This book includes clear, step-by-step directions that allow even beginning crafters to learn how to make gorgeous quilted projects. Full-color layouts & how-to diagrams.
 id : 239567 ISBN : 0345441516  | name : Last Breath  |  description : In the wake of the growing interest in some of the world's most dangerous places, the author takes a close-up look at the physiological, psychological, and emotional stages that the human body and mind endures at the brink of death.
 id : 239569 ISBN : 044021968X  | name : Another Way to Dance  |  description : Fourteen-year-old 03Vicki Harris's dream has come true. She has been accepted into the summer program at New York City's prestigious School of American Ballet. It will be hard work and highly competitive. But Vicki feels ready. She is totally committed to dancing. Vicki isn't prepared to be one of only two African American students in the program. Nor is she expecting the racism she finds within the school. And Michael, from Harlem, takes Vicki completely by surprise. He shakes up her dream world -- where Baryshnikov is her idol, her parents never really got divorced, and every pirouette is perfect -- and shows her that the real world is bigger than a stage.
 id : 239570 ISBN : 0441385532  | name : Jhereg  |  description : Quick with both sword and wit, Vlad Taltos makes his way through the world of Dragaera as an assassin, aided by a small talent for magic and a lizard-like jhereg companion.
 id : 239571 ISBN : 0345428935  | name : Heart and Soul  |  description : Jack the B.
 id : 239572 ISBN : 0395849705  | name : Global Politics in a Changing World  |  description : This text is ideal for instructors who want to supplement an international relations course with outside readings. A combination of scholarly essays and journalistic pieces describe the effects of global issues on people of different cultures around the world. Selected for their focus on current events, the readings provide a comprehensive picture of the post-Cold War era, its issues and key players, including the civil war in Sierra Leone, and North Korea's nuclear program.
 id : 239574 ISBN : 1857038312  | name : CVs for Graduates  |  description : A guide to writing CVs for graduates. CONTENTS: Your skills and qualities inventory - personal profiles - career profiles and achievements - recording your educational history - presentation and style - on the electronic transmission of your CV - a word about referees and references - writing your covering letter - preparing for the interview About the author Gerald Higginbottom is the former deputy head of a large college of Further Education. He now advises on the preparation of applications for higher education.
 id : 239576 ISBN : 3596137357  | name : Mord am Küchentisch  |  description : Gelangweilt von ihrem ostwestfälischen Hausfrauenalltag und genervt über einen Langweiler von Ehemann beschliesst Gabi, einen Krimi zu schreiben. Weil sie ihre eigenen Sehnsüchte in die Handlung hineinprojiziert, gerät ihr der Roman um ihre Heldin Nora allerdings immer wieder zur Liebesgeschichte. Dabei birgt ihr Eheleben durchaus Geheimnisse, die sich für eine Kriminalstory eignen würden.
 id : 239578 ISBN : 2070411761  | name : L'identité  |  description : Car tel est bien l'amour de Jean-Marc et Chantal : un espace aménagé en marge du monde, à l'écart de la vie, contre la vie, en fait, et donc " une hérésie, une transgression des lois non écrites de la communauté humaine ". François Ricard
 id : 239579 ISBN : 0374461554  | name : Quest for a Maid  |  description : Meg Wright is nine when she hides under a table and hears her sister Inge kill the King of Scotland by witchcraft, setting in motion a treacherous power struggle.
 id : 239580 ISBN : 0007102763  | name : Understanding Dreams  |  description : Understanding our dreams can bring us great insight, helping us to find solutions to life's problems and worries.
 id : 239581 ISBN : 0826461050  | name : Write for Life  |  description : Drawing upon her own experience as a successful writer, Nicki Jackowska casts a critical eye over the limitations that we impose on ourselves through language.
 id : 239583 ISBN : 0521539099  | name : Jung and the Making of Modern Psychology  |  description : Occultist, Scientist, Prophet, Charlatan - C. G. Jung has been called all these things and after decades of myth making, is one of the most misunderstood figures in Western intellectual history. This book is the first comprehensive study of the origins of his psychology, as well as providing a new account of the rise of modern psychology and psychotherapy. Based on a wealth of hitherto unknown archival materials it reconstructs the reception of Jung's work in the human sciences, and its impact on the social and intellectual history of the twentieth century. The book creates a basis for all future discussion of Jung, and opens new vistas on psychology today.
 id : 239585 ISBN : 0738504777  | name : Manchester  |  description : This fascinating and moving book brings to life the industrial and immigrant experience which gave birth to Manchester in the nineteenth century and continued to shape the city's destiny well into the twentieth century. More than a hundred years ago, thousands of immigrants from Europe and Canada were drawn to the mills of Manchester by the promise of a better life. In stirring photographs and text, Manchester: The Mill and the Immigrant Experience examines the aspirations, the struggles, and the everyday adventures of Manchester's immigrant families. Reaffirming the power of photography to move and inform us, Manchester: The Mills and the Immigrant Experience creates a vivid picture of life during nearly a century of rapid industrial change. We join the bustle of Elm and Hanover Streets in the 1880s, witness children working at the mighty Amoskeag Manufacturing Company, enter a Greek coffeehouse in the early 1900s, get caught up in the bitter labor strikes of the 1920s, and meet unusual local figures such as the Hermit of Mosquito Pond.
 id : 239586 ISBN : 0809134349  | name : Catechism of the Catholic Church  |  description : Presents the teachings that all Catholics throughout the world believe. It is a positive, objective, and declarative exposition of official Catholic doctrine; the first "universal" catechism in 400 years.
 id : 239587 ISBN : 156884378X  | name : Personal Finance for Dummies for Canadians  |  description : Personal Finance For Dummies, by financial counselor and consumer advocate Eric Tyson, is your guide to money management success! This solid reference cuts through the jargon and provides you with sound advice, expert tips, and recommendations for how to quickly get your financial picture in order. Inside you'll discover how to: Assess your current financial situation Get out of debt - and stay out! Decrease your spending and create a budget you can live with Pinpoint your investment priorities Plan ahead for your retirement and slash your taxes Understand stocks, real estate, and other wealth-building investments Make wise financial decisions when faced with major life changes - like downsizing or retirement Improve your insurance coverage and reduce its cost Determine whether you need to hire financial help and how to find it Use your computer to manage your finances
 id : 239588 ISBN : 0890098735  | name : Tales of the New England Coast  |  description : Come along on a fascinating journey back to Turn of the Century New England; to Martha’s Vineyard, Cape Cod, Old York, the Great Shell Mounds of Damariscotta, Newport, Old Saybrook, Cuttyhunk and dozens of other areas. Reproduced with illustrations from the actual turn-of-the-century New England magazines in which they first appeared, these articles by the well-known authors of that era bring the magic of the New England Coast to life as no modern-day author can achieve. Sail on into “living” history with Tales of the New England Coast.
 id : 239589 ISBN : 0786918993  | name : The Search for Magic  |  description : Collects eleven stories set during the War of Souls about forbidding places and dangerous creatures, including dragons, Qualinesti rebels, gnomes, and ghosts.
 id : 239590 ISBN : 2700721659  | name : Françoise Dolto  |  description : Essai biographique dans lequel l'auteur fait ressortir le cheminement de Françoise Dolto dans sa carrière de psychanalyste et dans ses prises de positions sur des aspects théoriques et cliniques de la psychanalyse.
 id : 239591 ISBN : 0671668838  | name : Jacoby on Card Games  |  description : Here is the modern classic for every cardplayer, no matter what the game. Authoritative and up-to-date, written by the world's foremost experts on card games, Jacoby on Card Games is the only book needed to settle a dispute, learn a new game, or improve skills.
 id : 239592 ISBN : 0446520055  | name : Dr. Neruda's Cure for Evil  |  description : A psychiatrist haunted by his violent childhood attempts a form of treatment for his patients--a sadistic tycoon and his icy daughter--that may prove worse than the evil it seeks to cure. By the author of Fearless.
 id : 239593 ISBN : 2130467784  | name : Histoire du journalisme et des journalistes en France  |  description : Synthèse historique sur le journalisme français à travers ses étapes de développement : de ses origines au 16e siècle à 1914; l'affirmation de son statut professionnel, de 1914 à la fin des années 1940; l'explosion des médias, des années 1950 à nos jours.
 id : 239594 ISBN : 0875967418  | name : Quick Country Quilting  |  description : Outlines methods for quick cutting, piecing, and applique, and includes directions for such projects as wall quilts, holiday decorations, pillows, baby accessories, and sweatshirts
 id : 239595 ISBN : 0875967612  | name : Fast and Fun Machine Quilting  |  description : Fast and Fun Machine Quilting edited by Karen Costello Soltys will let the machine-quilting experts show you how to create-- and finish-- your most beautiful quilts ever! More than 250 color photographs and directions make machine quilting fast and easy, no matter what your skill level. Here is just a taste of what you'll learn: * How to banish machine tension troubles forever * Painless ways to handle big, bulky quilts * Ways to use decorative threads for creative effects * Innovative marking methods with no mess, no hassle * The easiest way to baste your quilt without breaking your back * Beautiful trapunto, corded trapunto, and other specialty techniques * Dozens of tips to improve your machine-quilting stitches Plus more! Packed with tips, time-saving tricks, and trouble-shooting ideas!
 id : 239596 ISBN : 0486232433  | name : The United States Patchwork Pattern Book  |  description : 50 quilt blocks for the 50 states from "Hearth & Home" Magazine.
 id : 239597 ISBN : 2253045764  | name : Un amour de Swann  |  description : " Swann, lui, ne chercher pas à trouver jolies les femmes avec qui il passait son temps, mais à passer son temps avec les femmes qu'il avait d'abord trouvées jolies... " " Quand un jour au théâtre il fut présenté à Odette de Crécy par un de ses amis d'autrefois, qui lui avait parlé d'elle comme d'une femme ravissante avec qui il pourrait peut-être arriver à quelque chose... elle était apparue à Swann non pas certes sans beauté, mais d'un genre de beauté qui lui était indifférent, qui ne lui inspirait aucun désir, lui causait même une sorte de répulsion physique, de ces femmes comme tout le monde a les siennes, différentes pour chacun, et qui sont l'opposé du type que nos sens réclament. " Un amour de M. Swann forme à lui seul un roman de la passion et de la jalousie d'une prodigieuse analyse, douloureuse et humaine, où l'amour démasque l'acteur et montre l'homme, l'amant, dans sa vérité et ses faiblesses. Oserai-je la comparer, cette étude, à l'immortel Adolphe ? J.-E. Blanche, l'Echo de Paris, 15 avril 1914.
 id : 239598 ISBN : 1571201009  | name : A Thimbleberries Housewarming  |  description : Clearly written instructions and helpful photos make the 22 quilting projects contained in this book accessible to needlecrafters of all skill levels. All projects feature the Thimbleberries( fabric line.
 id : 239599 ISBN : 0875967752  | name : Debbie Mumm's Quick Country Quilts for Every Room  |  description : Create a designer look in your home with all-new quilts and accessories from Debbie Mumm, America's most popular quilt designer. Mumm is at it again, this time with a fun and unique book that features quilting projects for every room in the house.
 id : 239601 ISBN : 1577193555  | name : Living with Quilts  |  description : Opening with a history of quiltmaking in America, this stunningly photographed book celebrates the versatility and beauty of 50 outstanding American quilts. Former Miss America Phyllis George convincingly demonstrates how any living space can benefit from the addition of a beautiful quilt. 150 photos.
 id : 239602 ISBN : 2266083244  | name : Le Cid  |  description : " Je suis jeune, il est vrai ; mais aux âmes bien nées La valeur n'attend point le nombre des années. "
 id : 239603 ISBN : 0679404910  | name : Passage  |  description : The definitive retrospective of America's preeminent photographer. This book reveals for the first time Penn's own view of his extraordinary and diverse career. Accompanied by his fascinating and insightful commentaries and examples of his portraits, still lifes, and fashion drawings. Printed in 11 colors with 468 black-and-white and color plates.
 id : 239604 ISBN : 2266083023  | name : La princesse de Clèves  |  description : " Il n'y a point d'obstacle, Madame, reprit M. de Nemours. Vous seule vous opposez à mon bonheur ; bous seule vous imposez une loi que la vertu et la raison ne vous sauraient imposer ".
 id : 239605 ISBN : 0307131076  | name : Big Bird's Square Meal  |  description : Shapes and colors are the focus of these stories featuring the Muppets of Sesame Street
 id : 239606 ISBN : 0590337025  | name : Felix the Cat and His Magic Bag  |  description : Felix forgets his problems at school when his magic bag turns into a magic carpet which carries Felix and his friend, Kitty, home.
 id : 239609 ISBN : 0448403862  | name : Mike and the Magic Cookies  |  description : Mike's trip to the store for animal cookies results in magical changes in each member of his family.
 id : 239611 ISBN : 2842050959  | name : L'art d'être grand-père  |  description : L'Art d'être grand-père est une œuvre de maturité. Le poète presque octogénaire célèbre la douceur de l'enfance et la complicité qui peut se nouer entre générations. On retrouve aussi cette compréhension de l'âme enfantine telle qu'elle apparaissait dans Les misérables. Hommage rendu à la pureté de l'enfance, L'Art d'être grand-père est aussi le chant du cygne d'un vieux lutteur qui n'a rien oublié de sa jeunesse.
 id : 239612 ISBN : 0312058519  | name : Death of a Snob  |  description : When an astrologer predicts that she will soon die, a health farm owner calls sedate Constable Hamish Macbeth for protection to her desolate Scottish isle, where the prediction proves not quite accurate
 id : 239613 ISBN : 0789441233  | name : Natural Cat Care  |  description : Bestselling veterinarian Dr. Fogle discusses preventative measures, complementary medicine, and natural remedies for specific diseases. Full color.
 id : 239614 ISBN : 0312087616  | name : Death of a Glutton  |  description : The arrival of a gluttonous woman at the Tommel Castle Hotel in the Scottish Highlands has the hotel's staff and guests thoroughly disgusted, especially when the woman is later found murderd.
 id : 239616 ISBN : 1564588866  | name : Cats  |  description : Describes the characteristics and behavior of cats, shows a variety of both domestic and wild breeds, and includes information on caring for a cat as a pet
 id : 239617 ISBN : 0394951328  | name : The Berenstain Bears Get in a Fight  |  description : "The usually compatible Brother and Sister Bear are fighting--all day long! Mama Bear helps them realize that everyone argues once in a while, even with loved ones."--The Reading Teacher.
 id : 239619 ISBN : 0394973313  | name : The Berenstain Bears, No Girls Allowed  |  description : Annoyed that Sister Bear always beats them at baseball and other "boy" type activities, her brother and the other male cubs try to exclude her from their new club.
 id : 239620 ISBN : 0688108814  | name : The Book of Fairies  |  description : A collection of stories and poems about fairies, including excerpts from James Barrie's "Peter Pan in Kensington Gardens", Hans Christian Andersen's "Thumbelina", and Christina Rossetti's "Goblin Market". Full-color and B&W illustrations.
 id : 239622 ISBN : 0352336307  | name : Opening Acts  |  description : Black Lace erotic fiction is an international success. This highly acclaimed series of erotica written by women, for women has sold over 3 million books worldwide and remains unrivalled. Unique, arousing, and unashamedly decadent, Black Lace is no-holds-barred fiction for grown-up women who love reading about sex. With stories and settings to suit all tastes, the series reflects the diversity of the female sexual imagination. Always in the spotlight, Black Lace erotica is the undisputed market leader in women's sexy fiction. When London actress Holly Parker arrives in a remote Cornish village to begin rehearsing a new play, everyone -- from her landlord to her theatre director -- seems to have an earthier attitude towards sex. Brought to a state of constant sexual arousal and confusion, Holly seeks guidance in the form of local therapist, Joshua Delaney. He is the one man who can't touch her -- but he is the only one she truly desires. Will she be able to use her new-found sense of adventure to seduce him?
 id : 239624 ISBN : 0881010189  | name : The Wizard of Oz  |  description : After a cyclone transports her to the land of Oz, Dorothy must seek out the great wizard in order to return to Kansas.
 id : 239626 ISBN : 1564771989  | name : Your First Quilt Book (or it Should Be!)  |  description : Learn about the tools, supplies, and techniques you need to create simple patchwork quilts. Eight small projects are provided to help you practice your new hand-or machine-stitching skills.
 id : 239627 ISBN : 0866228381  | name : Cats  |  description : Provides advice on selecting, caring, breeding, and showing of cats.
 id : 239629 ISBN : 055356661X  | name : My First Love  |  description : After Amy is swept off her feet by a senior from the swim team, her grades begin to fall.
 id : 239633 ISBN : 0674762258  | name : Reported Sightings  |  description : America's great poet and art critic, John Ashbery, presents some of his most provocative essays on art. Ashbery has long been one of America's most important art critics--first for the Paris Herald Tribune and later for New York and Newsweek. Illustrated.
 id : 239635 ISBN : 1887123482  | name : I Remember  |  description : Artwork by Joe Brainard. Edited by Ron Padgett.
 id : 239636 ISBN : 0393029638  | name : CEO  |  description : The author recounts how she founded ASK Computer Systems and developed it into a two hundred million dollar company
 id : 239638 ISBN : 0810905515  | name : A Fairy's Child  |  description : Stunning and dreamlike duotone photographs by Ann Dahlgren and Douglas Foulke are paired with fairy poetry by such writers as Robert Graves, William Shakespeare, and Robert Louis Stevenson to make this the ideal book for anyone who has ever been touched or intrigued by fairies.
 id : 239639 ISBN : 0811806197  | name : Fathers and Daughters  |  description : By turns adoring, alienating, challenging, and cherished, the bond between a father and daughter is always a compex and compelling one, and acclaimed photographer Mariana Cook explores this eternal relationship as never before. In the best-selling tradition of Gifts of Age, Fathers and Daughters offers a remarkable collection of photographic portraits of 60 fathers and their daughters, both famous and obscure. Cook's exquisite images are accompanied by deeply moving texts writen by her subjects themselves--sometimes plain-spoken, sometimes poetic, but always directly from the heart. With an introduction by William Styron and an afterword by the photographer, Fathers and Daughters is much more than a glimpse into the lives of a few individuals; it is a loving tribute and an inspiratonal documentary--as well as the quintessential Father's Day gift--for fathers and daughters everywhere.
 id : 239640 ISBN : 1892041308  | name : Sante D'Orazio  |  description : In a follow-up to his successful "A Private View", one of today's hottest fashion and portrait photographers presents his most thrilling images of supermodels in a large-format book printed on fine Italian paper. 25 color, 150 duotone photos.
 id : 239641 ISBN : 1555466877  | name : The Abenaki  |  description : Describes the history, culture, and traditions of the Abenaki Indians, one of the tribes living and surviving in northern New England.
 id : 239643 ISBN : 8432204692  | name : Bomanzo/ Manuel Mújica Lainez  |  description : Orsini, un visionario del Renacimiento. El jorobado duque Pier Francesco Orsini creó seres fantásticos con cautivadoras deformaciones que instaló cerca de su castillo, en el Bosque de los Monstruos. La vida y aventuras del atroz y angelical duque de Orsini, constituyen el memorable mural en el que Manuel Mujica Lainez despliega una visión cínica y objetiva de los manejos de la política y del poder, y de la psicología de quienes lo ejercen. Bomarzo inspiró una ópera, hoy legendaria, compuesta por Alberto Ginastera.
 id : 239644 ISBN : 0684832062  | name : Strange Stains and Mysterious Smells  |  description : Presents a journal of fairy research by Quentin Cottington that attempts to analyze the protoplasmic nature of fairy stains.
 id : 239645 ISBN : 0671639404  | name : The Simon and Schuster Complete Guide to Home Repair and Maintenance  |  description : Demonstrates the proper way to use hand and power tools, shows how to repair windows, doors, floors, roofs, and exterior walls, and discusses furniture refinishing, home security, and energy conservation
 id : 239646 ISBN : 0895771322  | name : Reader's Digest Home Improvements Manual  |  description : This is one of the Reader's Digest practical do-it-yourself guides. It was conceived to complement our Complete Do-it-yourself Manual. Millions of people have used that book to accomplish, at minimum cost, many home-improvement jobs and repairs that would otherwise have required the services of professionals. This book is our answer. It is a total book of the house.
 id : 239647 ISBN : 1580084575  | name : Odd Jobs  |  description : Who blows the bugle at the Kentucky Derby? Who dusts the dinosaur bones at the Smithsonian? Who sniffs dog breath for a living? Who measures the breasts of real models? ODD JOBS introduces you to the real people who perform these truly peculiar jobs. In 65 intimate portraits, photo essayist Nancy Rica Schiff captures the personalities and occupations of these oddball professionals, providing a short profile of each. A 20-year photography veteran, Schiff has spent the better half of that time discovering the behind-the-scenes people who do what others can't (or won't) do. No one can say that America isn't the home of the free, the brave, and the quirky, who will do almost anything to make an honest buck.• Profiles 65 of the most unique jobs in America.• Jobs include duck walker, coin polisher, doll doctor, and artificial inseminator.
 id : 239648 ISBN : 0810932946  | name : Lady Cottington's Fairy Album  |  description : In a parody of the Victorian preoccupation with fairies, presents a supposed reproduction of Euphemia Cottington's photograph album, dating from the 1880's, featuring her photographs of fairies and her sister's pressed fairies.
 id : 239649 ISBN : 0811834948  | name : Closer  |  description : Closer: Photographs by Elinor Carucci is the first monograph by this recipient of the prestigious International Center for Photographys 2001 Infinity Award for Best Young Photographer. Carucci is renowned for sensuous portraits of her family and herself, and Closer reveals the breadth of her work, from the erotic to the ethereal-exposing an emotionally honest world flooded with color. Fragments of her life are revealed through 90 full-color family portraits, self-portraits, and artful abstractions, making Closer a daring portrayal of this up-and-coming artists intimate emotional geography.
 id : 239650 ISBN : 0836225880  | name : Psi Factor  |  description : A companion book based on this fall's sure-hit TV series, PSI Factor, this book chronicles the show's dramatic reenactments and investigations of scientific experiments, strange creatures, mind control, time loops, mirror dimensions, human teleportation, ghosts, UFOs, reincarnation, demonic possession, and more.
 id : 239652 ISBN : 0821409794  | name : The Fields  |  description : The Wheelers determine to meet the challenges of taming the Ohio wilderness.
 id : 239653 ISBN : 1853262757  | name : Mr. Sponge's Sporting Tour  |  description : Excerpt: ...doubting whether any man could be guilty of such extravagance; 'composites, p'raps.' It being decided that Jack should answer Mr. Puffington's invitation as well and saucily as he could, and a sheet of very inferior paper being at length discovered in the sideboard drawer, our friends forthwith proceeded to concoct it. Jack having at length got all square, and the black-ink lines introduced below, dipped his pen in the little stone ink-bottle, and, squinting up at his lordship, said: 'How shall I begin?' 'Begin?' replied he. 'Begin
 id : 239654 ISBN : 0451458079  | name : Path of Glory  |  description : When the Nova Cat Clan is forced to ally with the Inner Sphere, it forces two MechWarriors from different worlds into a precarious friendship. For Zane and Yoshio, the line between ally and enemy will be drawn in the blood of their fallen comrades.
 id : 239656 ISBN : 0595100635  | name : One Deadly Rhyme  |  description : One a penny, two a penny, hot cross buns. If you have no daughters, give them to your sons. In this, the first of The Number Mysteries, Doug Hammand is found filleted in the frozen flounder section of McCutty's Market with a coded message pinned to his one good suit and a cowberry necklace wound tightly about his throat. The deranged, love-sick killer challenges syndicated numerologist Samantha Blackwell to a duel of the minds before he fillets again. Bonus: Your personal cycle in the Addendum to One Deadly Rhyme. One Deadly Rhyme is an "...engaging first novel...Bunker mixes the puzzles and suspense with a healthy dose of humor." -Lynn Harnett, Book Reviewer, Sunday Herald "A Real Page-Turner. Sue Grafton move over! I loved this book. Sam is a believable character, with a passion for numerology, writing, and her family. An added bonus: a numerology lesson in the back of the book." -Catherine Ward (cibward17@aol.com) "Congratulations, Dusty. It's a winner! Dusty adds such life to her characters...especially Samantha. I loved this (book)." -Millicent Hart, romance novelist
 id : 239658 ISBN : 0312266561  | name : The Undefeated  |  description : For three perfect seasons (1954-1956), the Oklahoma Sooners won every football game they played - home or away - and over the course of five years they won 47 straight games. This awesome record was the product of a genius and masterful coach named Bud Wilkinson and the spirited young men he led. The Undefeated will detail all the thrilling action on the field during this record winning streak, but it will also reveal all the behind-the-scenes tumult and pressure swirling around it. Dent presents an absorbing character study of the brilliant, complex coach who engineered it all - Bud Wilkinson, the on-field genius whoses starched-shirt public persona hid a man of many secrets and an in-depth look at a state and its people still suffering from a Depression hangover and an identity crisis, who took up the Sooners football banner almost as a religious cause. Through it all, the young men who accomplished this amazing feat shine in vivid life.
 id : 239661 ISBN : 0812933397  | name : Booknotes  |  description : Collection of essays by various biographers based on interviews originally held on the television program Booknotes.
 id : 239663 ISBN : 3596151279  | name : Da schwimmen manchmal ein paar gute Sätze vorbei--  |  description : Eine Reihe von Autoren schreibt über das Schreiben.
 id : 239664 ISBN : 0679894586  | name : A to Z Mysteries: The Jaguar's Jewel  |  description : Help Dink, Josh, and Ruth Rose solve mysteries from A to Z! Kids love collecting the entire alphabet and super editions! With over 8 million copies in print, the A to Z Mysteries® have been hooking chapter book readers on mysteries and reading for years. Now this classic kid favorite is back with a bright new look! J is for Jewel . . . New York is the emerald city! Dink’s uncle’s museum there has a new treasure—a golden jaguar statue with an emerald between its paws. But someone swaps the jewel for a fake! Who stole the jaguar’s jewel? Dink, Josh, and Ruth Rose are sure to find out!
 id : 239666 ISBN : 0891418091  | name : Ripcord  |  description : On April 10, 1970, Hill 927 was occupied by troopers of the Screaming Eagles of the 101st Airborne Division. By July, the activities of the artillery and infantry of Ripcord had caught the attention of the NVA (North Vietnamese Army) and a long and deadly siege ensued. Ripcord was the Screaming Eagles’ last chance to do significant damage to the NVA in the A Shau Valley before the division was withdrawn from Vietnam and returned to the United States. At Ripcord, the enemy counterattacked with ferocity, using mortar and antiaircraft fire to inflict heavy causalities on the units operating there. The battle lasted four and a half months and exemplified the ultimate frustration of the Vietnam War: the inability of the American military to bring to bear its enormous resources to win on the battlefield. In the end, the 101st evacuated Ripcord, leaving the NVA in control of the battlefield. Contrary to the mantra “We won every battle but lost the war,” the United States was defeated at Ripcord. Now, at last, the full story of this terrible battle can be told.
 id : 239667 ISBN : 3596152356  | name : Vergiss, wenn du kannst  |  description : Eine gescheiterte Beziehung treibt die junge Tierärztin Natalie zurück in ihre Heimatstadt am Eriesee. Schon am Tag nach ihrer Ankunft wird eine ehemalige Schulfreundin ermordet, weitere Todesfälle folgen rasch. Und immer trifft es Menschen aus Natalies Bekanntenkreis - bis sie selbst einen Anruf erhält, der sie in Angst und Schrecken versetzt. Zwischen allen Toten gibt es eine Verbindung, die der ermittelnde Sheriff fast zu spät herausfindet.
 id : 239668 ISBN : 0755301714  | name : The Templar's Penance  |  description : Sir Baldwin Furnshill and Bailiff Simon Puttock have been granted leave to go on pilgrimage, both seeking solace after the recent, traumatic events in Gidleigh. Together they travel across Europe to Santiago de Compostela but, as usual, danger is never far away. A beautiful young girl is found raped and murdered on a hillside. Baldwin and Simon lend their investigative skills to the local enquiry, but the unexpected appearance of a face from Baldwin's past threatens both the investigation and Baldwin's very future.
 id : 239670 ISBN : 0687197279  | name : I Will be a Doctor!  |  description : A biography of the first woman doctor emphasizing the hardships she endured in becoming a doctor and in practicing medicine.
 id : 239672 ISBN : 1556615825  | name : With this Ring  |  description : With This Ring is the sequel to The Wedding Dress. Rebecca's bittersweet story continues as she searches for the truth through heartbreak and pain.
 id : 239673 ISBN : 0806517131  | name : Dictionary of Word Origins  |  description : This dictionary gives the intriguing origins of hundreds of everyday words and expressions. Useful for reference and fun just for browsing, Dictionary of Word Origins is also a great way to expand vocabulary and enjoy doing it.
 id : 239675 ISBN : 0892133546  | name : Krsna, the Supreme Personality of Godhead  |  description : Krsna once descended from the transcendental world to reveal on earth his eternal spiritual pastimes. The great sage Vyasadeva carefully recorded these in a book called the Bhagavata Purana. Krsna is translated from that Purana by His Divine Grace A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada.
 id : 239681 ISBN : 0399226842  | name : The Very Quiet Cricket  |  description : A very quiet cricket who wants to rub his wings together and make a sound as do so many other animals finally achieves his wish. The cricket's sound is reproduced at the end of the book.
 id : 239683 ISBN : 0061081493  | name : Sweet Amity's Fire  |  description : Miss Amity Lowell, a mail-order bride eager to please her new husband, refuses to let Captain Thaddeus Whitlock, her groom-to-be's brother, turn her away after the groom changes his mind. Original.
 id : 239684 ISBN : 0609609343  | name : In the Absence of Sun  |  description : A breathtaking true story of a rescue mission undertaken by a young woman and her family in one of the most repressive countries in the world. Helie Lee often had heard her grandmother speak of an uncle, lost decades ago when he was a child during the family’s daring escape from North Korea. As an adult, he was still living there under horrid conditions. When her grandmother began to ail, Helie became determined to reunite her with her eldest son, despite tremendous odds. Helie’s mission became even more urgent when she realized that her first book, the bestselling novel Still Life with Rice, about the family’s escape, might have angered the North Korean government and put her uncle in danger. Pushing through rivers and forests, fighting the cold, bribing and manipulating border guards, gangsters, and secret service agents, Helie and her father finally achieve their goal. But there are many hurdles. Her uncle is forced to make a harrowing choice: leave his North Korean family behind or continue to live in oppression and starvation away from his beloved mother. And Helie has to face her deep, sometimes ambivalent, emotions about her identity in the family and as a Korean American woman. Unmarried and outspoken, she struggles in Korea, where women marry early and keep silent, and writes eloquently about the landscape there, both literal and cultural. She comes through a heartbreaking love affair only to face an intense and confusing relationship with the Guide—the man who, despite being crude and macho, ultimately helps to save her uncle and eventually his extended family through several daring acts of heroism. In the Absence of Sun is a riveting adventure story and a powerful tale of family bonds and reunion. “An eerie fear crawled through my flesh as I stood on the Chinese side of the Yalu River, gazing across the murky water into one of the most closed-off and isolated countries in the world. I couldn’t believe it. Even as my boots sank into the doughy mud, I had trouble coming to terms with the fact that I was actually standing there. . . . I was not prepared for the kind of despair and insane fear I felt that day. My wizened old uncle looked nothing like the sweet-faced teenager in the faded photograph that Halmoni kept pressed between the pages of her Bible. That day, at the Yalu River, staring helplessly into his terrorized face, I hadn’t fully realized what a dangerous thing I had done the year before. I had placed him and his family in danger. By including details of my uncle’s life in a book, I had alerted North Korea’s enigmatic leadership to the identity of my relatives in a nation where it was better to remain invisible.” —From In the Absence of Sun
 id : 239685 ISBN : 0451400011  | name : Fires of Destiny  |  description : In sixteenth-century England, Roger Trevor, a Protestant and heir to the Baron of Chilton, falls in love with Alexandra, a beautiful Catholic member of Mary Tudor's court
 id : 239686 ISBN : 0553379240  | name : Vegetables Rock!  |  description : Offering great advice to the more than two million newly vegetarian teenagers is this reliable source for nutritional information, vegetarian values, recipes and cooking tips.
 id : 239689 ISBN : 0425168158  | name : Walker, Texas Ranger  |  description : Based upon television series: Walker, Texas Ranger.
 id : 239690 ISBN : 0028637267  | name : The Unofficial Guide? to Disneyland? 2001  |  description : From the publishers of The Unofficial Guide® to Walt Disney World® "A Tourist's Best Friend!" —Chicago Sun-Times "Indispensable" —The New York Times The Top 10 Ways The Unofficial Guide® to Disneyland® Can Help You Have the Perfect Trip: Every attraction rated and ranked for each age group, based on interviews and surveys of more than 6,100 families When to go: the best times of year and the best days of the week Comprehensive coverage of Universal Studios Hollywood All the Disneyland area hotels rated and ranked for value and quality of rooms Field-tested touring itineraries for adults and families with children Complete coverage of Disney's California Adventure theme park Tips and warnings for first-time visitors and those with special needs Proven strategies for planning the perfect Disneyland vacation with small children How to find and meet the Disney characters Unvarnished, practical advice for families, couples, honeymooners, and singles This guide is a completely independent evaluation of Disneyland and has not been reviewed or approved by Walt Disney World or the Walt Disney Company, Inc. Find us online at frommers.travelocity.com
 id : 239693 ISBN : 0881849103  | name : Malcolm A to X  |  description : Gathers brief selections from interviews with Malcolm X, as well as short reminiscences by those who knew him
 id : 239695 ISBN : 055315897X  | name : Born Different  |  description : Tells the stories of Tom Thumb, Joseph Merrick, a pair of Siamese twins, a giant nearly nine feet high, and a musician born without arms
 id : 239696 ISBN : 0812416503  | name : Rebecca  |  description : Gothic masterpiece about a young bride haunted by the specter of her husband's first wife.
 id : 239699 ISBN : 0805060790  | name : What Did I Just Say!?!  |  description : Covers creating effective structures and boundaries, and encourages healthy emotional development
 id : 239700 ISBN : 0060084081  | name : Maximum Bob  |  description : A woman probation officer pursues the people trying to kill a red neck Florida judge.
 id : 239701 ISBN : 2253146528  | name : Au-delà de nulle part  |  description : En 2126, la comète Swift-Tuttle s'écrasera sur la Terre, provoquant une explosion un milliard de fois plus puissante que celle qui détruisit Hiroshima. Toute vie disparaîtra. Tel est le message que reçoit sur Internet Addams, un jeune chercheur américain, à qui son mystérieux interlocuteur lance un appel : il faut qu'il découvre les tablettes où les Indiens hopis, le plus vieux peuple d'Amérique, ont consigné leurs préceptes de sagesse... Peut-on prendre au sérieux un message venu du futur ? Cette comète n'est-elle qu'un symbole de la folie des hommes ? Quelles sont les relations entre une future Apocalypse et les anciens mythes indiens ? Récit d'anticipation, machinerie policière, suspense métaphysique, roman d'amour... L'auteur d'Il viendra et de Chemins de sagesse nous entraîne au cœur d'une quête initiatique vers un héritage plurimillénaire dont l'oubli nous ferait basculer au-delà de nulle part. Une incroyable fresque messianique, high-tech, politico-ethno-métaphysique, qui laisse pantelant. Thierry Gandillot, L'Express.
 id : 239702 ISBN : 0195204387  | name : Subtle Is the Lord  |  description : Provides an intimate, personal portrait of the eminent physicist and traces the origins, development, and impact of his revolutionary scientific theories
 id : 239703 ISBN : 044652039X  | name : Nightbird  |  description : A young actress plummets through the sky, slamming down onto the roof of a parked car. Detectives Anthony Ryan and Joe Gregory believe the Broadway star's "suicide" may actually be something more sinister. The main suspect is a big-time Broadway producer with a shady past. But who is the mysterious figure known only as the "Juggler" -- and what connection does he have to the dead girl? From the back alleys of Broadway to the vanishing Irish communities of Yonkers, Ryan and Gregory work through family secrets and tarnished reputations to find out what really happened on that balcony. As they discover the truth, the case becomes personal for Ryan, bringing him dangerously close to losing everything.
 id : 239704 ISBN : 0312890648  | name : Behold a Pale Horse  |  description : A preacher who becomes president and the Rhodesian-born assassin sent to assassinate him form the central drama in this novel of apocalyptic prophesies. By the author of The House of Pain. 15,000 first printing.
 id : 239705 ISBN : 0873416031  | name : Campbell's Soup Collectibles  |  description : This is the first book to explore the collectibles of one of America's premiere foods. From the early dolls of the Campbell Kids to modern day collectibles, this guide covers all different forms of Campbell's soup collectibles. More than 1,700 different Campbell's items are listed, described in detail and priced according to the latest market values. In addition, there are more than 600 colour photos. You'll be astounded by the number and variety of items available. This guide, great for the beginner or expert collector, will help you sort through the entire line of Campbell's so you can better enjoy your "M'm, M'm Great!" hobby.
 id : 239706 ISBN : 1564407225  | name : The Complete Book of Sea Kayaking  |  description : A complete course in sea kayaking for paddlers of all levels of expertise.
 id : 239707 ISBN : 0471332224  | name : The Entrepreneur Magazine Small Business Advisor  |  description : It's like having a team of top business consultants on call 24 hours a day . . . but a whole lot cheaper. Each month for over 20 years, hundreds of thousands of enterprising individuals have turned to Entrepreneur Magazine for news on the latest business trends and expert tips on how to maximize the success of their ventures. Now from the experts at Entrepreneur, here is the ultimate guide to starting, managing, and growing a small business. Written to meet all the information needs of entrepreneurs, small business owners, and those thinking about going into business for themselves, this practical, user-friendly guide tells you everything you need to know about setting goals and objectives, assessing risk, finding the right location, financing, marketing, pricing, taxation, insurance, record keeping, personnel management, purchasing, inventory, time and stress management, legal matters, advertising, sales, obtaining expansion capital, and many other topics of vital importance to smart, enterprising businesspeople like you. Proven strategies, techniques, and expert tips on every aspect of starting, managing, and growing a small business. * Defines all important terms and clearly explains difficult concepts in plain English. * Packed with useful worksheets, checklists, sample forms, and other valuable business tools that you can put to work for you, today. * Chapters include listings of trade associations, periodicals, on-line services, software, government agencies, and other valuable sources of business assistance and information. ENTREPRENEUR is the banner publication of the Entrepreneur Magazine Group. It has the largest newsstand circulation of any business monthly and has a total ABC audited circulation of 531,000. The Entrepreneur Magazine Group also publishes Business Start-Ups and Entrepreneur Mexico, and software that deals with business start-up management. Also available from the Entrepreneur Magazine library: * Starting a Home-Based Business, Second Edition. * Starting an Import/Export Business. * Small Business Legal Guide. * Making Money with Your Personal Computer.
 id : 239708 ISBN : 0822310732  | name : The Black Church in the African American Experience  |  description : A nongovernmental survey of urban and rural churches of black communities based on a ten year study.
 id : 239709 ISBN : 0805069429  | name : James K. Polk  |  description : Examines the political career and presidency of James K. Polk, noting his service as Speaker of the House and governor of Tennesee, his role in the disputed Oregon boundary and war on Mexico for the annexation of Texas and California, and the anti-war criticism that took a severe toll on his health. 17,500 first printing.
 id : 239711 ISBN : 0393049868  | name : Different Hours  |  description : Winner of the 2001 Pulitzer Prize for Poetry.
 id : 239712 ISBN : 0743229320  | name : Parker's Wine Buyer's Guide  |  description : Supplies the reader with information about wine producers and growers, vintage critiques, and wine purchasing strategies for most major wine-producing regions world-wide.
 id : 239713 ISBN : 0174436157  | name : The Arden Shakespeare Complete Works  |  description : The Complete Arden Shakespeare, published for the first time in 1998, is now available in an updated hardback edition. The Complete Arden Shakespeare contains the texts of all Shakespeare's plays, edited by leading Shakespeare scholars for the renowned Arden Shakespeare series. The updated edition includes eight newly revised playtexts as published in the Arden Third Series since 1998.A general introduction by the three General Editors of the ongoing Arden Shakespeare series gives the reader an overall view of how and why Shakespeare has become such an influential cultural icon, and how perceptions of his work have changed in the intervening four centuries. The introduction summarises the known facts about the dramatist's life, his reading and use of sources, and the nature of theatrical performance during his lifetime.Brief introductions to each play, written specially for this volume by the Arden General Editors, discuss the date and contemporary context of the play, its position within Shakespeare's 'uvre, and its subsequent performance history. An extensive glossary explains vocabulary which may be unfamiliar to modern readers.À The sound, reliable, critical edition of Shakespeare's workÀ Updated and revised to include all of the editions currently available in the Arden Third SeriesÀ Includes The Two Noble Kinsmen, the Poems and the SonnetsÀ General introduction by the Arden General EditorsÀ Brief contextual introductions to each playÀ Glossary with about 400 entries
 id : 239714 ISBN : 0700603433  | name : The Kansas City Monarchs  |  description : An illustrated study of the Kansas City Monarchs, one of the top teams in the Negro National League, which served as a training ground for Jackie Robinson, Satchel Paige, and over twenty other players who were eventually sent to the major leagues.
 id : 239715 ISBN : 0771033419  | name : Canada  |  description : The top non-fiction bestseller of fall 2000 was the authoritative and beautiful Canada: A People’s History, Volume One. For fall 2001, M&S is proud to present the equally stunning and comprehensive second volume of this landmark work. This fall, on consecutive Sunday evenings starting on September 30, the CBC will broadcast eight new episodes from its spectacular – and spectacularly successful – series Canada: A People’s History. Volume Two opens with the rebellion over property and language rights for the French-speaking Métis in Manitoba, led by the charismatic and troubled Louis Riel – a key event in our history and one that haunts us to this day. It closes with the less bloody but no less traumatic confrontation between the Mohawk and the army at Oka, Quebec, in 1990. Between these two harrowing events lie more than a hundred years of astonishing change and development in Canada. In those years Canadians have fought in two world wars, struggled through long, savage Depression years, adjusted to the post-war world, and peaceably accommodated themselves to wave after wave of immigrants arriving from around the globe. The political changes have been no less striking, with the eruption of nationalism in Quebec, women’s long fight for equal rights, and the creation of Canadians’ most cherished social service: universal health care. Even more than was possible in Volume One, this well-researched book tells the major events of the twentieth century as a story of people: the famous and occasionally flamboyant politicians and public figures are here, but the book’s strength lies in the stories of ordinary people in extraordinary circumstances. The tremendous popularity and the impeccable historical accuracy of both the first year of the television series and the first volume of the book, surprised and delighted historians and reviewers alike. The second year of the series and the second volume of the book are both now poised to rocket to even greater success in 2001.
 id : 239716 ISBN : 0393014673  | name : Richard Nixon, the Shaping of His Character  |  description : This account of the early life of Nixon ends with the Kennedy assassination in 1963.
 id : 239719 ISBN : 0300088981  | name : Web Style Guide  |  description : This guide focuses on interface and graphic design principles underlying Web site design, and gives advice on issues ranging from planning and organizing goals, to design strategies for a site, to elements of individual page design. Includes technical information on graphics and multimedia. Illustrations. Photos and examples.
 id : 239720 ISBN : 0060164549  | name : The Crisis Years  |  description : The relationship between Kennedy and Khrushchev and its impact on the Cold War.
 id : 239722 ISBN : 0517467828  | name : A Treasury of World War II Stories  |  description : Thirty-four stories by James Jones, Norman Mailer, Wallace Stegner, Pearl S. Buck, James Michener and others deal with the homefront, military training, combat, the Holocaust, naval battles, and bombing runs
 id : 239724 ISBN : 0786885939  | name : Naked Pueblo  |  description : Contains stories about different types of people, searching for a place to call home, who are connected by the city of Tucson, Arizona.
 id : 239725 ISBN : 0870715607  | name : Atlas of the Pacific Northwest  |  description : What is the foggiest place one the Pacific Coast? Where is the grass seed capital of the world? What is the fastest-growing minority population in the Northwest? What percentage of Idaho's population hold fishing licenses? Northwest natives and newcomers can turn to the Atlas of the Pacific Northwest for answers--and for a wealth of other information about the region. The Atlas of the Pacific Northwest has been respected for nearly fifty years as the standard reference book on Washington, Oregon, and Idaho. This new edition has been completely revised and updated to include the most recent information, incorporating data from the 2000 census, in an easy-to-use format. In addition to over 200 insightful maps, graphs, and tables (many in full color and, for the first time, all created digitally), the Atlas contains 18 authoritative essays by leading experts on topics ranging from climate to tourism, from land use to ocean resources. The Atlas is a unique resource: an invaluable reference tool, an excellent teaching aid, and a handy introduction to the character of the region. No other single volume provides more comprehensive and up-to-data information about the natural environment and human activities in the Pacific Northwest. The new edition documents recent growth and change in the three states. It helps us to better understand the past and to plan for the future. No Northwest library, classroom, business, or household should be without a copy.
 id : 239726 ISBN : 0684191431  | name : Thunder at Twilight  |  description : A recreation of Vienna on the eve of WWI. By the author of A Nervous splendor and The Rothschilds (both nominated for the National Book Award). Annotation copyrighted by Book News, Inc., Portland, OR
 id : 239727 ISBN : 0826210945  | name : German Settlement in Missouri  |  description : German immigrants came to America for two main reasons: to seek opportunities in the New World, and to avoid political and economic problems in Europe. In German Settlement in Missouri, Robyn Burnett and Ken Luebbering demonstrate the crucial role that the German immigrants and their descendants played in the settlement and development of Missouri's architectural, political, religious, economic, and social landscape. Relying heavily on unpublished memoirs, letters, diaries, and official records, the authors provide important new narratives and firsthand commentary from the immigrants themselves. Between 1800 and 1919, more than 7 million people came to the United States from German-speaking lands. The German immigrants established towns as they moved up the Missouri River into the frontier, resuming their traditional ways as they settled. As a result, the culture of the frontier changed dramatically. The Germans farmed differently from their American neighbors. They started vineyards and wineries, published German-language newspapers, and entered Missouri politics. The decades following the Civil War brought the golden age of German culture in the state. The populations of many small towns were entirely German, and traditions from the homeland thrived. German-language schools, publications, and church services were common. As the German businesses in St. Louis and other towns flourished, the immigrants and their descendants prospered. The loyalty of the Missouri Germans was tested in World War I, and the anti-immigrant sentiment during the war and the period of prohibition after it dealt serious blows to their culture. However, German traditions had already found their way into mainstream American life. Informative and clearly written, German Settlement in Missouri will be of interest to all readers, especially those interested in ethnic history.
 id : 239729 ISBN : 0867307846  | name : The Encyclopedia of American Food & Drink  |  description : In the newly updated, revised and retitled The Encyclopedia of American Food and Drink , author John F. Mariani greatly expands upon his 1983 classic.
 id : 239731 ISBN : 1585671983  | name : Their First Time in the Movies  |  description : A unique book package which includes a free video and DVD showing the rare, first recorded performances of over 100 of the most famous and loved stars of the movies. This is a superb multi-media production and there is simply nothing else on the market that compares to it. Includes first film performances from Charlie Chaplin, Rudolph Valentino, Gary Cooper, Errol Flynn, Kirk Douglas, Burt Lancaster, Robert Mitchum, Marlon Brando, Sophia Loren, Marilyn Monroe, Elvis Presley, Jack Nicholson, John Travolta and many, many more.
 id : 239732 ISBN : 0385483821  | name : Only the Paranoid Survive  |  description : Andy Grove, founder and former CEO of Intel shares his strategy for success as he takes the reader deep inside the workings of a major company in Only the Paranoid Survive. Under Andy Grove's leadership, Intel became the world's largest chip maker and one of the most admired companies in the world. In Only the Paranoid Survive, Grove reveals his strategy for measuring the nightmare moment every leader dreads--when massive change occurs and a company must, virtually overnight, adapt or fall by the wayside--in a new way. Grove calls such a moment a Strategic Inflection Point, which can be set off by almost anything: mega-competition, a change in regulations, or a seemingly modest change in technology. When a Strategic Inflection Point hits, the ordinary rules of business go out the window. Yet, managed right, a Strategic Inflection Point can be an opportunity to win in the marketplace and emerge stronger than ever. Grove underscores his message by examining his own record of success and failure, including how he navigated the events of the Pentium flaw, which threatened Intel's reputation in 1994, and how he has dealt with the explosions in growth of the Internet. The work of a lifetime, Only the Paranoid Survive is a classic of managerial and leadership skills.
 id : 239733 ISBN : 1570719748  | name : We Interrupt this Broadcast  |  description : An illustrated book and two audio CDs provide actual news broadcasts and background information for 44 events in the 20th and 21st centuries.
 id : 239734 ISBN : 0786883642  | name : God Among the Shakers  |  description : In the tradition of "Plain and Simple" and "The Cloister Walk", this book offers a rare, intimate account of one woman's journey into the world of the Shakers--a radical Christian sect whose belief in a Mother-Father God, equal rights for all, and direct interaction with the spirits of the dead shocked other established religious communities Print ads. NPR sponsorships .
 id : 239739 ISBN : 0829810307  | name : The Life of the Reverend Devereux Jarratt  |  description : The Life of the Reverend Devereux Jarratt is a window into the soul of colonial America. Written in the form of extended letters, this autobiography of Jarratt (1733-1801) - known as the John the Baptist of Virginia Anglicanism - is one of the most lucid documents available of a volatile, formative era in American history. This new edition includes an interpretive foreword by David L. Holmes.
 id : 239740 ISBN : 0374280223  | name : Typical  |  description : Writing and languages, the trials of death and family, and the daydreamers and drifters of the New South form some of the subjects in this collection of stories
 id : 239741 ISBN : 0805042377  | name : Edisto Revisited  |  description : Simons Manigault, fresh from college, tries to forestall his father's plans for his career with the help of his hard-drinking, literary-minded mother
 id : 239742 ISBN : 0936839252  | name : Sophocles' Antigone  |  description : (Applause Books). Sophocles, Holderlin, Brecht, Malina four major figures in the world's theatre have all left their imprint on this remarkable dramatic text. Friedrich Holderlin translated Sophocles into German, Brecht adapted Holderlin, and now Judith Malina has rendered Brecht's version into a stunning English incarnation. Available for the first time in English.
 id : 239743 ISBN : 0393047857  | name : The Universal Computer  |  description : A pioneer in the development of computer science traces the emergence of logical concepts underlying computers through the lives of a group of brilliant innovators spanning three centuries. None of these scientists, except Alan Turing, understood that their work would form the intellectual matrix out of which would emerge the digital computer. Includes bandw photos of key figures. Davis is visiting scholar at the University of California-Berkeley. Annotation copyrighted by Book News, Inc., Portland, OR
 id : 239744 ISBN : 0465020933  | name : Eugene Onegin  |  description : In time for the bicentennial of Pushkin's birth comes a new translation of his classic novel. Douglas R. Hofstadter is the author of the Pulitzer Prize-winning "Godel, Escher, Bach".
 id : 239745 ISBN : 0898791588  | name : Confessions of a Happily Organized Family  |  description : Schofield adapts proven time-management and organizational principles to help families tackle modern-day challenges -- hundreds of simple, practical ways to organize a home and family.
 id : 239746 ISBN : 1573225649  | name : Seven Experiments that Could Change the World  |  description : Includes experiments and discussions which contradict some "constants" of science, such as the speed of light
 id : 239748 ISBN : 0810944642  | name : 60 Years of American Poetry  |  description : More than 200 poems and poets, representing a cross section of six decades of the best in American poetry.
 id : 239750 ISBN : 0761104879  | name : The NPR Guide to Building a Classical CD Collection  |  description : Berlioz. Vaughan Williams. Schubert and Schumann. Mozart after the Jupiter Symphony, Bach beyond the Brandenburg Concertos, opera after The Magic Flute. In his informed and indispensible guide with over 157,000 copies in print, National Public Radio's Ted Libbey takes listeners by the hand through the classical repertory to build a music library. For the second edition, with five years of new performances to consider, five years of new releases to review, and five years of reissues to re-evaluate-the author has completely revised and updated the book. While sticking to the essential 300 works, there are now one-third new selections and reviews, and a 50% change in discography to keep all suggested CDs up to date. The NPR Guide tp Building a Classical CD Collection will make every music lover's core collection complete.
 id : 239753 ISBN : 0792277406  | name : Guide to America's Outdoors  |  description : Everything a visitor wants to know about the Pacific Northwest--all the important outdoor spots, natural features and plant life, trail hikes, recreational opportunities, accommodations, and more--can be found in this descriptive and colorful guide, complete with evocative narratives. 25 maps. 150 color photos.
 id : 239754 ISBN : 0192880314  | name : The Oxford Book of Travel Stories  |  description : Patricia Craig defines travel stories as oriented to the actual act of travelling, rather than to the destination. This collection of over thirty such tales spans more than a century and includes works by Evelyn Waugh, Rebecca West, Edith Wharton, Anthony Trollope, Paul Theroux and William Trevor.
 id : 239756 ISBN : 067399001X  | name : James K. Polk and the Expansionist Impulse  |  description : This biography explores the controversies, triumphs, and failures of the presidency of James K. Polk. In this book, Sam W. Haynes places Polk's expansionist agenda in both political and social contexts and examines the nature and origins of the expansionist impulse. For anyone interested in American history, Jacksonian America, or the Presidency of James K. Polk. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 239757 ISBN : 0688154948  | name : Gary Cooper  |  description : The first definitive biography of Gary Cooper, national icon of the American Dream, from one of our most distinguished biographers. In classic films such as "High Noon," Gary Cooper came to symbolize American ideals of self-reliance, independence, and integrity, but his turbulent private life was often at odds with his squeaky-clean public persona. The off-screen Cooper was anything but simple -- behind Gary Cooper's American Dream facade lay a tempestuous life. As this meticulously researched book tracks his film career in fascinating detail, it tells the parallel tale of his complicated relationships with Marlene Dietrich and Patricia Neal (to name only two of many), his involvement with the House Un-American Activities Committee and the Hollywood black-list, and his long friendship with Ernest Hemingway. With the full cooperation of the actor's daughter as well as such colleagues and close friends as Arlene Dahl and Fay Wray, Meyers examines every aspect of Cooper's life, beginning with his youth in Montana where he was a real cowboy before making the leap to Hollywood. There he created some of the quintessential screen westerns in movie history -- awkward, honest men who captured America's imagination with an irresistible air of aw-shucks simplicity. Gary Cooper is a robust portrait of a great star whose contradictions only enhance the artistry with which he created some of the most unforgettable and enduring characters of Hollywood's Golden Age.
 id : 239758 ISBN : 185715214X  | name : Rabbit Angstrom  |  description : Newly revised by the author for this edition, and printed together in one volume for the first time, Updike's four Rabbit novels chronicle the history of a man and a nation from the 1950s to the 1980s. Harry 'Rabbit' Angstrom, athlete, is Mr Middle America. Dazzling in style, tender in feeling, often erotic in description and coruscating with realistic details which recreate a world in each novel, these books give a complete picture of their age.
 id : 239759 ISBN : 2070374181  | name : Homo faber  |  description : Roman de société. Roman de voyage.
 id : 239760 ISBN : 0312910371  | name : Have a Love Affair With Your Husband  |  description : Shows women how to rediscover the lover in their husbands and to put passion and romance back into marriages that have lost the excitement of earlier years
 id : 239761 ISBN : 0761509631  | name : Repairing Your Marriage After His Affair  |  description : A Step-by-Step Guide to Healing Your Heart and Rebuilding Your Marriage Discovering that your husband has been unfaithful can be emotionally devastating, leaving you reeling in pain and confusion. But take heart—this survival guide for women offers compassionate and practical solutions for coping with the aftermath of an affair. Drawing on their years of experience as professional therapists, authors Marcella Bakur Weiner and Armand DiMele explain how to heal the marriage bond and restore trust between partners. Written with empathy and understanding, this book addresses such vital topics as: ·Coming to terms with the sense of loss and betrayal ·Coping with feelings of suspicion and the specter of "the other woman" ·Dealing with the children during and after the affair ·Understanding character traits of men who have affairs—and how different women's personalities interact with them ·Finding the best sources of emotional support Also included are helpful exercises for self-healing and redeveloping mutual trust as a couple. Repairing Your Marriage After His Affair will guide you through the turmoil of infidelity and aid you in mending and strengthening your marriage vows.
 id : 239763 ISBN : 2922868044  | name : Du mercure sous la langue  |  description : Frédéric Langlois, arrivé prématurément au terme de sa courte vie, dresse un bilan fustigeant toutes les illusions : l'espoir, l'amour, l'âme, la religion... Cruel et lucide, il repoussera ces mièvreries de la vie jusqu'à son dernier souffle
 id : 239765 ISBN : 074322549X  | name : Not "just Friends"  |  description : Accompanied by case stories, a thought-provoking and compassionate guide documents the entire cycle of an affair, offering a step-by-step approach to healing and protecting monogamy after betrayal, as well as providing a new model for preventing an affair, one that preserves both marriage and friendship.
 id : 239767 ISBN : 0192142380  | name : The Oxford Book of English Short Stories  |  description : A collection of thirty-seven short stories by English writers covers a wide range of subjects, by such diverse authors as D.H. Lawrence, Virginia Woolf, J.G. Ballard, and Thomas Hardy
 id : 239771 ISBN : 3498034987  | name : Das Magazin  |  description : Schwab und Länge, die Chefredakteure, waren im "Magazin" zwar absolute Herrscher, aber sie waren es von Gottes Gnaden. Und anders als im historischen Gottesnadentum, wo sich der König darauf verlassen konnte, daß sich Gott nicht einmischen würde, es sei denn mittels Krankheit, Tod, Revolution, gab es im atheistischen "Magazin" durchaus einen real existierenden Gott, Kahn, den Verleger: Gott allein dank der bürgerlichen Eigentumsordnung. Er war aber auch Gott, weil er seinen Chefredakteuren, danach suchte er sie aus, geistig haushoch überleben war. Und außerdem schreiben konnte: Im Unterschied zu ihnen.
 id : 239772 ISBN : 0671630776  | name : Buried Secrets  |  description : Nancy investigates a 30-year-old mystery involving the bizarre death of Mayor John Harrington.
 id : 239775 ISBN : 0373071582  | name : Mystic  |  description : A New York Times Bestselling Author He was her first love . . . and her first lesson in betrayal. Savannah Beaumont once loved Travis McCord with all the intensity of adolescence. And one summer night she'd believed he loved her, too. But the light of day brought with it the truth -- Travis was gone, leaving Savannah feeling like a fool. Nine years later, she's still telling herself she despises Travis McCord. Now Travis has returned to the Beaumonts' California horse ranch and Savannah is determined to keep him at a distance. But deception has many faces, and Travis is asking for her trust to help reveal secrets hidden within her own family. Can she forgive the betrayal of the past -- or deny the desire that still smoulders between them?
 id : 239777 ISBN : 0515085030  | name : The Quiller Memorandum  |  description : Quiller is a shadow executive employed by a British governmental bureau so secret that it does not even officially exist. Known only by his codename, he epitomizes the faceless spy. In the first of the series to be republished, Quiller must find a killer who has murdered six agents and has targeted him as the seventh. Previous publisher: Jove.
 id : 239781 ISBN : 0515115339  | name : The Well-Mannered Assassin  |  description : A blossoming affair turns deadly for former OSS operative Aline when she discovers that her new lover is infamous terrorist Carlos the Jackal
 id : 239782 ISBN : 0515127442  | name : A Love Beyond Time  |  description : A female anthropologist joins a dig at the site of Little Big Horn, only to run up against an Indian affairs lawyer named Dillon Wolf who wants to shut the project down. She journeys into the past and strikes up a passionate affair with a Lakota warrior named Wolf.
 id : 239784 ISBN : 0006551289  | name : Quantum Evolution  |  description : Marrying physics and biology, McFadden theorizes that evolution may not be random but directed, and that quantum mechanics endows living organisms with the ability to initiate specific actions, including new mutations. Illustrations.
 id : 239786 ISBN : 0312201729  | name : The Presence of Others  |  description : - 70 readings in many genres by writers with many different perspectives. Essays, letters, poems, college mission statements, even housekeeping advice from writers like Mary Shelley, bell hooks, James Q. Wilson, and Martha Stewart give students a lot to think about -- and respond to. - The only composition reader that highlights the editors' own viewpoints. One reading in each chapter is annotated by Lunsford and Ruszkiewicz (who usually see it from different perspectives) as well as one or more students -- demonstrating what it is to read with a critical eye. Each author also reveals a distinct point of view in signed head-notes and autobiographical sketches. - Attention to visual texts includes a chapter of readings about images, a gallery of color images that call for response, and discussion of how to "read" images critically and use them in writing. The 40 images in the book include photographs, Web sites, advertisements, magazine covers, and cartoons.
 id : 239789 ISBN : 0884860396  | name : The Big Book of Pencil Pastimes  |  description : Provides a variety of word games and other puzzles, including logic problems, mazes, crosswords, quizzes, and cryptograms
 id : 239793 ISBN : 0674769783  | name : Righteous Discontent  |  description : What Du Bois noted has gone largely unstudied until now. In this book, Evelyn Brooks Higginbotham gives us our first full account of the crucial role of black women in making the church a powerful institution for social and political change in the black community. Between 1880 and 1920, the black church served as the most effective vehicle by which men and women alike, pushed down by racism and poverty, regrouped and rallied against emotional and physical defeat. Focusing on the National Baptist Convention, the largest religious movement among black Americans, Higginbotham shows us how women were largely responsible for making the church a force for self-help in the black community. In her account, we see how the efforts of women enabled the church to build schools, provide food and clothing to the poor, and offer a host of social welfare services. And we observe the challenges of black women to patriarchal theology. Class, race, and gender dynamics continually interact in Higginbotham's nuanced history. She depicts the cooperation, tension, and negotiation that characterized the relationship between men and women church leaders as well as the interaction of southern black and northern white women's groups. Higginbotham's history is at once tough-minded and engaging. It portrays the lives of individuals within this movement as lucidly as it delineates feminist thinking and racial politics. She addresses the role of black Baptist women in contesting racism and sexism through a "politics of respectability" and in demanding civil rights, voting rights, equal employment, and educational opportunities. Righteous Discontent finally assigns women their rightful place in the story of political and social activism in the black church. It is central to an understanding of African American social and cultural life and a critical chapter in the history of religion in America.
 id : 239795 ISBN : 1888952423  | name : Arnie  |  description : The most definitive and personal answer ever written to the question, What is Arnold Palmer really like?"" A warm, often humorous, look at one of the most popular figures in modern sports.""
 id : 239796 ISBN : 0064632717  | name : SPANISH FOR BEGINNER  |  description : This complete, step-by-step introduction to the language enables students to speak, read, and write Spanish with ease. Includes a basic vocabulary of nearly three thousand words, and outlines the essentials of Spanish grammar.
 id : 239797 ISBN : 0316812552  | name : Look-alikes  |  description : Simple verses challenge readers to identify the everyday objects used to construct twelve miniature, three-dimensional scenes in Lookalike Land, where a badminton birdie tops a gazebo and a shoe horn makes for a great park slide.
 id : 239798 ISBN : 0785270337  | name : Of Men and of Angels  |  description : Joseph Connor Burke has reclaimed his family's Irish estate and works to balance the needs of the crown with those of the villagers. He still chases after Kate Donovan Garrity.
 id : 239799 ISBN : 0307631206  | name : Imagine-- Grover's Magic Carpet Ride  |  description : Grover imagines that his bedroom rug is a magic carpet on which he and Elmo fly to the seashore, to snowcapped mountains, and to Paris, France.
 id : 239800 ISBN : 1563050846  | name : The Recovery Book  |  description : Explains what recovering addicts and their families will face during each stage, includes information on groups, and answers questions
 id : 239803 ISBN : 155369175X  | name : Secular Wholeness  |  description : How can a skeptic tap the benefits of religious belief? When no religious account of the Universe satisfies, where does one turn for depth, meaning and engagement? This book explores secular, intellectually credible sources for the goods normally delivered by religion.
 id : 239804 ISBN : 055299488x  | name : Sugar Cage  |  description : Fabulerende roman fra l960'ernes Florida om 2 ægtepar fra den lavere hvide middelklasse
 id : 239806 ISBN : 0701176121  | name : The Girl Who Played Go  |  description : In Japanese-occupied Manchuria, in the Square of a Thousand Winds, snow falls as a 16 year-old Chinese girl beats all-comers at the game of go. Unknown to her, one of her opponents is a young Japanese officer.
 id : 239809 ISBN : 0553297252  | name : I Could Never Be So Lucky Again  |  description : A former stunt pilot describes his life of aerial acrobatics, discussing his pioneering work in the development of aviation technology, his service during World War II, his role in the raid against Japan, and more. Reprint.
 id : 239810 ISBN : 0744543533  | name : Beyond the Orchid House  |  description : This is a family drama in a series of four books, featuring Gwen, the third of the four Purcell sisters. Unlike the others, she has stayed at home all her life, tending the large Hillcrest garden and pursuing her artistic endeavours. On the surface, it's a life of unruffled calm, a calm behind which Gwen can hide from the hurt and disappointment of her past and avoid the problems of the present. The unexpected, and unwelcome, gift of a collection of orchids is the first event to shatter that calm, followed by the arrival of the volatile Tony, which in turn leads her to accept, against her instincts, an invitation to visit an unknown orchid grower in Germany. It is 1936, the Nazis are in power and, forced beyond the sheltering boundaries of the orchid house, Gwen has to face the tough realities of the modern world.
 id : 239813 ISBN : 067178546x  | name : Blue Gold  |  description : Kurt Austin and his crew are back to slake their thirst for action as they attempt to drown an eco-extortionist's plan to control the world's freshwater supply.
 id : 239814 ISBN : 0061084328  | name : Silver Springs  |  description : Impersonating her twin sister Alexis in order to help her escape from an unwanted marriage, Angelica Brady discovers that the would-be fiance+a7 is Ox Bruford, a man from Angelica's own past. Original.
 id : 239815 ISBN : 000225669x  | name : One Thousand Chestnut Trees  |  description : The tumultuous history of Korea unfolds in this compelling story of a young woman's search for her family roots -- and her own sense of identity. In her journeys, she discovers a legacy left behind by the noble clan from which she is descended -- a temple erected by her great-grandfather in defiance of centuries of invasions against Korea, and the one thousand chestnut trees that shield it from view...
 id : 239816 ISBN : 0805005870  | name : How to Win the Job You Really Want  |  description : Featuring professional advice for developing personal confidence and career direction, this guide teaches how to analyze skills and target appropriate fields, how to write a resume and handle an interview, and how to smoothly change careers
 id : 239817 ISBN : 0814403093  | name : The 9 Natural Laws of Leadership  |  description : What does it mean to be a leader? Why do so many leaders fail? Why do so few people ever get the chance to take leadership roles? Blank answers these and other questions pertaining to the topic of leadership, proposing a new leadership model based on the modern science of quantum physics. Includes over 100 practical action ideas and specific examples.
 id : 239818 ISBN : 1875346058  | name : Blue Tyson  |  description : The sequel to 'Rynosseros', this collection of science-fiction short stories set in Australia's distant future concerns the exploits of Tom Tyson, legendary captain of the sand ship 'Rynosseros'. Other works by this award-winning author include 'Wormwood'. Includes a brief introduction by Jack Vance.
 id : 239820 ISBN : 0553143735  | name : Burr  |  description : A fascinating fictional portrait of Aaron Burr, one of our most complex and contradictory historical figures.
 id : 239821 ISBN : 0452278597  | name : The Good Black  |  description : Larry Mungin spent his life preparing to succeed in the white world. He looked away from racial inequality and hostility, believing he'd make it if he worked hard and played by the rules. He rose from a Queens housing project to Harvard Law School, and went on to practice law at major corporate firms. But just at the point when he thought he'd make it, when he should have been considered for partnership, he sued his employer for racial discrimination. The firm claimed it went out of its way to help Larry because of his race, while Larry thought he'd been treated unfairly. Was Larry a victim of racial discrimination, or just another victim of the typical dog-eat-dog corporate law culture? A thought-provoking courtroom drama with the fast pace of a commercial novel, The Good Black asks readers to rethink their ideas about race and is a fascinating look at the inner workings of the legal profession.
 id : 239822 ISBN : 0609604317  | name : Miss Manners on Weddings  |  description : Details the responsibilities of the bride, groom, their families, and their wedding party, and covers showers, the guest list, invitations and announcements, gifts, and thank-yous.
 id : 239823 ISBN : 0345468309  | name : American Splendor  |  description : Presents a collection of black-and-white comics about personal relationships and the workaday world which served as the inspiration for the movie "American Splendor."
 id : 239829 ISBN : 1562828576  | name : Outsmarting the Female Fat Cell  |  description : The first diet and nutrition book designed specifically for women introduces an effective weight-loss program for women of all ages and is designed to permanently "deactivate" the female fat cell. Lit Guild. Tour.
 id : 239832 ISBN : 0679755101  | name : Out of Order  |  description : Why are our politicians almost universally perceived as liars? What made candidate Bill Clinton's draft record more newsworthy than his policy statements? How did George Bush's masculinity, Ronald Reagan's theatrics with a microphone, and Walter Mondale's appropriation of a Wendy's hamburger ad make or break their presidential campaigns? Ever since Watergate, says Thomas E. Patterson, the road to the presidency has led through the newsrooms, which in turn impose their own values on American politics. The results are campaigns that resemble inquisitions or contests in which the candidates' game plans are considered more important than their goals. Lucid and aphoristic, historically informed and as timely as a satellite feed, Out of Order mounts a devastating inquest into the press's hijacking of the campaign process -- and shows what citizens and legislators can do to win it back.
 id : 239833 ISBN : 0752500368  | name : Shakespeare's Love Sonnets  |  description : Shakespeare s sonnets are revered the world over for perfectly capturing the torments and joys of love requited or otherwise in just fourteen lines of iambic pentameter. This treasure of a book collects 29 of the bard s most romantic sonnets, each one lovingly illustrated by the talented Caitlin Keegan. Pretty and contemporary, the illustrations tastefully accentuate the depth of sentiment in each sonnet. A brilliant sun rises over the 17th Sonnet ( Shall I compare thee to a summer s day? ) and a graceful animal adorns the 19th Sonnet ( Devouring time, blunt thou the lion s paws ). Available just in time for Valentine s Day but appropriate for any spontaneous expression of love, this is an ideal, sophisticated gift for the legions of Shakespeare fans.
 id : 239835 ISBN : 0140432086  | name : The Wealth of Nations  |  description : The classic economic treatise that insipired Thomas Piketty's Capital in the Twenty-First Century The publication of The Wealth of Nations in 1776 coincided with America's Declaration of Independence, and with this landmark treatise on political economy, Adam Smith paved the way for modern capitalism, arguing that a truly free market - fired by competition yet guided as if by an 'invisible hand' to ensure justice and equality - was the engine of a fair and productive society. Books I - III of The Wealth of Nations examine the 'division of labour' as the key to economic growth, by ensuring the interdependence of individuals within society. They also cover the origins of money and the importance of wages, profit, rent and stocks, but the real sophistication of his analysis derives from the fact that it encompasses a combination of ethics, philosophy and history to create a vast panorama of society. This edition contains an analytical introduction offering an in-depth discussion of Smith as an economist and social scientist, as well as a preface, further reading and explanatory notes by Andrew Skinner. For more than seventy years, Penguin has been the leading publisher of classic literature in the English-speaking world. With more than 1,700 titles, Penguin Classics represents a global bookshelf of the best works throughout history and across genres and disciplines. Readers trust the series to provide authoritative texts and notes by distinguished scholars and contemporary authors, as well as up-to-date translations by award-winning translators.
 id : 239837 ISBN : 0553381105  | name : Edith's Story  |  description : A Dutch Jew who survived the Holocaust by hiding out with her family in a Protestant household recounts her harrowing ordeal, which culminated with a German officer being billeted in the same house. Reprint. 25,000 first printing.
 id : 239838 ISBN : 0826212123  | name : A Reader's Guide to the Novels of Louise Erdrich  |  description : The largest portion of the book is a dictionary of characters.
 id : 239839 ISBN : 0007104820  | name : Fenian Fire  |  description : A historical investigation into one of the most serpentine attempts on Queen Victoria's life that reveals for the first time the true instigator at the heart of government. There were eight attempts to assassinate Queen Victoria during her long reign; four of them were of Irish origin. The most serious of all was the 'Jubilee Plot', a conspiracy apparently hatched in New York by the Fenian Brotherhood to blow up the Queen, her family and most of the British Cabinet with dynamite at the great service of thanksgiving to commemorate the 50th anniversary of her accession, held at Westminster Abbey in June 1887. The plot was 'uncovered' by Scotland Yard with just a few days to go. Several of the bombers were caught, tried and sentenced to penal servitude for life. But - warned off in time - the master bomber escaped to America... Now, using recently declassified Foreign Office Secret files (marked 'Fenian Brotherhood'), the author discloses for the first time the huge secret at the heart of the British counter-intelligence operation against militant Irish nationalists: the entire conspiracy was masterminded for its own reasons by a clandestine British agency reporting directly to the Prime Minister, Lord Salisbury.
 id : 239840 ISBN : 0061330736  | name : Women and Economics  |  description : This classic of feminist theory relates the evolution of women's economic reliance on men and the system's deleterious effects on both sexes. A landmark treatise in the struggle for gender equality.
 id : 239841 ISBN : 0465059953  | name : Poor Support  |  description : Examines the forms that poverty takes in American families and what can be done to remedy it.
 id : 239842 ISBN : 0060536152  | name : Betty Sweet Tells All  |  description : Scandal has rocked the small Southern town of Poplar Grove, and it all seems to be about Betty Sweet's daughter, Maggie. She's gone and left her husband of nineteen years and taken a job in the local beauty shop...and she's reconnected with her old high school sweetheart! No one is more shocked by Maggie's behavior than her tight-knit Southern family. Her twin seventeen-year-old daughters are mortified, and her grandmother is refusing to speak to her. Of course, Betty is stuck in the middle of it all. But, unexpectedly, Betty meets someone special and soon discovers for herself that the course of true love is never smooth. With a little encouragement from her best friend and some newly discovered inner strength, Betty comes to grips with her own happiness and helps Maggie do the same. Hilarious and heartwarming Betty Sweet Tells All proves even in the most troubled times, true love and family prevail.
 id : 239843 ISBN : 0962863203  | name : From the Center of the Earth  |  description : Maps of exotic, often unfamiliar locales are included in this collection of 9 fictional and 4 autobiographical tales by former Peace Corps members.
 id : 239844 ISBN : 0385334532  | name : Balls  |  description : A regional bestseller that has garnered glowing reviews, Balls tells the story of the rise and fall of a handsome college football coach and the women who love him. Ingeniously told.--The Atlanta Journal-Constitution.
 id : 239847 ISBN : 0915230224  | name : Great Black Kanba  |  description : Carolyn Hart calls this tale of mistaken identity, barking lizards, multiple beaus and murder on a trans-Australia railroad trip one of her five favorite mysteries. The only book the authors set in their native country. First published in 1944. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 239848 ISBN : 0425190072  | name : Waterwoman  |  description : By early childhood, Annie Revels had everyone's role in life figured out but her own. She understood that her mother was ill and needed to be taken care of. That her father was a waterman, a life she envied. And that her little sister, Rebecca, was beautiful. And she was not. When Annie's father suddenly dies, no one questions which sister will take his place aboard the family fishing boat. And for the first time, Annie falls easily into the only place in life she thought she could ever fit in-as a waterwoman.
 id : 239849 ISBN : 015100417X  | name : Twinship  |  description : Long before Dolly the sheep, there were Maxi, Minnie, and a clone called Middle. Maxi Dublin, a cat breeder, is thirty-four, single, and pregnant. She and her mother have been preparing for the birth of Maxi's first child for months, years even. But when the day arrives, something goes horribly wrong. Instead of delivering a healthy newborn, Maxi gives birth to herself-a clone. In the medical world Maxi becomes a cause c'l bre. But when her controlling, eccentric mother, Minnie, kidnaps the clone, all hell breaks loose. The doctors threaten Maxi with lawsuits, the media goes into a feeding frenzy, and the entire nation waits for the latest Maxi, Minnie, and Middle news. Angry but inspired, Maxi enlists the help of Cecilia, a clairvoyant therapist with an uncanny ability to impersonate the Duchess of York. Together they hit the road in hot pursuit of Minnie, so that Maxi can once and for all find . . . herself.
 id : 239850 ISBN : 0751304395  | name : The Classic Asian Cookbook  |  description : Collects over one hundred twenty recipes from Thailand, India, China, Japan, Indonesia, Malaysia, Vietnam, Sri Lanka, Myanmar, Laos, Cambodia, the Philippines, Korea, and Singapore.
 id : 239851 ISBN : 0802115926  | name : The Assault on Tony's  |  description : Trapped for days inside a bar by a race riot, five heavy drinkers find their relationships changing as the supply of alcohol dwindles
 id : 239853 ISBN : 1740592654  | name : Russia & Belarus  |  description : From stunning Caucasian mountains to St Petersburg's grand style, from Muscovite sophistication to Siberia's harsh beauty, immerse yourself in the rich heritage of Russia and Belarus with this in-depth companion. * Make the most of your trip with a unique guide to Russia's Top 50 Experiences * See it all with practical information from climbing volcanoes in the Russian Far East to gallery-hopping round St Petersburg * Find the best places to eat, drink and lay your head at night with extensive listings * Speak easy with a language guide to Russian & Belarusian * Explore far and wide with 123 maps plus comprehensive details on how to get around
 id : 239854 ISBN : 1740594223  | name : Nepal  |  description : Looking for the birthplace of the Buddha, the most exciting elephant ride in the subcontinent, the world's highest bungy jump, the best palace restaurant or just the nearest bus stop? Whether you're seeking spirituality or are moved by the spirit of adventure, this essential guidebook to the "Abodes of Snow" will take you to higher place.
 id : 239855 ISBN : 1864500646  | name : Mongolia  |  description : Expect a rugged adventure in a land of awesome space and magical light. We'll help you find the best campsite by pristine Siberian lakes; communicate with welcoming nomads on the steppes; and navigate your way around the Gobi. -- 44 detailed maps -- the only comprehensive travel guide to this gem of a destination -- practical advice on how to lessen your impact on the land and its nomadic people -- extensive information on getting around -- by horse, jeep, minivan or mountain bike -- with the aid of GPS references -- useful language chapter that will allow you to order boiled mutton like a local
 id : 239857 ISBN : 0060096578  | name : Sacred Wounds  |  description : In this immensely affecting and empowering guide, Jan Goldstein teaches readers how to take their most emotionally painful life events -- their spiritual wounds -- and transform them into a source of power and well-being. Goldstein's life-affirming program is inspired by his own heartbreak: the February morning when he was faced with the sudden news that his twelve-year marriage was ending, leaving Goldstein with primary custody of their three small children. Though paralyzed at first by feelings of loss and depression, Goldstein eventually discovered that the pain allowed him and his children a deeper appreciation for the simple moments of joy -- that his once "broken" family was succeeding not despite its wounds, but because of them. In Sacred Wounds, Goldstein reveals the secret to finding strength in challenging and often traumatic events, outlining a life-changing nine-step process to help readers move through heartache and toward healing. In clear, compassionate language, he refutes the notion of pain as a destroyer, drawing on the compelling stories of many of the people he has counseled along the way: Rick and Sara, who are plagued by infertility; Yvette, an aspiring man who battles her secular desires; Steve, for whom a frightening diagnosis portends the end...and then the beginning of hope. Remarkably affecting and inspiring, Goldstein's stories confirm that we are all well equipped to deal with the inevitable hurts and heartbreaks in life -- if only we release our preconceptions, acknowledge the strengthening power of our wounds, and follow the nine steps to a spiritual rebirth. Indispensable for anyone suffering through spiritual and emotional difficulties, Sacred Wounds is the key to shifting our perceptions and finding new strength and success in the painful experiences we all endure.
 id : 239858 ISBN : 0805060685  | name : Cries Unheard  |  description : England's controversial #1 best-seller. What brings a child to kill another child? In 1968, at age eleven, Mary Bell was tried and convicted of murdering two small boys in Newcastle upon Tyne, England. Gitta Sereny, who covered the sensational trial, never believed the characterization of Bell as the incarnation of evil, the bad seed personified. If we are ever to understand the pressures that lead children to commit serious crimes, Sereny felt, only those children, as adults, can enlighten us. Twenty-seven years after her conviction, Mary Bell agreed to talk to Sereny about her harrowing childhood, her terrible acts, her public trial, and her years of imprisonment-to talk about what was done to her and what she did, who she was and who she became. Nothing Bell says is intended as an excuse for her crimes. But her devastating story forces us to ponder society's responsibility for children at the breaking point, whether in Newcastle, Arkansas, or Oregon. A masterpiece of wisdom and sympathy, Gitta Sereny's wrenching portrait of a girl's damaged childhood and a woman's fight for moral regeneration urgently calls on us to hear the cries of all children at risk.
 id : 239859 ISBN : 1855382288  | name : A Celtic Reader  |  description : From the rich array of history, religion, myth, and story that makes up the Celtic tradition comes this broad-based collection of materials, dating from the earliest eras of the written word to 19th and 20th-century scholarship and investigation. Tales of adventure, magic, mystery, and wonder from pre-Christian Ireland and Arthurian Britain interweave with ancient fables, poetry, excerpts from THE MABINOGION, historical investigations into the ancient past, and modern adaptations of ancient themes.
 id : 239860 ISBN : 0340568674  | name : Sanskrit  |  description : Part of the "Teach Yourself" selection of books that look at a wide variety of subjects in a style designed to appeal to the general reader. This book introduces Sanskrit - the ancient and sacred language of Hindus in India.
 id : 239861 ISBN : 0375753397  | name : Jails, Hospitals, Hip-hop, and Some People  |  description : The script of Hoch's monologue presents the diverse lives and uniques stories of a collection of New Yorkers
 id : 239862 ISBN : 1740596587  | name : Travellers' Tips  |  description : Written by travelers who really know their stuff, this book will answer all the questions you've ever had about hitting the road. â€¢How to get a cold beer in hottest Africa â€¢Why you should never go anywhere without duct tape and a sarong â€¢The best way to start (and end) a holiday romance â€¢How to make your luggage lighter as you travel â€¢What to do on a long-haul flight if the person next to you won't stop talking. â€¢The secretes of child-friendly travel.
 id : 239863 ISBN : 019283617X  | name : On the Genealogy of Morals  |  description : On the Genealogy of Morals (1887) is a book about the history of ethics and about interpretation. Nietzsche rewrites the former as a history of cruelty, exposing the 4entral values of the Judaeo-Christian and liberal traditions - compassion, equality, justice - as the product of a brutal process of conditioning designed to domesticate the animal vitality of earlier cultures. The result is a book which raises profoundly disquieting issues about the violence of both ethics and interpretation. Nietzsche questions moral certainties by showing that religion and science have no claim to absolute truth, before turning on his own arguments in order to call their very presuppositions into question. The Genealogy is the most sustained of Nietzsche's later works and offers one of the fullest expressions of his characteristic concerns. This edition places his ideas within the cultural context of his own time and stresses the relevance of his work for a contemporary audience. - ;`Reason, seriousness, mastery over the emotions, the whole murky affair which goes by the name of thought, all the privileges and showpieces of man: what a high price has been paid for them! How much blood and horror is at the bottom of all "good things!"' On the Genealogy of Morals (1887) is a book about the history of ethics and about interpretation. Nietzsche rewrites the former as a history of cruelty, exposing the central values of the Judaeo-Christian and liberal traditions - compassion, equality, justice - as the product of a brutal process of conditioning designed to domesticate the animal vitality of earlier cultures. The result is a book which raises profoundly disquieting issues about the violence of both ethics and interpretation. Nietzsche questions moral certainties by showing that religion and science have no claim to absolute truth, before turning on his own arguments in order to call their very presuppositions into question. The Genealogy is the most sustained of Nietzsche's later works and offers one of the fullest expressions of his characteristic concerns. This edition places his ideas within the cultural context of his own time and stresses the relevance of his work for a contemporary audience. -
 id : 239864 ISBN : 0066213967  | name : Death in Slow Motion  |  description : Azheimer's is death in slow motion," says Eleanor Cooney in this jarring and unsentimental memoir about caring for her mother, "and it has the ability to kill love while the person you love still breathes." When it was all but certain that her once-glamorous and witty novelist-mother had Alzheimer's, Cooney moved her from her beloved Connecticut home to California in order to care for her. In tense, searing prose, punctuated with the blackest of humor, Cooney documents the slow erosion of her mother's mind, of the powerful bond the two shared, and her own descent into drink and despair. "She was always my favorite person," says Eleanor, "hip, cool, brilliant, funny, sane -- my ultimate confidante and sympathizer." Now, overwhelmed by the Chinese water torture of endless small worries, endlessly repeated, that dementia thrusts on victim and caregiver, Cooney resorts to booze, tranquilizers, and gallows wit to blunt the edges of the relentless loss and the demands of ministering to this devastating disease. But the coping mechanism that finally serves this eloquent writer best is writing, the ability to bring to vivid life the memories her mother is losing. As her mother gropes in the gathering darkness for a grip on the world she once loved, succeeding only in conjuring sad fantasies of places and times with her dead husband, Cooney revisits their true past. Death in Slow Motion becomes the mesmerizing story of Eleanor's actual childhood, straight out of the pages of John Cheever; the daring and vibrant mother she remembers; and a time that no longer exists for either of them. Deeply moving, shockingly honest, and framed by wounded love, Cooney's tale reveals in remorseless prose the true nature of the beast called Alzheimer's, and with it, the arcane processes of the writer's craft and of a splendid mind's disintegration. "Alzheimer's," Cooney writes, "you'll never be the same once it's paid you a visit."
 id : 239865 ISBN : 0195545605  | name : The Australian Pocket Oxford Dictionary  |  description : "Based on The pocket Oxford dictionary of current English. First edited by F.G. and H.W. Fowler'.
 id : 239867 ISBN : 074320025X  | name : Fly-Fishing for Sharks  |  description : For three years, journalist Richard Louv listened to America by going fishing with Americans. Doing what many of us dream of, he traveled from the Atlantic to the Pacific, from trout waters east and west to bass waters north and south. Fly-Fishing for Sharks is the result of his journey, a portrait of America on the water, fishing rod in hand. To explore the cultures of fishing, Louv joined a bass tournament on Lake Erie and got a casting lesson from fly-fishing legend Joan Wulff He angled with corporate executives in Montana and fly-fished for sharks in California. He spent time with fishing-boat captains in Florida, the regulars who fish New York City's Hudson River, and a river witch in Colorado. He teamed secrets of fishing and living from steelheaders in the Northwest, Bass'n Gals in Texas, and an ice-fisher in the North Woods. Along the way, he heard from one of Hemingway's sons what it was like to fish with Papa and from Robert Kennedy, Jr., how fishing changed his fife. As he describes the eccentricities, obsessions, and tribulations of dedicated anglers, he also uncovers the values that unite them. He reveals the healing qualities of fishing, how it binds the generations, how the angling business has grown, and how the future of fishing is threatened. But most of all, Fly-Fishing for Sharks is about the unforgettable characters Louv meets on the water and the stories they tell. From them, Louv learns about our changing relationship with nature, about a hidden America -- and about himself.
 id : 239869 ISBN : 0595178758  | name : Waking to Tears  |  description : An unspoken epidemic is plaguing today's society. For every violent act there is a growing population of loved ones whose lives have been forever changed. They are the countless people left behind by murder victims and emotionally abandoned by society. A collection of courageous and powerful stories, Waking To Tears, exposes the depths of souls filled with pain, grief and hope. An honest journey that will: -Inspire the spirit -Explore deepest emotions -Evoke a sense of compassion -Awaken society to the reality of the long-term effects of losing a loved one to violence.
 id : 239871 ISBN : 0684814420  | name : Hands Off  |  description : Lee shows why the government cannot manage the economy--and what Americans can learn from its failure. Based not only on theory but also on the actual experience of people trying to cope with ever-changing, often contradictory policies, Hands Off introduces general readers to the economic ideas that will shape the next generation's understanding of what government can and cannot do.
 id : 239874 ISBN : 1840183772  | name : Enigma Variations  |  description : This text takes its name from the Enigma enciphering machine at Britain's top-secret inteeligence headquarters. It is a portrait of life in the shadow of war. It reveals the humour and tragedy surrounding the mysterious intelligence community.
 id : 239876 ISBN : 044900175X  | name : Hole in the Water  |  description : In the shadow of his father's death, Chuck has come home. With his new wife, Gretchen, and his stepdaughter, Kara--and a dark past he cannot escape. For on a desolate island in Lake Superior, the people who have known Chuck longest revile him most. Now, layer by terrifying layer, Gretchen begins to uncover the chilling sins long hidden in her husband's heart. Is Chuck the innocent man he claims to be, or is he a killer? Blinded by fear, trapped by water, Gretchen and Kara take desperate flight for their lives in this "People" page-turner of the week.
 id : 239878 ISBN : 0971819157  | name : Pick-up Lines  |  description : Searching for a dream girl brings a self-proclaimed player more than he bargains for. Told from a male and female perspective, Pick-Up Lines introduces us to two twenty-somethings in search of happiness. At the onset, each tries to resolve the issues in their lives. For Leron, the complication is a one-nightstand who refuses to go away and whose psychotic tendencies flare when rejected.
 id : 239879 ISBN : 0878222448  | name : Relaxation Dynamics  |  description : This book is designed for therapists, clients, students, and the general public. It is divided up into two sections. Section one provides instructions, explanations, and guidelines for nine world approaches to self-relaxation. This section is written in nontechnical terms and is great for beginners. Section two outlines a variety of training programs and presents important historical and technical information.
 id : 239881 ISBN : 0028637011  | name : 7 Minute Resumes  |  description : Features: advice for choosing the best resume style and format for you; guidance for highlighting your specific job skills and work experiences; instructions for targeting a resume to a specific career or industry; tips for making any job history look its best.
 id : 239886 ISBN : 0007158130  | name : Count Your Blessings  |  description : In this book, the author shows readers how they can get healing that is deeper than any physical or psychological wound, more powerful than any negative thoughts, beliefs, or fears.
 id : 239888 ISBN : 1891411020  | name : Merlin's Message  |  description : A companion handbook for creating your own Camelot and mastering the craft of creator. You have in your hands the ability to create, shape or mold any reality into being. The very same energy that creates and flows through the entire infinite cosmos, flows through you. It is how you flow this life-giving energy that determines your life experience.
 id : 239889 ISBN : 0070531323  | name : Product Innovation Strategy, Pure and Simple: How Winning Companies Outpace Their Competitors  |  description : Drawing on 10 years of research into successful product development, the author goes beyond tips and techniques to provide a unique process of product innovation that encompasses four key steps--search, assessment, development and pursuit. Filled with anecdotes and case histories, this guide puts a revitalized future within the reach of every organization. Illustrations.
 id : 239890 ISBN : 0312205171  | name : Courage  |  description : Courage is not the absence of fear, says Osho. It is, rather, the total presence of fear, with the courage to face it. This book provides a bird's-eye view of the whole terrain-where fears originate, how to understand them, and how to find the courage to face them. In the process, Osho proposes that whenever we are faced with uncertainty and change in our lives, it is actually a cause for celebration. Instead of trying to hang on to the familiar and the known, we can learn to enjoy these situations as opportunities for adventure and for deepening our understanding of ourselves and the world around us. The book begins with an in-depth exploration of the meaning of courage and how it is expressed in the everyday life of the individual. Unlike books that focus on heroic acts of courage in exceptional circumstances, the focus here is on developing the inner courage that enables us to lead authentic and fulfilling lives on a day-to-day basis. This is the courage to change when change is needed, the courage to stand up for our own truth, even against the opinions of others, and the courage to embrace the unknown in spite of our fears-in our relationships, in our careers, or in the ongoing journey of understanding who we are and why we are here. Courage also features a number of meditation techniques specifically designed by Osho to help people deal with their fears.
 id : 239891 ISBN : 0007161484  | name : The ABC of Enlightenment  |  description : Here is a basic and practical language of words and terms that enlighten and empower readers to achieve a better spiritual life.
 id : 239892 ISBN : 0394703626  | name : Lincoln and His Generals  |  description : Evaluates Lincoln's ability as a director of war and his influence on the development of a modern command system.
 id : 239896 ISBN : 1579541003  | name : Divine Interventions  |  description : Dan Millman, the best-selling author of Way of the Peaceful Warrior, now brings his unique and heartfelt approach to a collection of stories, from around the world and throughout time, to comfort, inspire, and intrigue. Written with colleague and friend Doug Childers, Divine Interventions--a "spiitual X-Files" of 50 documented stories--provides compelling evidence that our world is far more mysterious than it appears.
 id : 239897 ISBN : 0515088471  | name : Grave Mistake  |  description : Greengages Hotel is a sumptuous sanctuary for the super-rich--until its most pampered hypochondriac finds a cure and then loses her life. Was it a clear case of suicide--or a cold-blooded murder? Scotland Yard sends Superintendent Alleyn to find out, and he is about to knock on the gilded gates where murder has paid a call.
 id : 239898 ISBN : 0451521471  | name : Main Street  |  description : "This is America-a town of a few thousand, in a region of wheat and corn and dairies and little groves." So Sinclair Lewis-recipient of the Nobel Prize and rejecter of the Pulitzer-prefaces his novel Main Street. Lewis is brutal in his depictions of the self-satisfied inhabitants of small-town America, a place which proves to be merely an assemblage of pretty surfaces, strung together and ultimately empty.
 id : 239901 ISBN : 1565100816  | name : Puritanism  |  description : Offers differing views on such issues as establishing the ideal community, the relationship of the individual to the community, and dealing with others of different faiths
 id : 239902 ISBN : 0812919424  | name : Scandal  |  description : An authority on political ethics examines the world of post-Watergate Washington, analyzing past and present scandals, personalities involved and assessing the consequences for American government
 id : 239903 ISBN : 0394550374  | name : The House on Moon Lake  |  description : "Fabrizio Garrone is an impoverished but aristocratic translator who has been living a life of quiet desperation in Milan. He feels underappreciated for his work, ambivalent toward his girlfriend, and tormented by a persistent sense of having been cheated by life. But when he reads about a lost Viennese novel (The House on Moon Lake) in the journals of a late esteemed literary critic, he dreams that this project will put him on the cultural and literary map, and finally bring him the accolades that have eluded him."--Jacket of 2000 ed.
 id : 239906 ISBN : 0553212648  | name : Sister Carrie  |  description : Theodore Dreiser's first and perhaps most accessible novel, Sister Carrie is an epic of urban life - the story of an innocent heroine adrift in an indifferent city. When small-town girl Carrie Meeber sets out for Chicago, she is equipped with nothing but a few dollars, a certain unspoiled beauty and charm, and a pitiful lack of preparation for the complex moral choices she will face.
 id : 239907 ISBN : 0553581759  | name : Blind Spot  |  description : While defending entrepreneur Aaron Best, accused in the grisly killing of a millionaire trophy wife, criminal defense attorney Jackie Flowers uncovers a series of decapitation murders that could either free her client or condemn him as a serial killer.
 id : 239908 ISBN : 0151524203  | name : Lines of Light  |  description : Brahe, a young scientist perceives mathematically, geometrically, seeing objects before he sees people. Suddenly a famous writer enters his life, seeing the world the same way.
 id : 239911 ISBN : 0140171177  | name : The House of Doctor Dee  |  description : This novel centres on the famous 16th-century alchemist and astrologer John Dee. Reputedly a black magician, he was imprisoned by Queen Mary for allegedly attempting to kill her through sorcery. When Matthew Palmer inherits an old house in Clerkenwell, he feels that he has become part of its past.
 id : 239913 ISBN : 0719572231  | name : IGCSE Business Studies  |  description : A core business studies text covering all the components of the IGCSE syllabus. The text assumes no prior familiarity with the subject. Examples from carefully selected, relevant business situations are used to illustrate concepts and theories. Study skills and examination technique are supported by common-sense advice from the examiners, and there are guided opportunities to practise typical examination questions.
 id : 239914 ISBN : 0821721127  | name : Stranger in Two Worl  |  description : In her stunning New York Times bestseller, Jean Harris details her journey from headmistress to prison inmate. On March l0, l980, her life changed dramatically when the bullets intended for her struck down her longtime lover, the Scarsdale Diet doctor, Herman Tarnower. Now in her own words Jean Harris tells the true and unforgettable story of her tragedy and personal triumph.
 id : 239915 ISBN : 0786006404  | name : Mail Order Murder  |  description : Widower Jack Reeves found his wife, Emelita Villa, in a magazine offering mail-order brides from the Philippines. When Emelita's friends reported her missing on October 11, 1994, police made some grisly discoveries about Reeves's first three marriages--and suspected him of killing at least two of his wives. As a result, Reeves was convicted on two counts of murder and was sent to prison for 99 years. Photos.
 id : 239916 ISBN : 0446603430  | name : Sarah's Song  |  description : Janice and Bill were the perfect couple. They met during college, got married and began promising careers. But in 1987 their storybook life was shattered forever when they were diagnosed with HIV. Janice explains how they coped.
 id : 239917 ISBN : 0446347728  | name : McMahon!  |  description : In his own uncensored words, Jim McMahon tells all about his part in the stunning Super Bowl XX victory, his uncoventional style on the field and off, plus a special bonus for this edition only: all-new material about the rest of the 1986 season and predictions for Super Bowl XXII. Updated with two additional chapters.
 id : 239918 ISBN : 0822506378  | name : American Assassins  |  description : Traces the lives and motives of thirteen men who assassinated or attempted to assassinate leading figures in American history, including several Presidents.
 id : 239919 ISBN : 1580080758  | name : The Career Guide for Creative and Unconventional People  |  description : Career expert Eikleberry escorts readers through a proven step-by-step program, including choosing a career based on one's own creative personality, and offers real-life stories
 id : 239920 ISBN : 0525936548  | name : O Little Town of Maggody  |  description : When country music superstar Matt Montana returns to his small, depressed Arkansas hometown for a holiday benefit concert, a record company executive soon turns up murdered, prompting Sheriff Arly Hanks to investigate. 20,000 first printing.
 id : 239928 ISBN : 0940159708  | name : Night of the Devil  |  description : On the evening of Sunday, August 25, 1963, a group of revelers drove into the small town of Lodi, New Jersey, bound for a local tavern called the Angel Lounge. Hours later, bullets ripped through the smoky air of the bar. When the carnage ended, two Lodi police officers were dead. Their killers had escaped. The close-knit community of Lodi, shattered by the crime, would never be the same. Nor would the families of the victims: Sergeant Peter Voto, who left behind a wife and three children, and 22-year-old Gary Tedesco, whose career in law enforcement had barely begun when his life was brutally cut short. The people of Lodi vowed that the killers would pay for what they had done. One of the hoodlums was shot and killed two days after the murders. The other, Thomas Trantino, was imprisoned and sentenced to die for his crime. But Trantino would not be put to death in New Jersey; nor would he spend the rest of his life in prison. After being incarcerated for almost 40 years, and earning the distinction of being the longest-serving prisoner in the New Jersey penal system, Thomas Trantino ultimately walked out of prison a free man.
 id : 239929 ISBN : 0595291589  | name : Remembering Who You Really Are  |  description : " A wonderfully honest, lyrically written and profoundly insightful discussion of the most essential of all human endeavors, the journey to know oneself."-Richard Moss, author/teacher; The Second Miracle There's A Secret Waiting For You Behind Life's Questions, Struggles, And Searches There is a voice calling to us through the passageways of our normal everyday living, calling us to look and listen more deeply, calling us home to the fullness of our True Nature. It whispers through the heart of our desires; it calls through the sound of our worries and confusion; it cries out through the devastation of life crises, ushering us to the entrance of the invisible doorway of Love Itself, as we ask the important life questions: "What is my life's purpose?" "What is the meaning behind my struggles?" "Why am I here?" Ronda Ackles LaRue, noted artist and business consultant, takes you right in with her in this lucid and vulnerable exposé, as she enters into an intimate process of life crisis, spiritual struggle, and the search for meaning that foreshadowed her awakening into the fullness of Being. With an unusual mix of transparency, humor, shining clarity, deep intelligence, and poetic juice, Re-membering Who You Really Are takes you in like a good novel and won't let you go until you too hear the music of All. www.rondalarue.com
 id : 239933 ISBN : 0451627229  | name : Points of View  |  description : Since its original publication in 1966, this volume has attained classic status. Now its contents have been updated and its cultural framework enlarged by the orginal editors. Many of the 44 stories come from a new writing generation with a contemporary consciousness, and this brilliant blending of masters of the past and the brightest talents of the present achieves the goal of making a great collection even greater. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 239938 ISBN : 087338668X  | name : I've Seen the Elephant  |  description : He regales readers with stories about hopping a freight train when he was in the sixth grade, insights on being elected to the United States Senate, commentary on serving as Nixon's attorney general at the height of the Watergate scandal, and descriptions of life as the U.S. ambassador to India.".
 id : 239939 ISBN : 8401474523  | name : El resplandor  |  description : Terrible events occur at an isolated hotel in the off-season, when a small boy with psychic powers struggles to defend against the evil that is driving his father insane. Terribles eventos ocurren en un hotel aislado durante la temporada baja, cuando un nino pequeno, con poderes psiquicos lucha por defenderse de la maldad que esta enloqueciendo a su padre.
 id : 239940 ISBN : 0380730243  | name : Picture of Her Tombstone  |  description : Carroll Dorsey's business has gone downhill since his first notorious caper, and his love life is in intensive care, so it's with some sense of relief that he gets gainful employment tracking down a missing granddaughter for an elderly lady. But this routing case will lead Dorsey into the muck of Pittsburgh's booze-and-dope-fueled underground, and finally into a confrontation with some nasty skeletons in his own family's closet. Martin's Press.
 id : 239941 ISBN : 0380794233  | name : Burial Ground  |  description : A wealthy man hires Dr. Alan Graham's firm to search for a Tunica Indian burial site that might be located on his plantation. To support his story, the client hands Alan ancient trinkets that were found on the land by an eccentric tenant. Alan accepts the job, but soon, the owner is dead and the tenant is missing. As Alan and P.E. Courtney, a Harvard-educated Yankee, trudge through a remote forest and bayou, they are pursued by an unseen enemy who intends on making Alan and P.E. a permanent part of the burial ground.
 id : 239943 ISBN : 096781622X  | name : Ong's Hat  |  description : Has the great world-mind of the telecommunication infrastructure begun to breed its own myths? The elusiveness of the Incunabula's original proponents, Emory Cranston (a pseudonym) and Joseph Matheny (his real name), has spawned wild speculation that the Ong's Hat legend is nothing but a media hoax. However there is a dark side to this story that has never been fully told, which may help explain their circumspection. What began as an heretical Islamic sect founded in the early 1900s by Black circus magician, Noble Drew Ali, evolved over the century into a techno-tantric commune whose members managed to escape this befouled world into a pristine, Edenic parallel universe, a New Jersey Pine Barrens devoid of inhabitants. This latter rag-tag group built the 'Egg' -- a glistening Faberge-like device that enabled trans-dimensional travel into unpopulated mirror worlds (per the Everett-Wheeler-Graham model). A special quantum-tantric feature allowed passage for two occupants while they made love, irrespective of their race, age or gender. But wait, there's more! Add to this mix a benevolent race of humanoids descended from Javanese lemurs on a parallel Earth, capable of dimensional shift without machinery, who have been world tripping for thousands of years. You've got your chaos; sex magick; applied quantum physics; shadow conspiracy; crypto-palaeontology and enlightenment hopes all wrapped up in one neat package. What the Hell more do you want?
 id : 239944 ISBN : 0688155014  | name : The First Partner--hillary Rodham Clinton  |  description : In 1998, Hillary Rodham Clinton became the most admired woman in America while also becoming the most visibly wronged wife in the world. Standing by her husband, President Bill Clinton, as she and the nation learned the truth behind the Monica Lewinsky scandal, the First Lady assumed two roles--dutiful spouse and passionate defense attorney--which she had played on numerous occasions during the course of their tumultuous yet politically unified relationship. Now esteemed biographer and journalist Joyce Milton examines this formidable, fascinating woman, giving probing insight into the First Lady's character, her values and her career. In The First Partner, Milton goes behind the scenes at the Clinton White House and explores the First Lady's involvement in Travelgate, Filegate, the Health Care Task Force fiasco and fund-raising for the 1996 presidential campaign, showing how these controversies grew out of the tensions in her political partnership with Bill Clinton. Milton also describes how Mrs. Clinton's defensive reactions to her husband's chronic infidelities have often misfired and have sometimes enabled his bad behavior. She examines the differing psychologies of the President and First Lady, yet shows that when faced with political accusations, they take a similar approach of telling only as much of the truth as is necessary--a reaction that has increasingly gotten them into trouble. Meticulously reported and researched, The First Partner offers keen new understanding of this complex woman who has infuriated and confounded as many people as she has inspired.
 id : 239945 ISBN : 0060916834  | name : The First Circle  |  description : Set in Moscow during a three-day period in December 1949, The First Circle is the story of the prisoner Gleb Nerzhin, a brilliant mathematician. At the age of thirty-one, Nerzhin has survived the war years on the German front and the postwar years in a succession of Russian prisons and labor camps. His story is interwoven with the stories of a dozen fellow prisoners - each an unforgettable human being - from the prison janitor to the tormented Marxist intellectual who designed the Dnieper dam; of the reigning elite and their conflicted subordinates; and of the women, wretched or privileged, bound to these men. A landmark of Soviet literature, The First Circle is as powerful today as it was when it was first published, nearly thirty years ago.
 id : 239947 ISBN : 037321717X  | name : Special Deliveries  |  description : This two-in-one volume contains stories of soon-to-be mothers. In "This Child is Mine", Lina Prescott and Webb Harper find themselves engaged in a battle of law and love over their unborn child. In "Cameron", bitter Britt Cameron finds love, and fatherhood, with lonely schoolteacher Anna Rose Palmer.
 id : 239949 ISBN : 1893554228  | name : Fighting the Mafia and Renewing Sicilian Culture  |  description : Fueled by profits from the international heroin trade, this mafia gangsteristica embarked on a reign of terror that made Sicily into an Italian Lebanon and filled the international press with pictures of bloody bodies - not just those of Mafia rivals of the Corleonesi, but of police and government officials as well.".
 id : 239951 ISBN : 0385413572  | name : God Gave Us this Country  |  description : Looks at the fifty year period during which the whites broke the Indian nations, and offers profiles to Tecumseh and other leaders who influenced that era
 id : 239952 ISBN : 0743203143  | name : No More Words  |  description : In 1999 Anne Morrow Lindbergh, the famed aviator and author, moved from her home in Connecticut to the farm in Vermont where her daughter, Reeve, and Reeve's family live. Mrs. Lindbergh was in her nineties and had been rendered nearly speechless years earlier by a series of small strokes that also left her frail and dependent on others for her care. As an accomplished author who had learned to write in part by reading her mother's many books, Reeve was deeply saddened and frustrated by her inability to communicate with her mother, a woman long recognized in her family and throughout the world as a gifted communicator. No More Words is a moving and compassionate memoir of the final seventeen months of Reeve's mother's life. Reeve writes with great sensitivity and sympathy for her mother's plight, while also analyzing her own conflicting feelings. Anyone who has had to care for an elderly parent disabled by Alzheimer's or stroke will understand immediately the heartache and anguish Reeve suffered and will find comfort in her story.
 id : 239953 ISBN : 1579543464  | name : Feeling Good Is Good for You  |  description : The media love to report how sex, laughter, and other simple pleasures are good for you. And you love to hear it. But is inciting pleasure a legitimate medical prescription for boosting a person's immunity? Can you literally fight off infection with a smile? Researchers Carl Charnetski and Francis Brennan say yes, and in Feeling Good Is Good for You they present a convincing amount of evidence to support this comforting claim. Drawing on the results from hundreds of studies, including their own extensively publicized findings, the authors explain the science behind the connection between pleasure and the immune system, and suggest fun ways to receive its full benefits. Feeling Good is Good for You addresses one of the most fundamental questions in medicine: How can we better teach our bodies to protect us from disease? A virtual explosion of information has emerged in recent years about the wide range of factors that can influence health. But some of the most promising research focuses on the role the mind plays in influencing the body. As this book reveals, the power that positive thought, joy, and emotional well-being have over the body's immune system is not only measurable but influential. Pleasure not only feels good, it does good things to our bodies. It promotes good health and helps protect us against disease. Anyone can boost their immunity by accepting the Immunity-Pleasure Connection. When the payoff is pure pleasure, what's not to like?
 id : 239954 ISBN : 083175804X  | name : Martial Arts of the Orient  |  description : Reveals the techniques and origins of martial arts such as karate, kung fu, judo, and sumo wrestling
 id : 239955 ISBN : 1840183896  | name : Cover-up of Convenience  |  description : On December 21 1988, 270 people died when Pan Am 103 was blown out of the sky over Lockerbie. Finally, after 11 years of investigation, political stalemate and legal delays, two Libyan men prepare to face trial for the Lockerbie bombing. But many observers - including legal and law enforcement officials close to the case - say the trial may not produce a satisfying answer to the question of who bombed Pan Am 103.
 id : 239956 ISBN : 089281490X  | name : Ayurveda: A Life of Balance  |  description : This book is a profound but practical testament to the healing power of balanced living and shows how Ayurveda's ancient principles of health can help you achieve the highest levels of physical, emotional, and spiritual well-being. Cancer survivor Maya Tiwari provides a thorough profile of the seven body types and the foods best suited to each. Her book is the first to include a complete discussion of the personality or psychospiritual attributes of the Ayurvedic body types, as well as food charts, seasonal menus, and recommended daily routines for each type. A chapter on sadhanas focuses on activities of the hearth, home, garden, and community that activate our "cognitive memory" of right living. An extensive section of uncomplicated recipes, keyed to the body types, and another on home remedies help provide a painless transition to a healthier and more fulfilling lifestyle.
 id : 239958 ISBN : 0871138387  | name : Labyrinth  |  description : Offers an expose of the link between the LAPD Rampart scandal and gang violence and controversial rap celebrities, describing how members of the LAPD became involved in criminal activities and how high-level officials covered it up.
 id : 239961 ISBN : 087131942X  | name : Dead End  |  description : Here is the story of Sante Kimes, a cold-blooded, calculating killer who lived according to her own mad rules, conned her way into millions with logic, cunning, and subterfuge and left a cross-country trail of bodies. Dragging her brain-washed and beloved son into her devious and passionate acquisition of houses, furs, and cars, she indoctrinated the boy into the subtle craft of thievery -- and murder. The focus of this book is the trial and conviction of Sante and Kenneth Kimes for the bizarre murder of Irene Silverman, whose New York mansion they were attempting to steal. The fascination lies in the amazing story of Sante Kimes -- a woman whose sociopathic tendencies know no bounds -- and whose dedication to evil has few equals.
 id : 239962 ISBN : 1571741631  | name : Neale Donald Walsch on Relationships  |  description : We are all involved in relationships. Indeed, we are all in relationship with everything and everyone, all of the time. We have a relationship with ourselves, with our family, with our environment, with our work, with each other. Everything that we know and experience about ourselves, we understand within the context created by our relationships. For this reason, relationships are sacred--all relationships. And somewhere within the deepest reaches of our heart and soul, we know it. That is why we yearn so for relationships--and for relationships of meaning. It is also, no doubt, why we have such trouble with them. At some level, we must be very clear how much is at stake. Yet it is possible to have joyful relationships, and the extraordinary insights in theConversations with Godbooks show us how. Neale Donald Walsch on Relationshipsis inspirational, humorous, and practical. Neale examines the patterns that hinder our ability to build and maintain successful relationships; teaches us to move beyond restrictive ways of relating; and explores different types of relationships--with God, with self, with others--demonstrating how they all affect and enhance each other. If you want help in understanding relationships, here is a usable, powerful--and entertaining--key to opening the door to awareness.
 id : 239963 ISBN : 1571741658  | name : Neale Donald Walsch on Holistic Living  |  description : I have learned about life that when we live wholly, we live holy. I have been searching for ways to live my life as a whole person, as an integrated being, for twenty-five years. The first thing I came to understand was that, if I am to live an integrated life, I must become far more integrated with my environment. That is, I must become one with it, and treat it as if it were a part of me, not something from which I was separate, and which was separate from me. Holistic living means being aware that I am part of a whole system, a whole idea, a whole reality, and that everything I think, say, and do affects that reality--indeed, at some level, creates it. Are we able to coexist with nature, the universe, and our fellow human beings? Can we live lives that are joyous, harmonious, and largely pain-free? Do we have the ability to tell the truth and change what doesn't work? Neale Donald Walsch thinks so. Living well--physically, mentally, and spiritually--is within our grasp, should we choose to do so. Here are some practical and inspirational ideas for achieving those goals.
 id : 239964 ISBN : 0340765119  | name : Control-shift  |  description : In their new home in the country, Graham and small sister Matty sense terrifying secrets are hidden there. Graham's father works on a state-of-the-art computer-guided weapons system for the future - shortly to be shown to the big players in the international weapons market. Troubled by the shifting presences and his small sister's conversations with an unseen young man she calls Paul, Graham looks for the key to the past. What the uncovers shakes the foundations of his existence: a secret First World War research establishment using British military prisoners as guinea-pigs, a young man executed for speaking out. Past and future come together when his father is arrested for treason: the codes for the new weapons' operating system have been published on the Internet. By his father? Or, as Graham believes, the final act of 'a young man who felt he'd failed in his own life and has seen the demons driven away in ours...'
 id : 239966 ISBN : 0399523251  | name : Party Fare  |  description : 100 crowd-pleasing recipes, tips, and hints to make entertaining fun and healthy.
 id : 239967 ISBN : 0399523235  | name : 30 Meals / 30 Minutes  |  description : 120 simple recipes and menus to let you get healthy, delicious food on the table fast.
 id : 239968 ISBN : 1564026590  | name : Where's Waldo? in Hollywood  |  description : The reader is invited to find Waldo in the detailed illustrations of several crowded Hollywood movie sets.
 id : 239969 ISBN : 0805425853  | name : Home Schooling  |  description : Since its original publication in 1995, this is the number one resource for home schooling that belongs on every parent's reference shelf. Home Schooling: The Right Choice will remove all doubts in the mind of the reader about the effectiveness of home schooling. Anyone already home schooling or thinking about it will want to read this excellent and very practical book.
 id : 239972 ISBN : 0394576381  | name : Good Gossip  |  description : Characters such as Rosemary, a fly on the wall of an illegally sublet Manhattan apartment, reveal the inside gossip and values of the New York yuppie generation in eleven short interlocking stories. A first collection. Tour.
 id : 239976 ISBN : 0882821970  | name : Canine Caper  |  description : Describes how Rose Block has tried to end cruelty to animals by taking in abandoned animals and rescuing pets from abusive owners.
 id : 239977 ISBN : 0385021291  | name : Just So Stories  |  description : Twelve stories about animals, insects, and other subjects include "How the Alphabet Was Made," "How the Camel Got His Hump," and "The Elephant's Child."
 id : 239980 ISBN : 0425155757  | name : Leaving Missouri  |  description : Told in a voice every bit as entertaining as it is richly authentic, this is the unforgettable story of Chrysanthemum Clutie Mae Chestnut, a spirited young woman of the late 19th century who refused to be broken by the hard life she was born to. Along the way she shot a husband, fell in love with a pistolero, befriended Frank James and Queen Victoria, and traveled across the country and beyond.
 id : 239981 ISBN : 0802733301  | name : Nothing But the Night  |  description : A new novel by the creator of the "Nameless Detective" series. Nick Hendryx rides the night, comfortable and in control, searching for the man in the ragged sketch he carries in his wallet--the man who lost control of his car and put Nick's wife, Annalisa, into a coma.
 id : 239984 ISBN : 0843944404  | name : Trouble Man  |  description : Despite having put his past as a gunfighter far behind him, Ray Coyle, now a sharpshooter in a traveling Wild West show, resolves to smoke out a killer, when word reaches him that his son has been shot. Original.
 id : 239985 ISBN : 1879360306  | name : One Particular Harbor  |  description : Janet Lee James is only twenty-three years old and just beginning a career as a rock 'n' roll disc-jockey when she is diagnosed with MS. Hoping she'll be one of the vast majority of those who go on to lead full, productive lives relatively undisturbed by the disease, she takes off alone for the wilds of Alaska, leaving home, work, and family behind to live out her dream of a life filled with excitement and adventure. Janet spends the next several years amidst the spectacular beauty of the Alaskan wilderness, migrating with the change in seasons from her log cabin in the woods to a tiny fishing village on the coast. Her summers are spent climbing glaciers, fishing for crab, and sailing classic schooners. Winters are filled with dogsled racing, hot-air ballooning, and putting out to sea on a working ship. The MS begins to re-assert itself, however, in a chronic pattern of attacks and remissions, and she struggles to adjust - even submitting to twenty-six barehanded operations by the psychic surgeons of the Philippine Islands. As the disease progresses in rare, unexpected ways, a wheelchair finally becomes a necessity. She then enters a rehabilitation center and provides us with a graphic, unflinching look at what it takes to prepare for life with a serious disability. Janet James's penchant for black humor, cold beer, and handsome men results in numerous outsized tales. Her story is a frank, detailed account of life with a profound disability - a rare example of what MS can do. But through it all, she reminds us that life, regardless of its circumstances, truly is whatever we choose to make it.
 id : 239986 ISBN : 0671731793  | name : Stay of Execution  |  description : Running for reelection as Los Angeles County District Attorney and grieving over his wife's death in a fiery car accident, George Keegan decides to prosecute an explosive--and potentially fateful--murder case himself. Original.
 id : 239988 ISBN : 0671757083  | name : Alibi for an Actress  |  description : Annie McGrogan and ex-cop Sonny Gandolfo are hired to protect Lucinda Merrill, the sexy star of a popular daytime soap, from a threatening fan. Reprint. NYT.
 id : 239990 ISBN : 0515123412  | name : Denver Desperadoes  |  description : No one is better ar firing and dodging bullets than the Gunsmith.
 id : 239991 ISBN : 0899197582  | name : December Stillness  |  description : Fourteen-year-old Kelly tries to befriend Mr. Weems, a disturbed, homeless Vietnam War veteran who spends his days in her suburban library, though the man makes it clear he wants to be left alone.
 id : 239994 ISBN : 0802707262  | name : The Mischievous Spinster  |  description : Julia Radcliffe and her fiance, Colin, Lord Neville, set out to overcome the opposition of his mother and the marital plans of his brother
 id : 239995 ISBN : 0789454114  | name : DK Readers L1: Big Machines  |  description : Crash! Scrape! Scrunch! A new park is being built. See big machines in action and find out what they do. Stunning photographs combine with lively illustrations and engaging, age-appropriate stories in DK Readers, a multilevel reading program guaranteed to capture children's interest while developing their reading skills and general knowledge. With DK Readers, children will learn to read—then read to learn!
 id : 239996 ISBN : 0883490781  | name : Hostage to the Devil  |  description : Contemplation of the ocean at Stradbroke Island, Queensland.
 id : 239999 ISBN : 0307626296  | name : Little Critter at Scout Camp  |  description : Little Critter describes his first experiences at scout camp, making new friends, learning about plants and animals, listening to ghost stories, and making gifts for his mother, father, and sister
 id : 240000 ISBN : 0892965851  | name : A Dead Man Out of Mind  |  description : When a female priest becomes the vicar of St. Margaret's Church, she must contend with the seemingly accidental death of a parishioner
 id : 240001 ISBN : 0916119580  | name : Under the Sky  |  description : Repetitive, predictable story lines and illustrations that match the text provide maximum support to the emergent reader. Engaging stories promote reading comprehension, and easy and fun activities on the inside back covers extend learning. Great for Reading First, Fluency, Vocabulary, Text Comprehension, and ESL/ELL!
 id : 240004 ISBN : 1890208728  | name : Sound Tracks  |  description : Liza Romero makes a living hauling cargo to the small ports around Wrangell, Alaska. She investigates when people begin disappearing and the whales and dolphins of Sumner Strait become dangerously disoriented.
 id : 240006 ISBN : 1572232188  | name : Just Goldens  |  description : A smaller version of the popular 10 x 8-inch Just Goldens. What's more lovable than a golden retriever? Its gorgeous flowing coat, big brown eyes and sweet disposition make this dog the favorite of millions. Just Goldens, with over 200 color photographs and eloquent text, is an affectionate look at the dog that brightens its owners' days and enriches their homes with its tail-wagging, heart-warming presence. Featuring the remarkable work of award-winning photographer Dale C. Spartas, this collection is stunning in its depiction of goldens at home, afield, and at play.
 id : 240007 ISBN : 0816743754  | name : Pig at Play  |  description : At first the too-short, too-slow Pig gets cut from the basketball team. But hard work pays off when Pig wins the game!
 id : 240008 ISBN : 1559585226  | name : Antioxidants  |  description : Explains what antioxidants are and how they help the body fight disease and aging
 id : 240010 ISBN : 1879682117  | name : 50 Simple Things You Can Do to Save Your Life  |  description : From the publishers of 50 Simple Things You Can Do to Save the Earth, a "one-stop" healthcare guide offering sound advice on everything from cancer to cataracts, fitness to fire safety. Compiled in the clear, direct, entertaining and nonjudgmental style EarthWorks is famous for.
 id : 240011 ISBN : 051606004X  | name : The Sun's Family of Planets  |  description : Provides brief information about each of the nine planets that makes up our solar system.
 id : 240016 ISBN : 0553050540  | name : When Am I Going to be Happy?  |  description : Discusses the negative emotional habits that cause unhappiness--including guilt, anger, depression, loneliness, and jealousy--and offers hope and practical techniques to change these negative behaviors
 id : 240017 ISBN : 0312961820  | name : Murder Most British  |  description : From the Golden Age of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle and Agatha Christie to the works of such innovators as Robert Barnard and Ruth Rendell, a collection of twenty crime, mystery, and suspense stories represents the most popular and well-known British mystery writers. Reprint.
 id : 240018 ISBN : 0671477870  | name : Mary, Mary  |  description : A stranger's horrifying vengeance forces Mary Taylor, a happily married mother and housewife in suburban Boston, to confront the terror of her childhood spent in a Christian home for foundlings and orphans
 id : 240021 ISBN : 0746014147  | name : The New Pony  |  description : When Poppy and her father go for a walk, they meet the new pony at the farm next door, and Poppy and the pony become friends.
 id : 240022 ISBN : 030716263X  | name : The Truth about Kittens and Puppies  |  description : Poky befriends a kitten named Shy before he realizes she is a cat. This sweet story has a solid message about friendship and overcoming stereotypes.
 id : 240023 ISBN : 0679884769  | name : Arthur's Fire Drill  |  description : When D.W.'s teacher announces that they will have a fire drill, D.W. is afraid the school is going to burn down! So Arthur gives her his fire fighter's hat, a whistle, and a few tips on fire safety, and appoints her their home fire warden. She then sets off to school prepared to take charge. Includes two pages of word stickers to reinforce word recognition and to help beginning readers create their own Arthur stories.
 id : 240024 ISBN : 0688015999  | name : The Sex Contract  |  description : An anthropological study of human sexuality considers the influence of bipedalism on radical changes in female sexuality, which in turn affected the development of the unique human propensity to bond and other behavior patterns
 id : 240025 ISBN : 0816743002  | name : No School for Penelope Pig  |  description : Because she doesn't want to go to school, Penelope Pig pretends to be sick; however, after seeing the medicine prescribed by Dr. Zoey, she decides that she feels much better.
 id : 240026 ISBN : 0393024407  | name : Storming Heaven  |  description : A mayor, a union organizer, a nurse, and a Sicilian immigrant describes the events leading to a violent clash between miners and the U.S. Army
 id : 240027 ISBN : 1575663503  | name : Cooked Goose  |  description : A man dressed as Santa Claus is raping and murdering women in the parking lot of a shopping mall in California. PI and cook Savannah Reid is hired to catch him. Recipes included.
 id : 240028 ISBN : 014056425X  | name : Pippi After-Christmas Party  |  description : Pippi Longstocking's after-Christmas party includes such activities as undecorating the Christmas tree, opening presents, and sledding.
 id : 240031 ISBN : 0064420280  | name : Stanley and the Magic Lamp  |  description : The members of the Lambchop family react differently when a boisterous genie grants their wishes for fame, power, and the ability to fly.
 id : 240032 ISBN : 0789473771  | name : DK Readers L3: George Washington  |  description : This biography of one of the most famous and recognizable American presidents mark DK's commitment to bringing US history-based biographies to the DK Readers series. In George Washington, the young reader will learn about our first president's childhood, his life as a farmer, statesman, general, and his days as president. The 48-page Level 3 books, designed for children who can read on their own, contain more complex sentence structure and more detail. Young readers will devour these kid-friendly titles, which cover high-interest topics such as sharks, and the Bermuda Triangle, as well as classics like Aladdin. Information boxes highlight historical references, trivia, pronunciation, and other facts about words and names mentioned. Averaging 2,400 to 2,800 words, these books offer a 50/50 picture-to-text ratio. The Dorling Kindersley Readers combine an enticing visual layout with high-interest, easy-to-read stories to captivate and delight young bookworms who are just getting started. Written by leading children's authors and compiled in consultation with literacy experts, these engaging books build reader confidence along with a lifelong appreciation for nonfiction, classic stories, and biographies. There is a DK Reader to interest every child at every level, from preschool to grade 4.
 id : 240033 ISBN : 0380709341  | name : Kiss  |  description : A "natural death" at the Sunhaven Retirement Home may be murder, and private eye Fred Carver must outwit a smooth-talking administrator, a menacing head nurse, and a host of others determined to stop him
 id : 240034 ISBN : 1556616457  | name : Frog Power  |  description : Can Stacy Master Her Fear Of Frogs In Time For Easter?It's the annual Pet Day at school, and Stacy Henry isn't very happy! Jason Birchall has brought his new bullfrog, Croaker. He's sitting on the desk behind Stacy's, breathing on her hair!Stacy hates frogs! But when she plans an Easter pet parade for the Cul-de-sac moms and dads, guess who gets stuck measuring Croaker for his bow tie?
 id : 240035 ISBN : 0570040914  | name : Sometimes I'm Small, Sometimes I'm Tall  |  description : A unique and fun way to help young children understand their relationship to God, to other people, and to the world.
 id : 240036 ISBN : 0439172535  | name : Scooby-Doo! Snack-tastic Storybook Treasury  |  description : Scooby-Doo! and the Weird Water Park -- Scooby-Doo! in Jungle Jeopardy --Scooby-Doo! and the Opera Ogre -- Scooby-doo! and the Phantom Cowboy -- Scooby-Doo! and the Ghastly Giant -- Scooby-Doo! and the Tiki's Curse.
 id : 240037 ISBN : 0688166512  | name : The Second Time Around  |  description : Filled with expert wisdom from therapists and matrimonial lawyers, and based on anecdotes and examples from more than 1,000 happily remarried men and women, this refreshingly upbeat and practical book offers a clear roadmap to bliss the second time around.
 id : 240038 ISBN : 0451411250  | name : Twisted  |  description : This page-turner is the novelization of Paramount Pictures' upcoming thriller, starring Ashley Judd and Samuel L. Jackson, scheduled for release in April 2004. A female police officer finds herself the subject of an investigation when her past lovers start dying at a furious pace. Original.
 id : 240039 ISBN : 1840890142  | name : My Grandma is Great!  |  description : Millie helps Grandma make cookies. Includes their recipe and notes on what happens to its ingredients when they are combined, chilled, rolled, and baked.
 id : 240041 ISBN : 030712794X  | name : Walt Disney's The Perils of Mickey Mouse  |  description : When Mickey becomes a mail pilot, he discovers where the other pilots have disappeared to, and rescues them.
 id : 240044 ISBN : 0064430715  | name : A Special Trade  |  description : As the years go by, a little girl is able to help an old man as he helped her when she was very young.
 id : 240046 ISBN : 0831724560  | name : Dragons Ogres and Wicked Witches  |  description : More than thirty folk and fairy tales from various countries describe encounters with monsters, witches and devils.
 id : 240047 ISBN : 0816741204  | name : Don't Look at It! Don't Touch It!  |  description : On Halloween night, Sara, Sammy, Jenny and Pete follow a strange set of clues to a creepy haunted house.
 id : 240048 ISBN : 0890815224  | name : Romantic Lovers  |  description : If your marriage came with an instruction manual on romantic love this would be it.
 id : 240049 ISBN : 0929264266  | name : Unheard Melodies  |  description : The narrator looks back on his childhood in Atlanta during the period it changed from a sleepy Southern town to a modern city
 id : 240052 ISBN : 0871133059  | name : Grace  |  description : Grace Holmwood becomes the catalyst for a struggle between science and religion, as her strange visions bring both religious revival and the threatened revelation of diabolical scientific experiments and hidden radioactive wastes
 id : 240053 ISBN : 0140373896  | name : Lyddie and Jip, His Story  |  description : Lyddie: An impoverished Vermont girl finds work in a factory. Jip: A Vermont teen in the 1850's learns a secret about his parents.
 id : 240055 ISBN : 0515116084  | name : Question of Consent  |  description : Accused of murdering the man who raped her, Lisa Altman turns for help to Michael Roehmer, the very same attorney who won the man's acquittal by insinuating that she consented to the rape. Original.
 id : 240056 ISBN : 0689702973  | name : The Egypt Game  |  description : "The deserted storage yard and shed behind the A-Z Antique and Curio Shop becomes the Land of Egypt for April and Melanie, who spend every available moment playing the Egypt game. . . . Eventually other children are drawn into the game which culminates in the capture of a murderer . . ."--"School Library Journal" starred review. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 240058 ISBN : 0441166520  | name : Dragons Past  |  description : Struggling against the dragonlike alien invaders who have taken control of the Earth, the human rebels are determined to capture an alien time transporter and journey to the main alien base in Earth's distant past
 id : 240059 ISBN : 0451405463  | name : Killing Season  |  description : The investigation of a Massachusetts serial killer reveals a story of prostitution, drugs, botched police efforts, shattered careers, and eleven victims, and offers suggestions for what can be done now to catch the murderer. Original.
 id : 240060 ISBN : 0312081537  | name : Agatha Raisin and the Quiche of Death  |  description : In order to introduce herself to the picturesque English village where she has just retired, Mrs. Agatha Raisin enters a quiche in a local competition and promptly finds herself a murder suspect when the judge dies from her poisonous pie.
 id : 240063 ISBN : 0345368290  | name : Hospital  |  description : The healing that goes on at a big city hospital and the sex and scandal in the lives of the men and women who run it are the subject of the latest work by the author of All for the Love of Daddy. Reprint.
 id : 240071 ISBN : 8470394819  | name : Relatos breves  |  description : Leopoldo Alas, Clarín, es una de las figuras intelectualmente brillantes y atractivas del siglo XIX español. Domina, de forma absoluta, el panorama de la crítica literaria en la segunda mitad del siglo. (...)Los relatos breves de Clarín son muestra evidente de un dualismo que aparece fijado en los dos sentimientos contrapuestos por Leopoldo Alas a través de sus relatos: vitalismo y ternura frente a intelectualismo seco y racionalización excesiva.
 id : 240072 ISBN : 0451170334  | name : Deadly Masquerade  |  description : A chronicle of violence, perversion, and corruption in the 1980s traces the rise and fall of Joseph Pikul--a wealthy man who, when faced with the prospect of a bitter divorce, bludgeoned his wife to death
 id : 240077 ISBN : 0394542142  | name : Adam's Task  |  description : Explores the idea of communication between people and animals--from the sophisticated experiments of Washoe to common household pets--and suggests a relationship between understanding animal consciousness and expanding human consciousness
 id : 240081 ISBN : 0312044410  | name : A Vow of Silence  |  description : When one nun dies in a bizarre accident and another disappears, hushed whispers of virgin sacrifice, Mother Goddess worship, suicide, and murder spread among the Sisters at Cornwall House convent and Sister Joan is sent to investigate
 id : 240082 ISBN : 0027926117  | name : Boat Song  |  description : Troubled because he cannot communicate better with his father, eleven-year-old Jonno finds unexpected help from a colorful Scottish bagpiper he meets while visiting Cape Cod.
 id : 240086 ISBN : 0385263090  | name : The Innocent  |  description : A young British post office technician becomes deeply involved in electronic surveillance in postwar Berlin in 1955.
 id : 240088 ISBN : 0070288011  | name : The Duchess of Windsor  |  description : Offers an intimate portrait of the American woman for whom a British King gave up his throne, and the glamour, rumor, and secrets associated with the Duke and Duchess of Windsor.
 id : 240089 ISBN : 1862322929  | name : A Cup of Kindness  |  description : This comprehensive history of the Royal Scottish Corporation covers four centuries of Scottish charity in London from 1603 to 2003. The entire history of the organization is chronicled, from its evolution alongside London's poor laws through its survival during some of the most tumultuous periods in English history.
 id : 240093 ISBN : 1858545277  | name : A Little Bit Scary!  |  description : A collection of rhymed tales about an unusually friendly set of monsters, ghouls, trolls, witches, giants, skeletons, and ghosts, including legendary characters like Medusa and the Hunchback of Notre Dame.
 id : 240096 ISBN : 1568580266  | name : The Giraffe  |  description : A novel by a critically acclaimed French writer describes the unique love affair between Solange, a giraffe, and Joseph, her young caretaker at the zoo
 id : 240098 ISBN : 8420639044  | name : Cuentos de la Alhambra  |  description : Prototipo de historiador romántico, cosmopolita y viajero infatigable, el norteamericano WAHINGTON IRVING (1783-1859) encarna la personalidad inquieta y polifacética del hombre del siglo xix. Llevado por sus intereses a Europa, y tras residir durante un tiempo en Inglaterra y Francia, Irving llegaría a España, como agregado de embajada, en 1826. El éxito de sus libros, de corte romántico, sobre Cristóbal Colón y la conquista del reino nazarí le permitió instalarse en Granada. Fruto de esa experiencia son los CUENTOS DE LA ALHAMBRA, volumen publicado inicialmente en Londres en 1832 y ampliado y revisado en la posterior edición neoyorquina. La obra, un clásico, combina las tradiciones moras con las cristianas, a través de una serie de cuentos y esbozos que recrean el pasado y reflejan también el presente desde el que escribía el autor.
 id : 240099 ISBN : 0312120494  | name : Jane Austen  |  description : Presents a biography of the English writer that focuses on her background, friendships, romantic attachments, travels, and times
 id : 240104 ISBN : 0448114992  | name : The Fairy Tale Book of Ballet  |  description : Text and photographs record the plots and performances of three fairy tales ballets "Swan Lake," "The Sleeping Beauty," and "The Nutcracker." Also includes additional information on the background of the stories and on dancers and ballet in general.
 id : 240105 ISBN : 8480764511  | name : Cocina vegetariana  |  description : Un nuevo concepto de libros de cocina sumamente prácticos para aquellos que se sienten a gusto cocinando. Una colección para personas que ya han visto parte del mundo; las recetas son sanas y fáciles de preparar, además de internacionales. Cada volumen incluye 50 recetas clásicas con las últimas tendencias. La cocina vegetariana disfruta de una popularidad cada vez mayor. De acuerdo con los resultados de múltiples estudios científicos, todas las personas que no comen carne llevan una vida más sana. Y la cocina vegetariana moderna ofrece tanta variedad que incluso el sibarita más exigente la puede disfrutar. Tanto si se trata de unas hortalizas al curry con leche de coco, de un risotto de espárragos y setas o de una polenta con hortalizas, pruebe estas 50 sofisticadas recetas y comprobará que renunciar a la carne y al pescado no significa renunciar al deleite. Platos clásicos y novedosos, brillantemente fotografiados y descritos con detalle, para prepararlos en un primer intento. Una obligación para todos los que quieren disfrutar de una alimentación sana.
 id : 240107 ISBN : 8480764805  | name : Cocina Asiatica  |  description : Un nuevo concepto de libro de cocina para todos aquellos que en realidad prefieren comer en un restaurante o esperan recibir invitaciones a comer de sus buenas amistades, aunque también se sienten a gusto cocinando. Una colección para personas jóvenes que ya han visto parte del mundo: las recetas no únicamente son sanas y fáciles de preparar, sino también muy internacionales. La cocina asiática está en boga. No es ninguna sorpresa ya que sus platos no son sólo increíblemente variados, sino que también resultan muy fáciles de digerir y son muy saludables. Ya sean wonton frito, curry de marisco, laksa de pollo o lassi de mango: 50 recetas refinadas que reflejan la irresistible magia de la cocina del muy Lejano Oriente e invitan a un viaje culinario al imperio de los sentidos. Cada una de ellas se acompaña de una fantástica fotografía y esta describe de un modo tan detallado que su éxito está asegurado. Descubra la sencillez de la cocina: lo delicioso del Lejano Oriente, ¡y, además tan fácil de preparar!
 id : 240108 ISBN : 0870292749  | name : Everyday-courage Therapy  |  description : 'Everday-courage Therapy' will help you to recognize and summon your courage in ways that will expand and enrich your life. Courage is not just for superheroes, battlefield warriors, or grand achievers. Day-to-day living is enhanced by a heart filled with courage--the courage to risk, make mistakes, take a stand, remain true to your values, pursue your dreams, let your real self be known.
 id : 240112 ISBN : 8480764554  | name : Cocina Rapida  |  description : Un nuevo concepto de libros de cocina sumamente prácticos para aquellos que se sienten a gusto cocinando. Una colección para personas que ya han visto parte del mundo; las recetas son sanas y fáciles de preparar, además de internacionales. Cada volumen incluye 50 recetas clásicas con las últimas tendencias. ¡Cocinar en tiempo récord! Quien quiera alimentarse de forma sana y variada no debe pasar necesariamente mucho tiempo delante de los fogones. Ya sean pequeños tentempiés, platos principales rápidos con o sin carne o tentadores postres, los cocineros con prisa encontrarán en este libro 50 refinadas recetas relámpago que pueden prepararse (casi todas) en menos de 30 minutos -muchas de ellas incluso en 20 minutos. Desde la sopa de hortalizas oriental hasta el risotto de calabacín y jamón: instrucciones detalladas paso a paso y sugerentes fotografías que acompañan las recetas convierten la cocina en un auténtico placer. Así dispondrá de más tiempo para comer y disfrutar.
 id : 240113 ISBN : 848076435X  | name : Pescado Y Marisco  |  description : Un nuevo concepto de libros de cocina sumamente prácticos para aquellos que se sienten a gusto cocinando. Una colección para personas que ya han visto parte del mundo; las recetas son sanas y fáciles de preparar, además de internacionales. Cada volumen incluye 50 recetas clásicas con las últimas tendencias. El pescado y el marisco fresco saben a sol, a playa y a mar. Pero los frutos del mar no sólo despiertan nuestros recuerdos de las vacaciones, sino que también son más sanos y más fáciles de preparar de lo que la mayoría piensa. Ya se trate de un plato ligero para picar, una sopa refinada, un plato rápido para los que tiene prisa o un plato sofisticado para una ocasión festiva: descubra la deliciosa diversidad que va desde un sencillo plato de pescado hasta una refinada receta para gourmets- 50 sorprendentes recetas, brillantemente fotografiadas y fáciles de seguir.
 id : 240115 ISBN : 8480764317  | name : Ensaladas  |  description : Un nuevo concepto de libros de cocina sumamente prácticos para aquellos que se sienten a gusto cocinando. Una colección para personas que ya han visto parte del mundo; las recetas son sanas y fáciles de preparar, además de internacionales. Cada volumen incluye 50 recetas clásicas con las últimas tendencias. Las ensaladas, siempre ligeras, saludables y apetecibles, sorprenden por su elevado valor vitamínico. Sea para picar y matar el gusanillo del hambre, como plato principal, como guarnición de un plato de carne o pescado o como postre, siempre vienen bien. Las ensaladas se preparan rápidamente y son fuentes de energía. La clave está en que hay muy pocos ingredientes que no puedan formar parte de una de ellas. Pruebe estas 50 ensaladas refinadas que van de las más clásicas e internacionales hasta las recetas más atrevidas paso a paso para su elaboración. Un libro para los amantes de las ensaladas y todos aquellos que quieren comer de forma saludable.
 id : 240116 ISBN : 8480764295  | name : Cocina/Tendencias. Sushi  |  description : Un nuevo concepto de libros de cocina sumamente prácticos para aquellos que se sienten a gusto cocinando. Una colección para personas que ya han visto parte del mundo; las recetas son sanas y fáciles de preparar, además de internacionales. Cada volumen incluye 50 recetas clásicas con las últimas tendencias. El sushi es una de las preparaciones más refinadas de la cocina japonesa. Puede presentarse artísticamente enrollado, envuelto o en un relleno. Existen innumerables variantes de sushi, cada una más deliciosa y llena de fantasía que la anterior. No resulta extraño que estos exquisitos bocaditos del Lejano Oriente cada vez encuentren más adeptos entre nosotros. Pero hacerlo en casa? ¡Ningún problema! Los aficionados a estos exclusivos bocaditos encontrarán en este libro 50 creaciones variadas -desde los clásicos rollos maki hasta los cucuruchos temaki. Van acompañados de vistosas fotografías y con instrucciones detalladas paso a paso, para que el éxito de cada receta esté garantizado. Con un poco de práctica se convertirá en un auténtico cocinero de sushi.
 id : 240117 ISBN : 1853674117  | name : Disaster at D-Day  |  description : "It is June 1944. The Allied armies are poised for the full-scale invasion of Fortress Europe. Across the Channel, the vaunted Wehrmacht lies waiting for the first signs of invasion, ready for the final battle ... Tsouras firmly bases his narrative on facts but introduces minor adjustments at the opening of the campaign -- the repositioning of a unit, bad weather and misjudged orders -- and examines their effect as they gather momentum and impact on all subsequent events"--Page 4 of cover.
 id : 240118 ISBN : 8480196017  | name : JABONES LÍQUIDOS (Color)  |  description : ¡ Por fin un libro sobre cómo hacer jabones líquidos en casa! Deje que la experta fabricante de jabones Catherine Failor le muestre, de la manera más sencilla, el lujoso mundo de la fabricación de jabones líquidos completamente naturales. Usando la sencilla técnica del baño María, usted puede crear económicos jabones de manos hidratantes, champús revitalizantes, geles para baños de burbujas estimulantes, y mucho más. ¡ Y todo hecho según su tipo de piel, las necesidades de su cabello o incluso de su estado de ánimo! Descubra lo sencillo que es dominar esta técnica de fabricación de jabones mediante un proceso a alta temperatura, y explore el arte de esta gratificante artesanía. Usando ingredientes sencillos y puros, como la mantequilla de coco, la lamolina y la yoyoba, puede crear jabones líquidos más beneficiosos para la piel, mejores para el medioambiente y simplemente de una calidad superior a los que pueda encontrar en una tienda. Aprenda a mezclar aceites y aditivos, añada color y esencias a sus creaciones, y fabrique jabones personales únicos. ¡Todo en su propia cocina! ¡Deje fluir el jabón y la creatividad! Catherine Failor lleva más de veinte años fabricando jabón. Diseñadora gráfica con gran pasión por la ciencia, Catherine desarrolló nuevas técnicas de fabricación casera de jabón, que utilizó para abrir su propia compañía especializada en la fabricación de jabones, Copra Soaps. Su actual empresa, Milky Way Molds, produce "los moldes artísticos más selectos de nuestra galaxia". A su vez, Failor es autora del libro Haciendo jabones transparentes, publicado por esta misma editorial. Failor reside y trabaja en Pórtland, Oregon
 id : 240122 ISBN : 8480195622  | name : CÓMO HACER JABÓN (Color)  |  description : ¿Quiere hacer jabones multicolores y fantásticos que llamen la atención en su propia cocina? Pues deje que Kaila Westerman le muestre cómo diseñar a su medida sus propios trabajos, usando una base de jabón, con colorantes y fragancias ya disponibles, unos cuantos utensilios de cocina básicos y un poco de imaginación. Al hacer y fundir moldes de jabón no tendrá que preocuparse por el contacto con sustancias químicas y peligrosas, como la lejía, ¡es tan sencillo como 1, 2, y 3! 1 > Funda una barra de glicerina en el microondas. 2> Añada esencia y color y póngalo en un molde 3> Espere hasta que esté sólido. ¡Séquelo y disfrute! Este libro incluye más de 30 proyectos de artesanía del jabón, como por ejemplo:"Jabón amanecer", "Pastel de dama de honor Victoriana", Incrustaciones increíbles, Barras de "Brazo de gitano con base de grutas", Jabón marmolado, Indulgencia tropical C. Kaila Westerman es una artesana del jabón, propietaria y presidenta de TKB Trading, una fábrica de jabones acabados, colorantes del jabón, moldes y kits de utensilios. Westerman ha hecho de ponente en la reunión del gremio de artesanos del jabón, y sus artículos se han publicado en la revista Soapmakers ' Newsletter, By Hand, Creative Alchemy y The Saponifier. Actualmente, la autora vive en Oakland, California.
 id : 240123 ISBN : 1890957461  | name : 1,001 Home Health Secrets for Seniors  |  description : "Filled with easy-to-understand health information, this book is written especially with seniors in mind. Topics that tend to affect older people, such as how to avoid falls in the home and natural ways to prevent cataracts."--Amazon.com
 id : 240126 ISBN : 0452010241  | name : Rosie the Riveter Revisited  |  description : The women who tell their stories in this extraordinary oral history worked in World War II defense plants.
 id : 240129 ISBN : 0521656176  | name : Double Cross Level 3  |  description : A fast-moving international thriller set in Scandinavia, London, and southern Africa. A politician nearly dies in Stockholm, and secret agent Monika Lundgren chases the would-be killer. As she races across the world she meets a strange football team, a rock musician, and a madman with dreams of world power.
 id : 240130 ISBN : 0521664772  | name : A Picture to Remember Level 2 Elementary/Lower Intermediate Book with Audio CD Pack  |  description : Award-winning original fiction for learners of English. At seven levels, from Starter to Advanced, this impressive selection of carefully graded readers offers exciting reading for every student's capabilities. Aires is waiting at the traffic lights on her motorbike. She notices two men with a gun in the car next to her. Seconds later she is hit by a taxi, and wakes up in hospital with no memory of the accident or the two men. However, the men are afraid of what might happen if her memory returns and plan to make sure it never does. Contains a paperback and Audio CD with complete text recordings from the book.
 id : 240131 ISBN : 0373218818  | name : Escape from Cabriz  |  description : Caught in the cross fire in Cabriz, Kristin Myers must rely on her childhood friend--and former lover--Zach Harmon to get her out alive. But who will save her heart from being broken by him one more time? Reissue.
 id : 240133 ISBN : 0140436197  | name : The Getting of Wisdom  |  description : When Laura Rambotham arrives at an exclusive Melbourne girls school from her country home, she is ridiculed by the other pupils for her differences - her name, her unusual clothes and, especially, for her 'unpardonable sin': her exceptional musical ability. Laura endures ostracism and misery as she tries to make herself socially acceptable to her vicious peers, never quite succeeding but learning much about the world and its inhabitants along the way.
 id : 240134 ISBN : 8425335833  | name : Isabel, la reina  |  description : Nadie duda de que Isabel la Catolica ha sido una de las figuras mas poderosas de su tiempo. Una reina que extendio las fronteras de Espana hasta los limites extremos de la tierra. Una soberana capaz de imponer su voz en un mundo de hombres.Todos conocemos a la reina, pero no a la mujer, a la gran dama que se esconde tras el semblante autero. A esa persona capaz de albergar los sentimientos mas divinos y las pasiones mas terribles.En El tiempo de la siembra continua la hermosa historia de Isabel, que ya empezo con Las hijas de la luna roja.Historia e imaginacion andan de la mano para contarnos la vida de un mujer... de armas tomar.
 id : 240135 ISBN : 8435009165  | name : Trópico de Cáncer  |  description : Henry Miller (1891-1980) es uno de los autores que, quizá sin proponérselo, más hicieron por el triunfo de la libertad de expresión en literatura y por la distinción entre los juicios morales y los juicios estéticos. Tras su paso por el City College de Nueva York y después de aceptar los empleos más diversos, en 1930 se estableció en París, donde se dedicó de lleno a la creación literaria y llevó una vida independiente y anticonvencional que lo convirtió en el ejemplo más conocido de bohemia moderna y en un modelo para la beat generation (Burroughs, Kerouac, Ginsberg...) y para autores como Bukowski o Norman Mailer.
 id : 240140 ISBN : 0684832747  | name : DID MONKEYS INVENT THE MONKEY WRENCH?  |  description : This fun and funny celebration of hardware from Vince Staten answers the burning questions like have plagued humankind from time immemorial. Staten reveals the mysterious origins of all the things that hold your house together and all the tools you’ve ever dreamed of having. Drawing on his years behind the counter of his father’s hardware store, Did Monkeys Invent the Monkey Wrench? reminds readers that there was once a place where like-minded souls could discuss the important things in life, like baseball, bad movies, and box-end wrenches.
 id : 240141 ISBN : 044050337X  | name : A Stranger in the Kingdom  |  description : Murder wasn't the only crime this town would never forget. Kingdom County, Vermont, is tucked between the Green Mountains and the White Mountains not far from the Canadian border- a small town of proud people with ling memories. When the preacher, Walt Andrews, came to town, he was an outsider, a stranger. He was also a black man. It was the summer James Kinneson turned thirteen. Son of the newspaper owner and younger brother of the town's fiery defense lawyer, James witnessed the shattering events that would tear the town apart - a brutal murder and the trial of a man, not so much for what he might have done, but for what he was. A Stranger in the Kingdom is a powerful drama of passion, prejudice, and innocence suddenly lost--and perhaps found again.
 id : 240142 ISBN : 847584071X  | name : Llibre de les dones  |  description : Es poden comptar amb els dits d’una mà les obres literàries catalanes medievals que, com ara el Llibre deies dones de Jaume Roig (1402?-1478), són capaces d’atraure l’interès del lector actual amb una força tan abassegadora. Amb tot i això, l' Espill o Llibre dels consells, títols amb què també es coneix aquesta obra narrativa escrita a la segona meitat del segle XV i editada nombroses vegades d’ençà del segle XVI, fins ara resultava inaccessible al públic no especialitzat pel fet de ser escrita originàriament en vers i en un català no gens fàcil, malgrat que l’autor hi faci servir un registre ben col·loquial —o potser precisament per aquest motiu. Amb una gran destresa i en forma autobiogràfica, el Llibre de les dones narra l’atzarosa vida del protagonista des de la seva joventut, en què la mare el treu de casa i es veu obligat a vagar i dur una vida aventurera per terres catalanes i per França, fins a la vellesa, vista sobretot a través dels diversos fracassos matrimonials (amb una donzella, amb una beata, amb una viuda i amb una monja). Considerada com un precedent de la novel·la picaresca castellana, pel seu realisme i el seu aire divertit i pintoresc, el Llibre de les dones constitueix, per una banda, un violent atac contra les dones, ple d’enginy i de vivesa, dintre de la més pura tradició misógina —a la manera del Corbaccio de Boccaccio i de l'Arcipreste de Talavera—, i, per l’altra, ofereix un autèntic fresc de la societat burgesa valenciana del segle XV. Introduïda i anotada amb rigor, aquesta acurada i fidel prosificació modernitzada del Llibre de les dones a càrrec de Jordi Tiñena posa per primera vegada a l’abast dels estudiants de segon ensenyament (BUP i FP) i del públic lector en general una de les obres més riques, divertides i representatives de la narrativa catalana del segle d’or. Amb això, i amb els fragments de l’original i una sèrie de propostes de treball, no es pretén fer altra cosa que el que la majoria de llengües de cultura han fet des de fa temps amb les obres antigues i clàssiques: facilitar-ne l’accés al seu públic natural.
 id : 240147 ISBN : 0814796982  | name : Beyond the Shadow of Camptown  |  description : Explores the experiences of Korean military brides in the United States Since the beginning of the Korean War in 1950, nearly 100,000 Korean women have immigrated to the United States as the wives of American soldiers. Based on extensive oral interviews and archival research, Beyond the Shadow of Camptown tells the stories of these women, from their presumed association with U.S. military camptowns and prostitution to their struggles within the intercultural families they create in the United States. Historian Ji-Yeon Yuh argues that military brides are a unique prism through which to view cultural and social contact between Korea and the U.S. After placing these women within the context of Korean-U.S. relations and the legacies of both Japanese and U.S. colonialism vis á vis military prostitution, Yuh goes on to explore their lives, their coping strategies with their new families, and their relationships with their Korean families and homeland. Topics range from the personal—the role of food in their lives—to the communal—the efforts of military wives to form support groups that enable them to affirm Korean identity that both American and Koreans would deny them. Relayed with warmth and compassion, this is the first in-depth study of Korean military brides, and is a groundbreaking contribution to Asian American, women's, and "new" immigrant studies, while also providing a unique approach to military history.
 id : 240148 ISBN : 0679442057  | name : Numbers in the Dark  |  description : Presents a variety of fables, tales, and "impossible interviews" on such themes as the implications of technology, the quest for truth, politics, and the nature of power
 id : 240150 ISBN : 0679816437  | name : Thomas the Tank Engine  |  description : Teaches such antonyms as big and small, as well as such shapes as round
 id : 240151 ISBN : 0698113667  | name : The New Baby  |  description : It can be tough for a toddler to understand the changes that happen in a family with the addition of a new baby. Who better to help the older-sibling-to-be than the friendliest man in the neighborhood? Mr. Rogers will help older siblings understand that they are not loved any less and to anticipate all the joy having a younger sibling can bring.
 id : 240155 ISBN : 0590341294  | name : I Spy Little Book  |  description : Rhyming verses invite readers to find hidden objects in the photographs.
 id : 240157 ISBN : 187856983X  | name : Stalag Wisconsin  |  description : Comprehensive look inside Wisconsin's 38 branch camps that held 20,000 Nazi and Japanese prisoners of war during World War II.
 id : 240160 ISBN : 0393317528  | name : Thomas Jefferson  |  description : An ambitious, perceptive portrayal of a complex man, this bestselling biography breaks new ground in its exploration of Jefferson's inner life. "Brodie has humanized Jefferson without in the least diminishing him".--Wallace Stegner. Photos.
 id : 240161 ISBN : 0304351970  | name : Cassell Dictionary of Insulting Quotations  |  description : Brings together devastating views on figures as diverse as Churchill, John F. Kennedy, Shakespeare, James Joyce and Marilyn MonroeIncludes coverage of national insults, and attacks on professions, institutions and placesFull author indexNow in paperback
 id : 240163 ISBN : 0140108033  | name : The White Hotel  |  description : Gefingeerde gesprekken en briefwisselingen van en over een hysterische jonge vrouw met Freud en andere psychiaters.
 id : 240164 ISBN : 1570251703  | name : Friendship Fires  |  description : Sam Cook's writing has brought readers home to the north country for almost two decades. Gather around Friendship Fires and cover new ground with visits to the region's vast prairies, towering forests and shimmering water retreats. Friendship Fires lives up to its name by sparking the memories shared by anyone who's dusted off a canoe at the first break of ice in spring or savored autumn's fading sun in late November. Sam's stories, both touching and hilarious, offer a new perspective on how the outdoors rekindles the wilderness spirit when we build our own friendship fires.
 id : 240165 ISBN : 0393900576  | name : The Spanish Tragedy  |  description : One of the more popular plays of the Elizabethan period and a major influence on "Hamlet."
 id : 240167 ISBN : 0192816071  | name : The Pilgrim's Progress  |  description : The pilgrim Christian, Mr Worldly wiseman, Giant Despair, Hopeful, and Ignorance are engaged in a powerful drama set against a solidly realistic background of town and country.
 id : 240169 ISBN : 0684718022  | name : In Our Time  |  description : Short stories in the laconic style of a news reporter.
 id : 240173 ISBN : 0553212966  | name : Julius Caesar  |  description : In this striking tragedy of political conflict, Shakespeare turns to the ancient Roman world and to the famous assassination of Julius Caesar by his republican opponents. The play is one of tumultuous rivalry, of prophetic warnings–“Beware the ides of March”–and of moving public oratory, “Friends, Romans, countrymen!” Ironies abound and most of all for Brutus, whose fate it is to learn that his idealistic motives for joining the conspiracy against a would-be dictator are not enough to sustain the movement once Caesar is dead. Each Edition Includes: • Comprehensive explanatory notes • Vivid introductions and the most up-to-date scholarship • Clear, modernized spelling and punctuation, enabling contemporary readers to understand the Elizabethan English • Completely updated, detailed bibliographies and performance histories • An interpretive essay on film adaptations of the play, along with an extensive filmography
 id : 240175 ISBN : 0895774348  | name : Anne of Green Gables  |  description : Anne, an eleven-year-old orphan, is sent by mistake to live with a lonely, middle-aged brother and sister on a Prince Edward Island farm and proceeds to make an indelible impression on everyone around her.
 id : 240177 ISBN : 0888822146  | name : I Hate to Complain, But...  |  description : A collection of columns by Jim Foster, an award-winning columnist for the Orillia Packet and Times, the Collingwood Enterprise-Bulletin, and the Oro Medonte Severn News.
 id : 240180 ISBN : 019540565X  | name : The Oxford Book of Canadian Short Stories in English  |  description : Arranged chronologically with forty stories in all, the book provides an excellent survey of Canada's leading writers, including a story by Atwood herself ("The Sin Eater"), as well as stories by Morley Callaghan ("Last Spring They Came Over"), Mordecai Richler ("The Summer My Grandmother Was Supposed to Die"), and Stephen Leacock ("The Marine Excursion of the Knights of Pythias"). The book features biographical notes and an index of authors.
 id : 240181 ISBN : 9500813823  | name : Los Puentes De Madison County  |  description : Love story of a photographer and a housewife.
 id : 240182 ISBN : 9506440190  | name : El Viaje / the Journey  |  description : Successful TV anchorwoman Madeleine hides the truth about her emotionally and physically abusive marriage until she joins an anti-violence group and falls in love with Bill, a diplomat who encourages her to become empowered.
 id : 240183 ISBN : 0937858536  | name : Your Child at Play  |  description : This volume contains hundreds of suggestions for creative play and for coping with everyday life with toddlers. "An excellent guide to the hows, whys, and what-to-dos of play . . . the toy and activity suggestions are creative and interesting".--Publishers Weekly. Over 300 photos.
 id : 240184 ISBN : 0806981326  | name : The Complete Book of UFOs  |  description : Discusses the history of UFO sightings and alien abductions and explores the research methods, reports, speculations, and alleged physical evidence associated with these events.
 id : 240186 ISBN : 0679728783  | name : And Their Children After Them  |  description : Profiles sharecropper children
 id : 240187 ISBN : 0312984847  | name : Fighting Men  |  description : This classic collection Special Forces stories provides a vivid, sometimes humorous, and often terrifying look at the culture of the elite warrior trained to fight outside the box, survive in hostile terrain, and kill the enemy. photos. Reissue.
 id : 240188 ISBN : 0130979910  | name : The New Millennium Reader  |  description : This thematic reader identifies and collects some of the most important insights, discoveries, and reflections of the past millennia as produced by its most noteworthy writers. This reader includes a myriad of works of fiction and non- fiction, poems, and dramas that address.
 id : 240189 ISBN : 0595298257  | name : Trashed Life  |  description : Living her life is like driving by a car crash. It may be a mess, but it attracts attention. Meet June Violet. At 21, she is thoroughly jaded. She exists in a world of materialistic posers. Her college classes are uninspiring, her job in the film industry sucks and her dating prospects are laughable. To maintain sanity, Violet relies on her friends and her wicked sense of humor. Having recently moved home from an apartment shared with another party girl, she goes through the motions of trying to have a good time. From clubs to bars to weekend trips and bad dates, Violet's life becomes a series of drunken nights and hazy days. But after an eviction notice from her parents and a business trip that ends in disaster, Violet's coolness is shaken. She has what it takes to be a success. So why isn't she happy?
 id : 240192 ISBN : 0442009836  | name : Housing Interiors for the Disabled and Elderly  |  description : "This all-encompassing volume examines the needs of the growing population of elderly and disabled people and provides answers to many of the problems involved in housing them. The wide range of residential features evaluated, from architectural factors to furniture arrangement, gives the designer clear awareness of available options. The author draws on the latest research in architecture, technology, product design, physical therapy, behavioral science and rehabilitation. This wealth of knowledge, much of it based on successful European innovations, enables designers to more easily incorporate rehabilitation principles into their designs"--Back cover
 id : 240193 ISBN : 0442295618  | name : Principles of Three-dimensional Design  |  description : Helps beginning designers think sculpturally by examining the elements of three-dimensional design and the use of simple planes and lines in geometric construction
 id : 240194 ISBN : 0070162999  | name : Time-saver Standards for Interior Design and Space Planning  |  description : Interior designers, architects, and other professionals can now locate a wealth of information related to the design and construction of residential and commercial interiors. From space planning to furniture, this is invaluable.
 id : 240195 ISBN : 0810911213  | name : Interior Design  |  description : Examines the basics in interior design. The text is accompanied by photographs, many in color, displaying the best interior design work being done today in a wide variety of contexts. Includes livingrooms, diningrooms, bedrooms, kitchens, and other spaces in homes and apartments, resaurants, banks, offices and factories.
 id : 240196 ISBN : 082300371X  | name : ASID, American Society of Interior Designers Professional Practice Manual  |  description : Includes bibliographical references and index.
 id : 240197 ISBN : 0696019647  | name : Traditional Home  |  description : Describes and illustrates a variety of home interiors decorated according to traditional themes.
 id : 240198 ISBN : 1581590229  | name : Whitetail Wisdom  |  description : A collection of stories/articles, about whitetail deer, that were originally published in North American Hunter magazine. Some articles discuss feeding, mating, conservation, deer eye-sight, pelletology, deer of different ages / life stages, scents, calls, world record bucks, and hunting professionally.
 id : 240199 ISBN : 0866224645  | name : A Step-by-step Book about Guppies  |  description : Offers an introduction to the world of guppies and provides information on care and breeding
 id : 240205 ISBN : 0393024040  | name : J. Edgar Hoover  |  description : Divulges how the controversial FBI director's paranoia and his files--sustained his power during Mccarthyism, the Kennedy years, and the civil rights movement
 id : 240208 ISBN : 0140143572  | name : Family Portraits  |  description : In this lovingly crafted collection, acclaimed writers remember the family members or loved ones who had a profound influence on their early lives. The forces at work here--love, understanding, respect--are universal in thei impact on people's lives. Stories of family love from writers such as Margaret Atwood, Gail Godwin, Isaac Bashevis, and Joyce Carol Oates will touch readers with their warm sentiment and remarkable characters.
 id : 240209 ISBN : 8203178960  | name : Blindramme  |  description : Etter flere store romaner kommer Toril Brekke nå med en novellesamling. Det er fortellinger om mennesker som har levd en stund, som lurer på om de har noe felles lenger, slik tilværelsen har utviklet seg. Det handler om voksen, ofte stivnet kjærlighet, men også sterke og levende følelser. Her er drømmer, tilbakeblikk, nye livssituasjoner ... Dette er Toril Brekkes andre novellesamling. Forhåndsomtale.
 id : 240211 ISBN : 1855940906  | name : Luke Kelly  |  description : Luke Kelly (1940-1984) was an Irish singer and folk musician from Dublin, most famous as a member of the band The Dubliners. Kelly was one of the best-known figures of the Irish folk music movement of the 1960s and 1970s. He emigrated to Britain in 1958. This book contains a personal memoir by musician and fellow Dubliner Des Geraghty."
 id : 240212 ISBN : 0553289012  | name : The Perfect Girl  |  description : Stung when her collegiate boyfriend pays less attention to her and more to the beautiful Vicky, Robin Wilson is convinced that dieting is the answer, a plan that has Elizabeth Wakefield thinking anorexia.
 id : 240213 ISBN : 1402202520  | name : Fraud  |  description : In this scathing indictment of the president's integrity, Waldman maintains that George W. Bush has executed a comprehensive and sustained plan of deception to mislead America.
 id : 240214 ISBN : 1571881808  | name : Color Hiking Guide to Mount Rainier  |  description : When you head up to Mount Rainier, this book is as necessary as your backpack. In this gorgeous, full-color hiking guide, Alan provides information on: access, weather, clothing, footwear, flora and fauna, necessary supplies, photography tips, directions to and in-depth information on 30 different hikes. Alan has hiked all 215 miles of trails and shares his experiences, including round-trip mileage, elevation, and physical descriptions of each trail, with wildlife, indigenous plants, scenic highlights, and photography tips specific to each hike. Alan Kearney's photography is spectacular and inspiring, it will motivate you to bring along your camera as well.
 id : 240216 ISBN : 0452277884  | name : N  |  description : An independent journalist who works on an alternative newspaper finds herself drawn to a drug dealer named Strip and the community in which he lives as she investigates the murder of an eighteen-year-old boy
 id : 240217 ISBN : 0704347113  | name : The Fat Lady Sings  |  description : Locked in a psychiatric unit because her public singing brought her to the attention of the police, Gloria meets another British woman of Jamaican descent with whom she can share her past, giving them both hope for the future.
 id : 240218 ISBN : 0140250301  | name : Taken in  |  description : In the Los Angeles Times, Carolyn See described Beverly Coyle "as much a dancer as a writer... an absolute master of craft." Coyle's third novel is thrilling proof that this master is now at the top of her game. Taken In is the story of Malcolm Robb, a sweetly liberal man whose religiously radical son is a source of constant worry and bewilderment. And when Malcolm's wife and daughter become involved in the plight of a runaway girl and her violent boyfriend, the entire Robb household is thrust into a series of devastating and ultimately tragic events that test their strength as individuals and as a family. Peopled with memorable characters and brimming with wisdom about loss and love, normalcy and insanity, parenting and being parented, this deeply moving novel has invited comparison to the works of Anne Tyler and Alice Hoffman. A triumph of storytelling, Taken In confirms Beverly Coyle's stature as one of the most sophisticated and original novelists writing today.
 id : 240219 ISBN : 0140277463  | name : The Devil's Chimney  |  description : In Oudtshoorn, South Africa, Connie Lambrecht lives in the shadow of the vast Cango Caves. In the depths of one of the eerie passages they call the Devil's Chimney, a young black servant girl once vanished. Connie is haunted by this mystery, and by the story of an upper-class Englishwoman, Miss Beatrice, whose quixotic attempt to raise ostriches at the turn of the century on a farm near this dusty provicial town led to terrible misfortune. In recounting the tales of these two women, Connie finally discovers the deepest secret of her own life and the truth about her ghost-filled past.
 id : 240220 ISBN : 0452282969  | name : Ordinary Horror  |  description : Frank Delabano wants to get rid of the mysterious burrowing pests that are menacing the roses in his small backyard. He sends away for an organic remedy advertised in the local paper. "Gopherbane, " a South American plant, is guaranteed to be effective while harmless to pets and everything else. But a series of horrific incidents gradually builds to an apocalyptic climax.
 id : 240221 ISBN : 0915396130  | name : Bangalee  |  description : Bangalee tries to persuade the other kritters to change their messy ways before the dreaded grunk arrives.
 id : 240222 ISBN : 0786918764  | name : Of Aged Angels  |  description : En route to escorting a mystic computer hacker to the Hoffman Institute, agents Jeane, Fitz, and Ngan become embroiled in a race against time to recover the long-lost Holy Grail, which holds the key to saving humankind from the evil forces that threaten to overwhelm Earth. Original.
 id : 240223 ISBN : 0061063169  | name : Dark Hearts  |  description : Remaining in New Orleans with Jean-Paul despite her growing fears about the city's dark side, Alison James is propelled by haunting nightmares into a magic circle that threatens to overtake her. Original.
 id : 240224 ISBN : 0806905719  | name : Aliens  |  description : From space aliens, to Tibetan Yeti, to the Caribbean chupacabra (or goatsucker), strange beings appear to surround us. Every year, hundreds of people tell of confronting Bigfoot, the West Virginia Mothman, or the Australian Bunlyp. After you read these accounts of shape-shifting ethereal organisms, cattle mutilation, and crop circles, you'll wonder if storytellers from the past were just making it up...or accurately describing what we're seeing today.
 id : 240225 ISBN : 080699620X  | name : Secrets of Self-Hypnosis  |  description : In only twenty minutes a day, significantly improve your life, whether it's health, personal growth, relationships, or financial security. The secret is based on making your own self-hypnosis tapes that can program your subconscious to increase self-confidence, improve your memory, cure insomnia, give up smoking, lose weight, break bad habits, remember your dreams, enhance your sex life, and much more. Easy-to-follow tips show exactly how to achieve whatever goal you set. Begin by learning basic induction techniques and creating taped messages containing powerful motivating phrases. Then move on to deepening techniques by linking mental messages with relaxation suggestions to various parts of the body. The exact script wording and physical setting is clearly explained for 30 dramatic life changes. 144 pages, 7 x 10.
 id : 240226 ISBN : 0916766462  | name : Understanding Yourself  |  description : This insightful work offers unique perspectives into how to master the components of being--the ego, karma, and the Self beyond the self. The authors explain that to truly access the full potential of the soul, one must see oneself as a spiritual as well as a material being, and learn to use all of the energy given by Spirit. A fresh, enlightened approach to self-discovery.
 id : 240228 ISBN : 0140173773  | name : The Shortest Day  |  description : Langton fans will love curling up in front of a roaring holiday fire with her latest Homer Kelly adventure--a rich Christmas brew spiced with medieval revelry, a romantic rivalry, and a soupcon of murder. Line drawings.
 id : 240229 ISBN : 0821716220  | name : Texas Torment  |  description : Adelaide's vow to never again succumb to the sensuous charm of Union Officer Daniel Jordan gives way to desire and passion when Jordan returns to take possession of his Texas cattle ranch
 id : 240231 ISBN : 0553220144  | name : Hot Touch  |  description : Mysterious Caroline Fitzsimmons arrived at Paul Belue's bayou mansion to train his pet wolf for a movie. She could charm the wildest beast . . . but could she tame the burning passion of this Cajun gypsy owner?
 id : 240233 ISBN : 0373243839  | name : Wife in Disguise  |  description : Wife In Disguise by Susan Mallery released on Feb 22, 2001 is available now for purchase.
 id : 240234 ISBN : 0345403185  | name : If Wishes Were Horses...  |  description : Struggling poet and chef Neil Marshall becomes a prime suspect in the murder of his best friend, a racehorse breeder, and must plumb the dark underworld of horse theft and illegal breeding to clear his name. Original.
 id : 240235 ISBN : 0553568175  | name : Southern Cross  |  description : Tanner's old school chum Seth Hartman made a lot of enemies in the '60s, when he fought for civil rights in the South. Now, 25 years later, a white supremacist group has targeted Hartman for death. And, by the light of a burning cross, Tanner must penetrate Charleston's elite, looking for answers.
 id : 240236 ISBN : 088375200X  | name : The Vandals of Treason House  |  description : While being punished for vandalism, four children find out the true history of the old house they are cleaning and campaign to have it preserved as a historical monument.
 id : 240237 ISBN : 0373261543  | name : Four on the Floor  |  description : Four On The Floor by Ralph McInerny released on Aug 25, 1994 is available now for purchase.
 id : 240238 ISBN : 0451176995  | name : Picture of David  |  description : This new mystery from the author of Following Jane is the frightening story of the kidnapping of a 14-year-old Russian immigrant boy by a killer obsessed with fire, pornography, and revenge against the boy's parents for a mysterious unpaid "debt". Teacher turned private investigator Barrett Lake soon gets a lesson in terror.
 id : 240239 ISBN : 091392377X  | name : Hypoglycemia  |  description : Millions of Americans suffer from health complications, including hypoglycemia, due to sugar imbalances. In this booklet, author Louise Tenney, MH, provides a comprehensive overview of hypoglycemia, including its symptoms and complications, and natural approaches, dietary guidelines, and supplements that can help prevent and treat it.
 id : 240241 ISBN : 0393850048  | name : Red Giants and White Dwarfs  |  description : Presents discussions regarding the origin of the universe, the life and death of stars and the origin of the earth and life.
 id : 240242 ISBN : 0373704666  | name : Silent Walks the Moon  |  description : Silent Walks The Moon by Megan Brownley released on Jul 25, 1991 is available now for purchase.
 id : 240243 ISBN : 0373704313  | name : Magic and Moonbeams  |  description : Magic And Moonbeams by Margot Dalton released on Oct 25, 1990 is available now for purchase.
 id : 240246 ISBN : 0345336658  | name : The God of All Comfort  |  description : This book reveals the secret of abundant life and victory over defeat. Its goal is to to bring genuine and enduring joy into the lives of troubled Christians and to show that everything Christ promised is available today to all believers.
 id : 240251 ISBN : 1590710010  | name : Henry's List of Wrongs  |  description : Henry Chase is every woman's worst nightmare as he is ruthless in his pursuit of getting to the top of every situation. Then one night, he begins to confess his list of sins. Screen rights have been sold with Jim Carrey set to star.
 id : 240252 ISBN : 0812550404  | name : Dinosaur Park  |  description : In a far distant future, on a far distant world, human settlers raise dinosaurs for religious ceremonies. When 10-year-old Kerryl Ryson misbehaves, his father is fed to one of the sacred creatures. Plotting his revenge for 16 years, Kerryl thinks he can defeat his enemies with the help of a time machine--but first he must return from the dead.
 id : 240253 ISBN : 0671747118  | name : Blue Bayou  |  description : Emerging from an alcohol rehab program to discover that his best friend has committed suicide, private investigator Terry Manion begins to investigate and discovers that a wave of unexplainable suicides is sweeping the city. 12,500 first printing.
 id : 240254 ISBN : 1878067966  | name : Lap Dancing for Mommy  |  description : Erika Lopez's award-winning work has reams of racy, raunchy and riotously funny appeal for audiences spanning regular comic fans to Generation X-ers to the queer literary world. This collection of comic, hilariously incisive narratives--illustrated in Lopez's splashy, apropos style--runs riot with mainstream perceptions of "underground" lifestyles--and with just about anything else that crosses this artist's keen eye.
 id : 240256 ISBN : 0452258804  | name : The Stories of Muriel Spark  |  description : Stories deal with childhood friends, settlers in Africa, home movies, infidelity, children, alcoholism, town life, and depression
 id : 240257 ISBN : 1585671398  | name : Yemen  |  description : This engaging, impressionistic portrait of a little-known land is the winner of the Thomas Cook Travel Book Award. Part of Arabia but like no place on earth, Yemen is one of the most fascinating countries in the world. Line art throughout.
 id : 240258 ISBN : 0824517717  | name : The Doctors of the Church  |  description : This book is designed to tell ordinary readers everything they always wanted to know about these important leaders but didn't know who to ask. This is the only book that provides the perennial wisdom of all thirty-three doctors for any who wish to deepen their grasp of the roots of the Christian faith.
 id : 240259 ISBN : 067941584X  | name : Buffett  |  description : An inside account of Warren Buffett's life chronicles his childhood ambitions, Columbia Business School education, investment strategies, early investments, and affiliations with American Express, Bershire Hathaway, and ABC. 50,000 first printing. Tour.
 id : 240260 ISBN : 0679438297  | name : All the Days and Nights  |  description : From the American Book Award-winning author of Ancestors and Time Will Darken comes a masterful collection of stories, spanning more than 50 years--a tour of a world that engages readers entirely, and whose characters command the deepest loyalty and tenderness.
 id : 240263 ISBN : 0761513981  | name : Increase Your Web Traffic in a Weekend  |  description : Aimed at beginning and intermediate Web publishers who want to improve their Web site and attract more visitors, this book allows Web publishers to tap into the tremendous potential the Web has to offer by allowing them to find out how to focus on the potential audience for their product or service.
 id : 240264 ISBN : 1582432538  | name : Aztec Treasure House  |  description : Here are tales of fabulous advances made in anthropology, archaeology, astronomy, and linguistics, stories of the Anasazi, the "old ones" of the southwestern desert, of the great explorers, eccentrics, dreamers, scientists, cranks, and geniuses. "There's no end to the list, of course," Connell says, "because gradually it descends from such legendary individuals to ourselves when, as children, obsessed by that same urge, we got permission to sleep in the backyard."
 id : 240265 ISBN : 0441003117  | name : The Borribles  |  description : Living in the midst of the London metropolis and haunting the streets at night, the mischievous Borribles live by their wits, avoiding the Special Borrible Group of the London Police whose assignment is to capture the imps and send them back to a boring c
 id : 240267 ISBN : 038073043X  | name : Crime Zero  |  description : What if the plague of violent crime could be eradicated fron the earth forever? What if the cure was more lethal than the disease? The death penalty is no deterrent. Prison reform has proven useless. With violent crime on a steady rise, a powerful cabal of scientists, politicians, and law-enforcement officials is looking to Project Conscience as a solution. A criminal psychologist with the FBI, Luke Decker is disgusted by his superiors' decision to embrace the controversial venture while ignoring its Possibly dangerous consequences. But shocking revelations whispered to him by a condemned killer on death row have plunged Decker into the terrifying intricacies of a monstrous conspiracy. Now his only ally is brilliant geneticist Dr. Kathy Kerronce Decker's lover, more recently his ideological adversary -- the brains behind the original Project Conscience. What they face is a potential catastrophe so vast and formidable, it threatens to alter forever the course of human evolution -- as the dream of peace and security morphs horribly into the nightmare of. . .
 id : 240268 ISBN : 0898152844  | name : The Complete Time Traveler  |  description : Describes places to go and events to see forward or backward of the year 2038.
 id : 240269 ISBN : 1559362030  | name : Dramatists Sourcebook  |  description : Now in its twenty-first year, Dramatists Sourcebook -- the bestselling guide for opportunities for stage writers -- is completely revised annually, with more than 1100 opportunities for playwrights, translators, composers, lyricists and librettists, as well as opportunities for screen, radio and television writers. In an easy to use format, the Sourcebook details script-submission procedures for more than 350 theatres seeking new plays; more than 150 prizes and sections on submission guidelines, fellowships and grants, organizations, script preparation, agents, colonies and residencies, workshops, publishing opportunities and submission calendar. Thoroughly indexed, with an invaluable calendar of submission deadlines, this is an indispensable reference work for any stage or screenwriter.
 id : 240270 ISBN : 042517641X  | name : From a Sealed Room  |  description : An abusive love affair between an American woman in Jerusalem and a former Israeli soldier. He is an artist who is haunted by memories of pacifying Arabs, which causes him to explode in violent rages at her expense.
 id : 240271 ISBN : 0786864192  | name : Please Don't Call Me Human  |  description : Imagine an Olympics where nations compete not on the basis of athletic prowess, but on their citizen's capacity for humiliation--and China is determined to win at any cost, in this new satirical novel by one of China's most popular novelists. 10,000 first printing.
 id : 240273 ISBN : 0452280419  | name : Double Delight  |  description : A master of "perfectly pitched psychological suspense" ("The New York Times Book Review") returns with a mesmerizing tale of crime and sexual obsession.
 id : 240274 ISBN : 0971051968  | name : Traveling the South Pacific  |  description : From Rarotonga through the Samoas and the Fijian Archipelago, immersed in another culture, the reader will be drawn to the islands as the author was again and again by the beauty and laughter, the rich earthy smell after a rain, and the clarity of light that has inspired generations of artists. The author found all that and more, wrapping a layer of reality around the myth of paradise.
 id : 240276 ISBN : 096782219X  | name : Perfect Trust  |  description : Rowan Gant, a witch, has the ability to see events through the eyes of others. Using this gift, he has helped the police find two serial killers. Now Detective Benjamin Storm is asking him to help find another predator, one who could test the basic rule of The Craft-- Harm none.
 id : 240277 ISBN : 034524754X  | name : A Fine and Private Place  |  description : Conversing in a mausoleum with the dead, an eccentric recluse is tugged back into the world by a pair of ghostly lovers bearing an extraordinary gift-the final chance for his own happiness. When challenged by a faithless wife and aided by a talking raven, the lives of the living and the dead may be renewed by courage and passion, but only if not belatedly. Told with an elegiac wisdom, this & delightful tale of magic and otherworldly love & is a timeless work of fantasy imbued with hope and wonder. After multiple printings since 1960, this newest edition will contain the author's recent revisions and will stand as the definitive version of an ageless classic.
 id : 240278 ISBN : 0843947675  | name : The Kiowa Verdict  |  description : This Spur Award-winning novel is set in 1871, when members of an Indian war party are put on trial to defend their brutal attack of a wagon train. The chiefs are tried in a Texas courtroom, with a former Indian fighter to defend them. Will a fair trial be possible?
 id : 240279 ISBN : 0843951281  | name : Drums Without Warriors  |  description : Returning home to Red Mound, Oklahoma, after a decade, Sam Colter is saddened that many of his childhood friends are gone. Now the discovery of oil on the lands of the Osage Indians bring death and terror to the area. Sam's closest Osage friend has been murdered, as well as the federal agent who was sent to investigate the deaths. Sam's determined to find out who's behind the violence.
 id : 240280 ISBN : 1552090965  | name : Green Fun  |  description : Suggests ways to use weeds, seeds, flowers, and leaves to create simple toys and games and encourage an enjoyment of the natural world.
 id : 240281 ISBN : 1565843533  | name : In My Own Words  |  description : "Translation of a text supposedly written by Eva Peron on her deathbed, but not published until 1987. The authenticity of the work has been questioned and it is highly unlikely that she wrote all of it. If it is hers, it displays the sharper aspects of h
 id : 240282 ISBN : 0425181537  | name : Life Flight  |  description : "Engine Nine, Rescue Nine. Engine Nine, Rescue Ninehellip;"When lives hang in the balance, theyrs"re the first ones at the scene, working under pressure of life and death. They must be fast, skilled, and confident. They must trust in themselves and in one another, because the people of Los Angeles are counting on them. Theyrs"re paramedics just doing their jobs. Theyrs"re the team of Night Angel 9.Teamwork and trust are the keys to the high stakes profession of being paramedics. But now the Night Angel 9 team suddenly find themselves adjusting to new assignments as one of their members is transferred out -only to be replaced by someone dangerously likely to crack under the strainhellip;
 id : 240283 ISBN : 0451195744  | name : Keeper of the Swans  |  description : Unwilling to marry a titled lord she barely knows, a beautiful young country girl flees from the lord's mansion to a rowboat on the river, where she overhears the truth about her approaching nuptials--he only wants her for her dowry. Before she can react, her boat's tether breaks, sending her down the raging river to her doom--until a stranger saves her, winning her heart with his courage and passion.
 id : 240284 ISBN : 0345430123  | name : Waiting in Vain  |  description : Charming, intelligent, stylish, and born in Jamaica, a man named Fire falls in love with a beautiful magazine editor and finds himself on a wild odyssey that takes him from Manhattan to Kingston and into his own soul. Reissue.
 id : 240285 ISBN : 0070479844  | name : Invest Like the Best  |  description : Provides advice on how to analyze and profit from investment information by using a computer program that imitates the investment strategies used by professional money managers
 id : 240287 ISBN : 0070482624  | name : Physics for the Utterly Confused  |  description : All the Help You'll Ever Need!--The Utterly Confused Series Handy icons to help students visualize concepts and techniques 500 self-testing questions More than 200 examples and solved problems A summary of key points for every chapter
 id : 240288 ISBN : 0070527113  | name : Schaum's Easy Outline of College Physics  |  description : Boiled-down essentials of the top-selling Schaum's Outline series for the student with limited time What could be better than the bestselling Schaum's Outline series? For students looking for a quick nuts-and-bolts overview, it would have to be Schaum's Easy Outline series. Every book in this series is a pared-down, simplified, and tightly focused version of its predecessor. With an emphasis on clarity and brevity, each new title features a streamlined and updated format and the absolute essence of the subject, presented in a concise and readily understandable form. Graphic elements such as sidebars, reader-alert icons, and boxed highlights stress selected points from the text, illuminate keys to learning, and give students quick pointers to the essentials. Designed to appeal to underprepared students and readers turned off by dense text Cartoons, sidebars, icons, and other graphic pointers get the material across fast Concise text focuses on the essence of the subject Delivers expert help from teachers who are authorities in their fields Perfect for last-minute test preparation So small and light that they fit in a backpack!
 id : 240291 ISBN : 0446613282  | name : Birth of an Age  |  description : Cloned from the ancient cells of Jesus Christ, Christopher Goodman is forced to sit back and watch the destruction of Earth in order to fulfill his destiny.
 id : 240292 ISBN : 0553288415  | name : Rock Star's Girl  |  description : When teen rock star Jamie Peters moves to Sweet Valley, Jessica is perplexed when her sister begins hanging around new girl Andrea Slade instead of staking out Jamie's house.
 id : 240293 ISBN : 0553292277  | name : Rosa's Lie  |  description : A high school girl conceals her Mexican heritage in order to join an elite group. Her grandmother visits.
 id : 240294 ISBN : 0553293095  | name : A Night to Remember  |  description : When a jealous conflict turns deadly, it threatens to destroy the prom on which Jessica and Elizabeth have worked so hard. Original.
 id : 240295 ISBN : 0553285769  | name : Enid's Story  |  description : Elizabeth Wakefield becomes worried about her best friend, Enid Rollins, whose father is an alcoholic, when Enid begins to argue with her mother and friends, becomes involved with Brian Foster and his fast crowd, and takes up drinking and smoking pot.
 id : 240296 ISBN : 0553570056  | name : Elizabeth's Secret Diary  |  description : Elizabeth Wakefield has never felt so panicked! She's supposed to be completely in love with Todd, but all she can think about is Jeffrey. She broke up with Jeffrey because Todd moved back from Vermont... and she wanted to give their love another chance. Elizabeth loves Todd, but she can't keep pretending that her feelings for Jeffrey have stopped. When Elizabeth sees a forlorn Jeffrey at the Dairy Burger, she has to talk to him. Who knows what will happen? And what if Todd finds out?
 id : 240297 ISBN : 0553492322  | name : The Big Night  |  description : Elizabeth Wakefield can't wait to attend the prom on the arm of Devon Whitelaw, but will she be swept away by romantic memories when her ex-boyfriend, Todd Wilkins, wants to be alone with her one last time? Meanwhile, Jessica Wakefield has been ditched by her prom date, and she wonders if she'll be spending the big night all alone.
 id : 240298 ISBN : 0553567594  | name : Elizabeth's Rival  |  description : Elizabeth is thrilled to be a junior counselor at Camp Echo Mountain in Montana! Best of all, Elizabeth is reunited with Maria Slater, one of her closest friends from middle school, who's also a counselor. But when Maria introduces Elizabeth to her best friend Nicole Banes, it's hate at first sight. And now the two girls are falling for the same guy.
 id : 240300 ISBN : 0553562304  | name : Left at the Altar  |  description : At the same time she and her twin sister, Elizabeth, are helping their new friend, Sue Gibbons, plan her wedding, Jessica's meeting secretly with Sue's fiance. Sweet Valley High #108.
 id : 240301 ISBN : 0553292315  | name : Soap Star  |  description : A "Sweet Valley High" book.
 id : 240302 ISBN : 055329850X  | name : Stepsisters  |  description : "Will Cheryl fit in at Sweet Valley High? Jessica and Elizabeth Wakefield have a new neighbor--their friend and sorority sister Annie Whitman. Annie's mother is getting married to a famous African-American photographer from New York City, and the new family is moving in next door. Annie can't wait to introduce her stepsister-to-be to all her Sweet Valley High friends. She tries her best to make Cheryl feel at home in Sweet Valley, but Cheryl, used to the excitement of New York City, doesn't seem interested in fading into the crowd. Annie is hurt and thinks Cheryl's a snob. Can two such different people ever become sisters?
 id : 240303 ISBN : 0553292269  | name : The Girl They Both Loved  |  description : Worried about her boyfriend Michael's obsession with beating his former friend, Artie Western, in the upcoming dirt bike race, April Dawson tries to find out what it was in the past that tore the two friends, Michael and Artie, apart.
 id : 240304 ISBN : 080326724X  | name : Cherokee  |  description : A humorous and savvy Diva-like novel that mixes new-wave cinema, traditional roman noir, vintage Buster Keaton and the rhythms of Charlie Parker to tell its story of an innocent young man's dreamy pursuit of a mysterious woman.
 id : 240305 ISBN : 0553291874  | name : The Dating Game  |  description : Thrilled at the passionate love letters they have both received, friends Jean West and Claire Middleton are horrified to discover that their letters are from the same guy--arrogant Scott Trost.
 id : 240306 ISBN : 0802137342  | name : Up Through the Water  |  description : Sixteen-year-old Eddie, who spends summers on an island with his mother, falls in love with a spirited island girl as his mother, forced to choose between two men, takes to the sea for solace, in a new edition of the debut novel by the author of Suicide Blonde. Reprint.
 id : 240308 ISBN : 0553298526  | name : The Morning After  |  description : Vol. 95.
 id : 240309 ISBN : 0553570641  | name : Model Flirt  |  description : Jessica and Elizabeth make the most of their internships at a world class fashion magazine.
 id : 240311 ISBN : 0553562274  | name : Love and Death in London  |  description : As interns with the Scotland Yard beat for the London Journal in England, the Wakefield twins decide to discover who, or what, is killing people, leaving them looking as if they were attacked by a wild animal.
 id : 240312 ISBN : 0553562347  | name : Beware the Wolfman  |  description : Elizabeth and Jessica track a deadly wolfman through London. Sweet Valley High.
 id : 240313 ISBN : 0553562320  | name : Death Threat  |  description : When the Wakefield's houseguest and Jessica's biggest rival is kidnapped, Jeremy, Jessica's fiance+a7, insists he can find the kidnappers, until Jessica catches him in the wrong place and fears she will have to betray Jeremy in order to save Sue. Original.
 id : 240314 ISBN : 0553492292  | name : Elizabeth is Mine  |  description : Todd is going to have to work to keep Elizabeth because she is attracted to Devon.
 id : 240315 ISBN : 0553492306  | name : Please Forgive Me  |  description : Will Elizabeth surrender to love? Elizabeth Wakefield's heart is being ripped to shreds. The rivalry between her longtime boyfriend, Todd Wilkins, and the mysterious Devon Whitelaw has erupted into violence. Forget choosing between them. A disgusted Elizabeth ditches them both. Unless they can both grow up, she'll never speak to either one of them again! Horrified and feeling guilty that he flew off the handle, Todd understands why Elizabeth will have nothing to do with him. But he's not about to give up without a fight. When a dance that Elizabeth is organizing doesn't go as planned, Todd seizes the opportunity to prove how far he'll go to win her forgiveness. But will his desperate effort push him over the edge?
 id : 240317 ISBN : 0553562312  | name : Double-crossed  |  description : Jessica Wakefield is engaged to the love of her life. Sweet Valley High #109.
 id : 240318 ISBN : 0807031275  | name : Radical Equations  |  description : The remarkable story of the Algebra Project, a community-based effort to develop math-science literacy in disadvantaged schools—as told by the program’s founder “Bob Moses was a hero of mine. His quiet confidence helped shape the civil rights movement, and he inspired generations of young people looking to make a difference”—Barack Obama At a time when popular solutions to the educational plight of poor children of color are imposed from the outside—national standards, high-stakes tests, charismatic individual saviors—the acclaimed Algebra Project and its founder, Robert Moses, offer a vision of school reform based in the power of communities. Begun in 1982, the Algebra Project is transforming math education in twenty-five cities. Founded on the belief that math-science literacy is a prerequisite for full citizenship in society, the Project works with entire communities—parents, teachers, and especially students—to create a culture of literacy around algebra, a crucial stepping-stone to college math and opportunity. Telling the story of this remarkable program, Robert Moses draws on lessons from the 1960s Southern voter registration he famously helped organize: “Everyone said sharecroppers didn't want to vote. It wasn't until we got them demanding to vote that we got attention. Today, when kids are falling wholesale through the cracks, people say they don't want to learn. We have to get the kids themselves to demand what everyone says they don't want.” We see the Algebra Project organizing community by community. Older kids serve as coaches for younger students and build a self-sustained tradition of leadership. Teachers use innovative techniques. And we see the remarkable success stories of schools like the predominately poor Hart School in Bessemer, Alabama, which outscored the city's middle-class flagship school in just three years. Radical Equations provides a model for anyone looking for a community-based solution to the problems of our disadvantaged schools.
 id : 240319 ISBN : 0553570668  | name : Once Upon a Time  |  description : Jessica and Elizabath are spending the summer as au pairs in a French castle by the sea.
 id : 240323 ISBN : 1877988308  | name : Don't Go to the Cosmetics Counter Without Me  |  description : This book is loaded with new research that reveals fascinating information about cosmetic ingredients and formulas.
 id : 240325 ISBN : 0312864868  | name : Cheyenne Raiders  |  description : When Thomas McCabe of the Bureau of Indian Affairs falls in love with Night Bird Woman, he must first prove himself by passing the excruciatingly painful and spiritually breathtaking Test of Fire.
 id : 240326 ISBN : 0312863241  | name : Shifting Stars  |  description : Skye is born into a remote world of the unsettled West--her Scottish father a loving but moody mountain man, her mother a Lakota bride taken from her Sioux family by this passionate Highlander. But the steel-springed lunge of a mountain lion tears Skye's mother from her, starting her on a destiny-filled journey. With half-Scottish feet clad in Indian moccasins, Skye walks two separate paths, not knowing whether to believe her father's bitter enemy who calls her a half-breed, or Turtle Woman, her proud Lakota grandmother. "Granddaughter, do not be ashamed. Your blood is like the Fire Without End. And the blood of your children will be like the sacred fire, for no matter how diluted the blood of your descendants becomes, the sacred fire will always burn within their soul. You, my takoja, have become the Keeper of the Flame." Born beneath a comet of shifting stars and bequeathed a warrior's legacy, Skye must learn to wield her father's broadsword. On a journey to the sacred Medicine Wheel, filled with love and revenge, she learns finally that to be a woman warrior has little to do with fighting, and everything to do with spirit.
 id : 240327 ISBN : 0451173635  | name : Dr. Mom's Parenting Guide  |  description : A guide to parenting by the nationally renowned pediatrician and mother of five discusses stress, self-esteem, sibling rivalry, misbehavior, tradition, and family values
 id : 240328 ISBN : 0553566385  | name : In Love with the Enemy  |  description : Christian Gorman is the sexiest guy Jessica has ever laid eyes on. Now that he's teaching her how to surf, they're not only catching waves, they're falling in love. And sneaking around behind her boyfriend Ken Matthew's back is dangerously exciting. But there's something about Christian that Jessica doesn't know. He's the leader of Palisade High's most violent gang.
 id : 240329 ISBN : 0887305059  | name : The Anatomy of a Great Executive  |  description : Wareham, executive recruiter and bestselling author, provides a brilliant yet simple framework for understanding executive greatness. This framework clearly explains how to identify executives' energy systems, minds, work habits, people skills, stability, common sense, and maturity.
 id : 240330 ISBN : 0761503277  | name : Back Pain-what Works!  |  description : Two medical doctors offer practical advice about the pain that affects up to 80 percent of the adult population. The book includes treatment options, simple exercises, and advice about how to overcome it.
 id : 240332 ISBN : 044921754X  | name : Crazy in Love  |  description : Wick, an up-and-coming Wall Street lawyer, and Georgianna, a brilliant one-woman think tank, are involved in a fiercely passionate love that becomes threatened by imminent drastic change
 id : 240333 ISBN : 067003066X  | name : Homo Zapiens  |  description : The collapse of the Soviet Union has opened up a huge consumer market, but how do you sell things to a generation that grew up with just one type of cola? When Tatarsky, a frustrated poet, takes a job as an advertising copywriter, he finds he has a talent for putting distinctively Russian twists on Western-style ads. But his success leads him into a surreal world of spin doctors, gangsters, drug trips, and the spirit of Che Guevera, who, by way of a Ouija board, communicates theories of consumer theology. A bestseller in Russia, "Homo Zapiens" displays the biting absurdist satire that has gained Victor Pelevin superstar status among today's Russian youth, disapproval from the conservative Moscow literary world, and critical acclaim worldwide.
 id : 240334 ISBN : 1559706023  | name : Mimi's Ghost  |  description : "Morris can't get over Mimi. But then, he should have thought of that before he kidnapped and killed her. Two years ago, the Italian girl eloped with him. Even as Morris turned elopement into kidnap, writing ransom notes and collecting the cash, he was also falling deeply, genuinely in love." -- Jacket.
 id : 240335 ISBN : 0393312488  | name : I Knew a Phoenix  |  description : Sarton's memoir begins with her roots in a Belgian childhood and describes her youth and education in Cambridge, Massachusetts, her coming-of-age years, and the people who influenced her life as a writer.
 id : 240336 ISBN : 0385483872  | name : 1001 Things Everyone Should Know about Women's History  |  description : An entertaining and panoramic view of the female half of history.
 id : 240337 ISBN : 0953868826  | name : Gower Story  |  description : Settled in her village home, minding her own business, Olwen Harris has everything she could want except a family of her own; and she thinks she can live without that. Little does she know that the local community is about to be blown apart by terrible rumours about the activities of its vicar, Olwen's friend and personal idol.
 id : 240341 ISBN : 0452280753  | name : The True History of Paradise  |  description : A woman in mourning over the death of her dear sister in violence-torn Jamaica is lured to America by voices of the spirit world.
 id : 240342 ISBN : 0553277553  | name : When Love Dies  |  description : Steven, the Wakefield twins' older brother, is upset when his long-time girlfriend, Tricia Martin, starts cooling off their relationship, and Elizabeth sets out to discover the reason for her strange behavior.
 id : 240343 ISBN : 0553250167  | name : Wrong Kind of Girl  |  description : Jessica is determined to keep Annie Whitman off of the Sweet Valley High cheering squad.
 id : 240344 ISBN : 0553278789  | name : Racing Hearts  |  description : Wealthy Lia Fowler pays no attention to Roger Barrett, until he wins the qualifying heat for a big race and becomes the school celebrity.
 id : 240346 ISBN : 0345289315  | name : A Woman Against the World  |  description : Born in poverty, Therese Lachman makes her fortune as a courtesan and spy in nineteenth-century Europe
 id : 240347 ISBN : 0553274449  | name : Head Over Heels  |  description : When snobbish Bruce Patman falls for the lovely but shy Regina Morrow, Jessica Wakefield makes a bet with Lila Fowler that the romance will not last.
 id : 240348 ISBN : 0312877412  | name : People of the Owl  |  description : Recounts the story of the trading empire of Poverty Port, Louisiana, of 3500 years ago, during which warrior and shaman, Salamander, experiences a vision that shapes the destiny of his people. 50,000 first printing.
 id : 240350 ISBN : 0740712268  | name : The Sacrifice  |  description : A Father Koesler mystery.
 id : 240357 ISBN : 0060196343  | name : The Cloud Sketcher  |  description : As the liner Ile de France docks in New York harbor, passengers notice with surprise the policemen gathered below and speculate as to which criminal among them will soon be apprehended. Here and there a single word floats above the general din: murder. Now and then a sage head tips knowingly in the direction of a flamboyant bootlegger: a crime of passion. But when the crowd begins to make its way down the gangplank, the notorious gangster slips through unmolested. Instead it's a celebrated architect with bums from a childhood accident partly covered by the patch over one eye -- who submits to authorities and is taken away in handcuffs. So begins The Cloud Sketcher, a passionate tale of love and war and art that ranges from the ice fields of the Arctic Circle at the dawn of the last century to the ruthless world of New York real estate speculation in the 1920s. In a tiny village in the northernmost reaches of Finland, a young boy named Esko Vaananen mourns the death of his mother, who died in the same fire that so horribly scarred his face. Miserably, impossibly in love with the beautiful daughter of a Russian aristocrat, Esko is at the brink of despair when, in the magical light of the aurora borealis, he has a vision of an impossibly tall building rising gracefully from the frozen lake and disappearing into the clouds above him. This pilvenpiirtaja--"cloud sketcher," or skyscraper sparks Esko's lifelong quest for beauty. He becomes an architect, believing that if he can create something of unparalleled loveliness, surely then he will be worthy of the love of Katerina Malysheva. This obsessive desire will cause Esko to risk everything time and again: as a reluctant hero in the bloody Battle of Tampere (the defining battle in the Finnish Civil War); as a laborer on the treacherous high steel of a riveting gang, hundreds of feet above Manhattan's city streets; as a player in the ruthless world of New York real estate speculation; and, finally, as a man accused of murdering the husband of the woman he loves. The Cloud Sketcher is a transforming journey into the heart of beauty and the peril of love, a romantic, lyrical epic that resurrects history with such authenticity and drama as to place Richard Rayner in the company of our very best novelists.
 id : 240358 ISBN : 0440206634  | name : Along Came a Spider  |  description : Alice is happy living in Soho with her artist stepfather Todd, her laughing mother, and her little sister Daria. But the fairy tale falls apart when Todd moves his family to his ancestor's Georgian estate--Broderick mansion--the scene of ancient secrets and dark forces converging to eliminate all signs of life.
 id : 240359 ISBN : 0740723553  | name : Forever Friends  |  description : Author's web site: www.beckykelly.com/
 id : 240360 ISBN : 0395664152  | name : Fly Away Home  |  description : In this ALA Notable Children's Book, a homeless boy who lives in an airport with his father, moving from terminal to terminal trying not to be noticed, is given hope when a trapped bird finally finds its freedom.
 id : 240364 ISBN : 0679822690  | name : The Catacombs  |  description : Teenage McKenzie Gold uses her psychic powers to fight a hideous flesh-eating thing that lurks beneath Idlewood Amusement Park.
 id : 240365 ISBN : 0416842305  | name : Dragonfall 5 and the Hijackers  |  description : The crew of the ancient starship, Dragonfall 5, are hijacked while on an important mission.
 id : 240366 ISBN : 0061081760  | name : Heart of the Jaguar  |  description : Louisa Janks, a half-breed Comanche, was as stunning as the wild horses she tamed, but her heart was broken when the only man she ever loved left without a word. Six years later Lt. Sam Strong returned, but their stormy reunion was cut short when Louisa was captured by bandits. With no hope of escape on her own, Louisa discovered just how far Sam would go to prove his love.
 id : 240369 ISBN : 0821733095  | name : Truman's Spy  |  description : Bestselling author of numerous books, screenplays, and magazine articles, Hynd has proven himself to be a master of espionage fiction. Truman's Spy is set against the highly-charged backdrop of the Cold War, and as the political climate heats up, Hynd's fascinating characters--including J. Edgar Hoover and Harry Truman--play out a chilling game of deception that threatens the free world.
 id : 240370 ISBN : 0312034024  | name : Modern Women  |  description : Jane, Elly, and Lincky had inherited a world of traditional roles and over the years they would rewrite them as they opened the doors into the future.
 id : 240373 ISBN : 0449234088  | name : The Godfather  |  description : The Godfather is an extraordinary novel which has become a modern day classic. Puzo pulls us inside the violent society of the Mafia and its gang wars.The leader, Vito Corleone, is the Godfather. He is a benevolent despot who stops at nothing to gain and hold power. His command post is a fortress on Long Island from which he presides over a vast underground empire that includes the rackets, gambling, bookmaking, and unions. His influence runs through all levels of American society, from the cop on the beat to the nation's mighty.Mario Puzo, a master storyteller, introduces us to unforgettable characters, and the elements of this world explode to life in this violent and impassioned chronicle.
 id : 240374 ISBN : 1400046394  | name : A Goomba's Guide to Life  |  description : The actor from HBO's popular series "The Sopranos" offers a humorous look at Italian American culture and includes his thoughts on his own journey from his Brooklyn childhood to success as an actor.
 id : 240375 ISBN : 1566860482  | name : Visual C++ Programming  |  description : A thorough introduction to Visual C++ that aims to get users productive with object-oriented, event driven programming quickly--assumes some knowledge of traditional C programming. Includes in-depth coverage of the new Visual C++ environment and emerging technologies including MDI, DDE, OLE, pen computing, how to create DLLs, the application framework MFC2, and more.
 id : 240376 ISBN : 0140590099  | name : Precious Bane  |  description : Prudence Sarn's hare lip is a curse that has become her precious bane. The superstitious folk of 19th century Shropshire certainly treat it as a bane and whilst her true beauty is finally recognised, the curse brings her great misfortune.
 id : 240378 ISBN : 1562829726  | name : I Wanna Do it Myself  |  description : Tells how parents can nurture their children's growing ability to calm, control, and entertain themselves, and gives advice on helping them become independent and self-confident adults
 id : 240380 ISBN : 0316643971  | name : Belladonna  |  description : Belladonna was sold as a sexual slave for $1 million. After years of abuse at the hands of an anonymous English aristocrat and his peers she escapes with her daughter and two servants. One of these, Thomasino, an Italian partisan castrated by the Gestapo, narrates the story - how he and his brother nurse her back to confidence and how they decide to seek revenge on the people who so damaged her and caused the death of her son. They settle in New York and open an opulent and decadent nightclub, sure that its erotic reputation will lure the men who abused her. The plan succeeds but only after Belladonna has fallen for Guy and believes she no longer needs the protection of Thomasino. Disillusioned and hurt he realises that revenge is not a sweet dish and in an exquisitely moving finale Belladonna comes to the same conclusion.
 id : 240384 ISBN : 0070118922  | name : Chuck Carlson's 60-Second Investor: 201 Tips, Tools, and Tactics for the Time-Strapped Investor  |  description : One minute. That's all it takes to become a savvy individual investor and get on top of the best investment strategies, secrets of stock market movements, professional trading tactics, and sound, strategic financial planning. From the best-selling author of Buying Stocks Without a Broker comes this cure for investment information overload. In a unique quick-take format and in his famous crisp, no-nonsense style, Chuck Carlson breaks down the mysteries of Wall Street into digestible, but potent,bite-size chunks. Learning the essentials of wealth-building has never been so quick and easy.
 id : 240385 ISBN : 0002244705  | name : Charity  |  description : No musician has lived a more transformational, or more tragic, life than Charlie Parker, one of the most talented and influential figures of the twentieth century. From the start of his career in the late 1930s, Parker was a new kind of American artist: a revolutionary musician who internalized all of popular music and blew it back through his alto saxophone "at the tempo of emergency"--even as he wrestled with a drug addiction that would ultimately contribute to his death at thirty-four. Yet no writer has fully captured the arc and texture of Parker's personal story . . . until now. Kansas City Lightning, the first in a two-volume life of Parker by Stanley Crouch, draws on decades of original interviews with peers, collaborators, and family members to reveal Parker as he emerged from the landscapes--literal and artistic--that he inhabited. A precocious child, shy yet self-possessed, Charlie ventured early into the nightlife of wide-open Depression Kansas City, a veritable stomping ground for such bandleaders as Walter Page, Bennie Moten, and Moten's successor, Count Basie, the king of Kansas City swing. Inspired by saxophonists Lester Young and Chu Berry, trumpeter Roy Eldridge, and his mentor Buster Smith, Parker endured initial humiliation on the bandstand--yet persevered until he mastered the idiom and began to transcend it. Kansas City Lightning follows Parker from the "freak shows" and "spook breakfasts" of late-night Kansas City, to the segregated union halls of Chicago, and finally to New York's Harlem ballrooms. Most intimately, it brings us into young Charlie Parker's family circle, as he plunged headlong into a very adult world--lured by both music and drugs, torn between his oddly protective mother and Rebecca Ruffin, the impressionable young woman whose romance with Charlie is at the bittersweet heart of this story. With the musical wisdom of a lifetime jazz scholar, the cultural insights of an indispensable social critic, and the narrative skill of a writer at the height of his powers, Crouch brings Parker back to glorious, surprising, and deeply moving life.
 id : 240390 ISBN : 1560549823  | name : The Valley of Horses  |  description : Ayla shares a lonely valley with a herd of steppe ponies, harnesses their power, and discovers speech and love with Jondalar, a member of her own race
 id : 240392 ISBN : 0590417142  | name : Tell Me How the Wind Sounds  |  description : An ordinary summer at the beach becomes a life lesson in love and understanding when fifteen-year-old Amanda meets Jake, a seventeen-year-old deaf boy. Reprint.
 id : 240394 ISBN : 0590403044  | name : Pulling Together  |  description : Jessica, Sean, and Tarra all have different reasons for wanting to be cheerleaders, and Olivia wonders if they can ever learn to work together as a team.
 id : 240396 ISBN : 0553258974  | name : The Lords of Discipline  |  description : While attending an elite military academy, Will McLean is forced to face an excruciating moral dilemma. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 240399 ISBN : 0373263864  | name : He who Dies  |  description : "Ex-Marine-turned-private investigator Angela Matelli comes from a large family that has moved away from its original East Boston home. While Angela and her siblings have chosen different lifestyles and professions, there is one inviolable rule that remains in all their lives ... everyone goes to their mother's house for Sunday dinner. So when Angela's brother Albert misses twice in a row, Mrs. Matelli is certain that something bad has happened to her son."--Jacket.
 id : 240402 ISBN : 0312265565  | name : Clearing the Bases  |  description : Presents baseball's most controversial issues and players, discussing Mickey Mantle, Babe Ruth, Joe DiMaggio, Ted Williams, Jackie Robinson, and Pete Rose.
 id : 240406 ISBN : 0345298268  | name : Barbarian Princess  |  description : The Silures and Ordovices plot war against the Roman forces occupying their native Britain
 id : 240408 ISBN : 0960521038  | name : The Perennial Political Palate  |  description : The third cookbook in their highly acclaimed series reflects the evolving consciousness of this feminist, vegetarian collective. The recipes take readers through the seasons & are 85 percent vegan. Personal insights are offered & quotes from Bloodroot's favorite authors spice the collection. Emphasis is on ethnic & ethical cooking, their commitment to feminism & growth as individual women living & working collectively. "Great restaurants are a mix of extraordinary skill, use of the best ingredients & an inviting ambience for dining. My favorite restaurant brings these elements together...a feminist vegetarian restaurant & bookstore. The women of Bloodroot Collective cherish the act of creating--with the Earth & with each other."--Mariclare Barrett, Food Editor, VEGETARIAN TIMES. "THE POLITICAL PALATE, the first vegetarian & seasonal cookbook, is a delight to read & cook from. This large assortment of recipes is different, creative, easy to follow & delicious. The whole thing is beautifully designed."--Robin Morgan, MS. MAGAZINE. "Delicious, consciousness-charging recipes for putting animals into your feminist vision & taking them out of your meals."--Carol Adams, THE SEXUAL POLITICS OF MEAT.
 id : 240409 ISBN : 0415080150  | name : Feminism and Contemporary Art  |  description : First published in 2002. Routledge is an imprint of Taylor & Francis, an informa company.
 id : 240410 ISBN : 0471855804  | name : The UNIX Command Reference Guide  |  description : Describes the most useful UNIX commands and covers the System V UNIX system and the Berkeley UNIX system. In addition to listing the commands and definitions, the book includes examples that illustrate the use of the commands. Covers core commands, making it easier for the novice to distinguish between the essential and the extraneous. Summaries of several key subsystems -- vi, awk, sed, shells, text processing -- will make it easier for intermediate and advanced users to find important information.Includes synopses and examples as well as Editor Command charts for vi and ed texts, Command Syntax charts, and MS DOS to UNIX cross references.
 id : 240413 ISBN : 0789705419  | name : 10 Minute Guide to HTML  |  description : The World Wide Web is growing at an exponential rate--between 50 and 100 new servers are added to the Web each day. This book is the best tutorial for people who want to quickly learn the essentials of HTML to create their own Web pages. It teaches the essentials of HTML in 20 mini-tutorials, each of which can be completed in 10 minutes or less.
 id : 240419 ISBN : 0749703431  | name : The Stone Menagerie  |  description : Ally really doesn't want to go with his mum on her weekly visit to his fragile aunt at the hospital -- until he discovers a hidden garden in the grounds where a young homeless couple have made themselves a home. Suddenly Ally discovers a new way of looking at the world. But there is another side to the coin, too, and the young couple must also be prepared to adapt to suit their changing circumstances....
 id : 240423 ISBN : 0140507140  | name : I'm a Baby, You're a Baby  |  description : In this book for the very young child, human babies meet animal babies of lots of different shapes and sizes, learning their proper names - puppy, kitten, lamb, etc. - along the way.
 id : 240424 ISBN : 0806515058  | name : The Howard Stern Book  |  description : Scourge of the FCC, superhero to his fans, Howard Stern, known as the "King of all Media, " comes through loud and clear in this great new book written by a fan for all of Howard's fans. Now, you can relive your favorite moments with Howard - his best put-downs, his wildest guests, his nastiest comments, and his dirtiest song parodies - just by buying this book. The Howard Stern Book: An Unauthorized, Unabashed, Uncensored Fan's Guide covers Howard's formative years, his radio and television careers, his number-one bestselling book, his legendary battles with the FCC, his popular video releases and pay-per-view specials, and his budding movie career. It describes in hilarious detail: how Howard came to meet his on-air family; Robin, Fred, and Jackie; what his real interest in Jessica Hahn is; why his mother Rae can dish it out better than he can; just exactly what "Baba Booey" means; his friendship with the late Sam Kinison; how he assembled his cast of characters, colleagues and sidekicks; and much more. Filled with graphic excerpts from his shows that you won't want to miss, The Howard Stern Book once again confirms why radio's Bad Boy - and self-proclaimed genius - is the man who insults us and leaves us clamoring for more.
 id : 240425 ISBN : 0613288270  | name : 1812  |  description : A fictional account of the War of 1812 follows the lives of James Madison and his wife, Andrew Jackson, a young soldier named Winfield Scott, and a journalist named Sally Quirk as they live through the war.
 id : 240431 ISBN : 0821753398  | name : A Perilous Attraction  |  description : During a trip to Bath, penniless Alissa Morgan finds herself unexpectedly dealing with an abandoned infant, a handsome fellow traveler who possesses a fabled diamond necklace, and a notorious masked highwayman. Original.
 id : 240433 ISBN : 0373980027  | name : Lou Dunlop  |  description : After English class, Jenny asks Lou to help her find a missing classmate.
 id : 240435 ISBN : 1840724331  | name : Where Dogs Dream  |  description : Whether curled up by the fire, paws twitching, or lolling in a cool stream on a sunny day, all dogs have their special place to dream. This book includes more than 45 adorable colour photos of puppies and dogs in their favorite places. It also includes wise, witty, and humorous quotations from poets, mystics, and other imaginative writers.
 id : 240438 ISBN : 0590405098  | name : Veronica Knows Best  |  description : No longer a show-off, Veronica decides the best way to make friends is to "take an interest" in people and determines to practice this theory on Kimberly Watson. Sequel to "Veronica the Show-Off."
 id : 240440 ISBN : 1565660560  | name : Hollywood Drag  |  description : Hollywood has always loved to dress up--often as the opposite sex. This fascinating collection of 50 vintage and contemporary images by Hollywood's most accomplished photographers includes Marlene Dietrich in tux, Katherine Hepburn in tie and trousers, and more. With witty and informed captions.
 id : 240442 ISBN : 0811801292  | name : On Flowers  |  description : A superb sourcebook for arrangers, stylists, photographers, and decorators who work with and love flowers.
 id : 240443 ISBN : 0899190774  | name : The Tickle Tree  |  description : In his search for the best tickle in the world, a squirrel enlists the help of a cat, a rooster, some chicks, a goat, a horse, a camel, and finally, a palm tree.
 id : 240445 ISBN : 1561381543  | name : Disney's The Little Mermaid  |  description : A princess takes refuge from her wicked stepmother in the cottage of seven dwarfs as portrayed in the 1937 Disney movie.
 id : 240447 ISBN : 1852422572  | name : An Olympic Death  |  description : The Barcelona detective Pepe Carvalho has been hired by a beautiful French woman and a mysterious man involved in the planning of the 1992 Olympic Games. Into his life comes danger and puzzling clues in the form of murdered Greeks, Arab criminals and a sadistic, anonymous killer.
 id : 240450 ISBN : 068483409X  | name : The Trouble with Testosterone  |  description : Essays on the biology of the human predicament.
 id : 240452 ISBN : 0864921861  | name : Dipped in Shadow  |  description : Claire Harris is one of Canada's most powerful poets. Dipped in Shadow shows her at her strongest, the book's five poems making hard-hitting statements about women and their children. "O what are you thinking my sisters," the book's foreword, draws women of all races together in the fundamental facts of female life: fear for themselves and fear for their children. In "Night Dances," a frightening story of sexual and physical abuse, knife-sharp language and experimental form expand words far beyond their usual connotations. "Sister (Y)our Manchild" reminds women that the cruellest soldiers in the most vicious wars are their babies; they have nurtured evil in their beautiful children. "This Fierce Body" reviews the life of a young man dying of AIDS as friends watch at his bedside. Experimental form and language make "Woeman Womb Prisoned," a harrowing evocation of a teenager in childbirth, both moving and provocative.
 id : 240453 ISBN : 004440932X  | name : Making Out  |  description : Written from the inside of the lesbian experience, this original exploration explains the realities of female relationships, looks at the intricacies of love play, and discusses lesbianism as a multicultural phenomenon in today's society. Beautifully illustrated with 250 full-color photos.
 id : 240455 ISBN : 0920897134  | name : White Lies (for My Mother)  |  description : Based on fifteen years of her own journal entries, the author explores her scattered memories of being sexually abused by her father and grandfather and the impact of this abuse upon her relationship with her mother.
 id : 240456 ISBN : 0416484700  | name : The Chewing-gum Rescue and Other Stories  |  description : This book includes eleven exciting stories by the witty Margaret Mahy. The collection ranges from the hilarious title story to the pure fantasy of "The Travelling Boy and the Stay-at-Home Bird" and "The Devil and the Corner Grocer".
 id : 240457 ISBN : 0916397475  | name : Bite Hard  |  description : The first collection by award-winning poet Justin Chin. He explores his identity as Asian, gay, and a lover.
 id : 240459 ISBN : 0061040886  | name : The Power of Optimism  |  description : A guide to becoming an optimist offers advice on how to look for good in bad situations, value partial solutions, interrupt negative trains of thought, share good news, and much more. Original.
 id : 240460 ISBN : 8484602796  | name : El papa dijo no  |  description : Es cierto que el Papa les dijo no. Pero sí aceptaron ser entrevistados por Gomaespuma los cientos de personajes famosos que desfilaron por su programa de M-80.Ahora, el dúo corchopán reúne quince de aquellas entrevistas y nos cuenta todos los detalles y cotilleos de la trastienda del programa y sus recuerdos más divertidos sobre los entrevistados.Gomaespuma ha seleccionado esta nómina estelar de las figuras más emblemáticas de nuestro tiempo: políticos, desde Felipe González a José María Aznar, escritores de la talla de Ana María Matute o José Luis Sampedro, y actores tan memorables como Marisa Paredes o Paco Rabal. Y de sus andanzas por otros continentes, Guillermo Fesser y Juan Luis Cano recogen sus conversaciones con el ex presidente Menem en Argentina, con el rey Abdalá de Jordania, con el entrañable escritor Eduardo Galeano en Uruguay, y con Joan Manuel Serrat... en Nueva York.Y como bonus track, un CD con tres entrevistas a personajes ficticios de la factoría de Gomaespuma, donde vuelven a demostrarnos, con su estilo inconfundible, que la risa no está reñida con la inteligencia.
 id : 240465 ISBN : 0393315215  | name : George Eliot, Voice of a Century  |  description : Frederick R. Karl's magisterial biography of George Eliot proves her to be one of the most fascinating and iconic individuals of her time. Born in 1819 as Mary Anne Evans, she grew up near rural Coventry when the pastoral life was being destroyed by the rapid rise of industrialism. Her father, Robert Evans, took care of an estate, where the family lived. Eliot, his youngest child, absorbed the world around her, its beauty and its delicate sense of stability, which was about to be thoroughly disrupted. Eliot thrived on learning while she stayed home, taking care of her aging father. Upon his death, she began her long process of emergence and change. Her unusual intelligence and literary capacity brought her to the attention of John Chapman, who enlisted her to work on the intellectual Westminster Review in London. While there she met some of the leading thinkers of her era, including Herbert Spencer. Karl focuses on her relationships with these men in a way earlier biographers have been unable, using many letters and documents previously unavailable.
 id : 240466 ISBN : 089526711X  | name : Das Kapital  |  description : Presents a new revision and modern translation of Marx's great work, which laid the foundation for the development of new political and economic systems in the twentieth century.
 id : 240467 ISBN : 0451163087  | name : For the New Intellectual  |  description : Ideas of the contemporary novelist on capitalism, individual liberty, and free enterprise, illustrated by extracts from her four novels.
 id : 240468 ISBN : 0553159356  | name : The Slime That Ate Sweet Valley  |  description : Excited about winning the lead role in Sweet Valley Middle School's sixth-grade movie, Jessica is dismayed when she learns that her role requires her to kiss Winston Egbert and Randy Mason on camera.
 id : 240469 ISBN : 0830701974  | name : Promises to Live by  |  description : When you gave your heart to Christ and became a Jesus person, you inherited a great wealth--all the hundreds of promises God gave you in His Word and as a child of God you must claim them, believe them and act upon them.
 id : 240472 ISBN : 1853267759  | name : The Prince  |  description : Written in 1513 for the Medici, immediately following their return to power in Florence, "The Prince" remains as relevant a text on the craft of ruling and the exercise of power in today's world, as it was in the 16th century.
 id : 240473 ISBN : 0340364793  | name : Child of the Covenant  |  description : This biography tells of a Jewish girl rediscovering her roots by finding Christ. Michele Guinness was brought up to observe all the traditions and ritual of her Jewish culture. An encounter with a Christian raised many questions for her, and she turned to the Bible for the answers.
 id : 240474 ISBN : 0380706865  | name : A Woman Run Mad  |  description : A long forgotten Boston scandal involving Sarah Slade, a young debutante, and her Buenos Aires lover resurfaces when Quinn befriends a blonde shoplifter who turns out to be Sarah
 id : 240475 ISBN : 0595094252  | name : Lords of Paradise  |  description : A serial killer’s on the loose in the Promised Valley. A dark and twisted fantasy has mutated into an unquenchable obsession to pluck the souls of beautiful dark-haired girls. A wealthy, power-wielding Salt Lake City polygamist is willing, even hungry, to murder young women to protect his dirty little secrets. Is there a connection? Investigative reporter Charlie Carver invades the strange yet fascinating world of life behind the gray cement walls of the Goodman polygamist fortress to begin to get some answers. Carver finds himself at the center of a media firestorm surrounding the unprecedented court testimony of a sixteen-year-old girl accusing her father and uncle of incest and child abuse. He decides to bust polygamy wide open with an indicting expose of millionaire corporate attorney and polygamy "Lord" Donald Goodman. The story spins faster and faster as the serial killer and several Goodman clansmen suspects begin to cross paths, ensnaring Charlie in a potentially deadly game of whodunit.
 id : 240477 ISBN : 0671649485  | name : Painting the Darkness  |  description : Eleven years after her fiance was believed to have committed suicide, Constance Trenchard is stunned by the appearance of a man claiming to be her beloved James
 id : 240478 ISBN : 0739426915  | name : Murder Will Travel  |  description : A widow at the age of 52, Lynne Montgomery has rediscovered her first love: travel. But murder adds itself to the itinerary when Lynn and her group head for the Sonoma Wine Country - where bitterness leads to a very dead end.
 id : 240480 ISBN : 0316874906  | name : Sweet Auburn  |  description : Eve Gilchrist, a doctor's daughter, falls in love with a farm boy, Frank Mailer. She assumes that they will marry, but her Uncle Arthur has other ideas and intervenes with devastating effect. Although she moves to a different city and marries, her first love is never forgotton.
 id : 240483 ISBN : 0441000177  | name : Foreigner  |  description : In a dinosaur-ruled world, saurian scientist Afsan the Far-Seer struggles to overcome his new blindness with the help of a doctor who treats the mind as well as the body, while Afsan's mate, Novato, dreams of journeying to the stars. Original.
 id : 240484 ISBN : 0521285038  | name : 6:the Stone of Badda  |  description : The reader, by deciding what happens next in a number of places in the story, takes part in an adventure journey to the Otherworld, the place of the dead, with the purpose of defeating the deadly guardians of a magic stone.
 id : 240486 ISBN : 1570620814  | name : Mastering the Art of War  |  description : This book develops the strategies of THE ART OF WAR into a handbook of organization and leadership.
 id : 240487 ISBN : 1560989483  | name : WITNESS OUR TIME PB  |  description : Author Ken Light traces the recent history of social documentary photography in the words of 22 of the genre's best photographers, editors, and curators, showing that the professions remains vital and committed to social change. Photos.
 id : 240492 ISBN : 0064404102  | name : Glenda Glinka, Witch-at-large  |  description : Glenda Glinka is a witch. And as a witch she can turn herself into anything she wants. Now she's decided to turn herself into a little girl -- and she's determined to be the best little girl ever. During her first few days at school, Glenda uses her magic to win the favor of the teacher, sabotage her classmates' projects, and even get the lead in the school play. Glenda is such a good little girl, she can't understand why no one else seems to like her.
 id : 240493 ISBN : 0689854137  | name : Fall of a Kingdom  |  description : When the rulers mistakenly believe that they can destroy the evil force approaching Farsala, Jiaan, Soraya, and Kavi must find a way on their own to stop their town from being led into the Flames of Destruction.
 id : 240495 ISBN : 2264028181  | name : L'oeil de Dieu  |  description : Sous le pseudonyme de C. L. Grace, Paul C. Doherty nous invite à découvrir un nouveau personnage qui, après Master Hugh Corbett, nous dévoile les désordres du Moyen Age anglais. En cette fin du XVe siècle, la guerre des Deux-Roses déchire le pays, un temps de tueries que le poète Chaucer, avant lui, illustra ainsi : " Une voleuse mystérieuse appelée Mort avançait dignement aux côtés de celui qui, ici-bas, fait trépasser les humains. " C'est dans ce décor chaotique et périlleux que Kathryn Swinbrooke, médecin apothicaire, officie derechef après une première aventure à Cantorbéry, retracée dans Meurtres dans le sanctuaire (1/18, n°3029).
 id : 240497 ISBN : 2253172138  | name : Iceberg Ltd  |  description : Dans le labyrinthe des banquises fracassées, un cargo se fraye un chemin, au risque de finir broyé par les montagnes de glace flottantes. À son bord, deux jeunes femmes à la recherche d'un avion qui s'est écrasé aux abords du Pôle. Très vite, la mission de secours semble compromise par d'étranges événements. L'équipage, composé d'Esquimaux superstitieux, affirme qu'un être fabuleux sorti du blizzard harcèle le navire. Un climat de cauchemar s'installe tandis que les matelots disparaissent un à un. La nuit, quelqu'un erre au long des coursives, en quête d'une nouvelle proie... Tandis que les glaces resserrent leur étreinte sur la coque qui menace d'éclater, la paranoïa s'empare des survivants. Quand la folie tire les ficelles du crime, tout est possible, même le pire... Surtout le pire !
 id : 240500 ISBN : 2226109706  | name : À bas les élèves!  |  description : Un prof du secondaire rue dans les brancards et flanque tout le monde au piquet : chez les élèves, du faux jeton odieux au rapeur inepte, chez les profs, du vieux gauchiste au psycho-démocrate gogo. Dans cette typologie de caractères aussi drôle que percutante, chacun en prend pour son grade, sans oublier les parents qui, rivés sur le bac, en oublient les vraies préoccupations de leur rejeton. Loin des discours ronronnants et mille fois entendus sur les rapports profs-élèves, Philippe Milner, prof vétéran, propose une vision burlesque et réaliste de l'école, vue de l'intérieur et au quotidien. Une charge féroce mais libératrice sur ce champ clos d'affrontements caractériels que l'on appelle une classe...
 id : 240501 ISBN : 2070766640  | name : Les enfants qui tombent dans la mer  |  description : Marie, la narratrice, est romancière. Elle enquête en Normandie sur le mystère d'un enfant adultérin, Nathan, enterré au bord de la falaise. C'est le fils d'Ariel et de Jeanne, des cousins germains, dont l'histoire d'amour exemplaire est prise dans un enchaînement d'incestes destructeurs sur lesquels des familles entières ferment les yeux. Marie en fut elle aussi victime. Elle veut rompre cette fatalité malsaine qui de génération en génération, condamne les êtres à des amours sans issue. Comme un puzzle qui se construit pour laisser apparaître des images au fil du temps, les destins se nouent en haut des falaises, derrière les cabines de plage, sous un ciel indifférent à la détresse des enfants qui tombent dans la mer.
 id : 240503 ISBN : 0373037414  | name : An Accidental Engagement  |  description : Claire Farley wakes in hospital to find her memory has deserted her. Yet the biggest shock is when she discovers she's wearing a diamond engagement ring! Claire's fiance is the wonderful Tye Kershaw. But when Claire's memory floods back there's one piece of the jigsaw that doesn't slot into place--she's never laid eyes on Tye before--so why is she now living in his house, wearing his ring--and sharing his bed...'
 id : 240504 ISBN : 0821735764  | name : Deadly Breed  |  description : High in the Smoky Mountains, a secluded laboratory becomes the birthplace for the latest military achievement: a replacement for the human soldier. Advanced medical techniques--and cruel surguries--create a hybrid animal clever enough to take orders, yet more deadly and expendable than humans . . . and smart enough to know what revenge means.
 id : 240506 ISBN : 0449704203  | name : The Meaning of Sisterhood  |  description : THEY WERE SISTERS FROM TWO DIFFERENT WORLDS-FINDING EACH HAD SOMETHING TO LEARN FROM THE OTHER.
 id : 240508 ISBN : 0553269496  | name : Heart and Soul  |  description : Star is not sure who is sincere and who is not when she finds herself popular because of the sudden success of her dad's rockband, but Rick Walsh intends to prove he loves Star, not stardom.
 id : 240509 ISBN : 0553299808  | name : His and Hers  |  description : After teaming up to interfere with their parents' burgeoning romance, Kari Cortland and Brandon Duncan quickly discover romance themselves, a development that threatens their well-laid plans. Original.
 id : 240510 ISBN : 0553251783  | name : No Strings Attached  |  description : A brush with danger during a white-water rafting trip involves shy Abby Morrell with handsome Kirk Phillips, the most popular boy in school--and who already has a girlfriend.
 id : 240511 ISBN : 0553564811  | name : Careless Whispers  |  description : Ignoring her friends' warnings that Scott Tyson is into drugs, Tralain Martinson dismisses local gossip and his strange behavior until she discovers mysterious pills in his car and learns that the boy she loves has epilepsy. Original.
 id : 240513 ISBN : 0553249711  | name : Star Struck!  |  description : When Carrie is cast as an extra in a rock video starring her favorite singer, Michael Jackson, she finds romance on the set with another extra, Joe.
 id : 240517 ISBN : 0821759949  | name : A Noble Rogue  |  description : After years at an exclusive boarding academy, lovely Sara Brandon-Howe returns to the majestic manor she and her half-brother, Philip, have inherited. But Philip's gambling debts have left Carvington Hall in a shambles. When Hugh Devlin, one of London's infamous gamesters, visits, Philip begs Sara to play "housekeeper". Then Hugh steals a kiss--and Sara's heart.
 id : 240518 ISBN : 0762102403  | name : Curing Everyday Ailments the Natural Way  |  description : Treat over 100 common ailments safely without drugs with this fully illustrated A-Z guide. Natural remedies for ailments like anxiety, hiccups, sunburn and more. Plus expert advice on how to use alternative therapies such as acu-pressure, reflexology, yoga, and more.
 id : 240520 ISBN : 0449224864  | name : Coup de Grace  |  description : Lady Grace Granville, in dire straits once again after her banishment to the country, is reluctantly rescued by her roguish childhood friend, Rafael Marlowe. By the author of Vivid Notions. Original.
 id : 240521 ISBN : 0882666096  | name : The Gardener's Bug Book  |  description : Identifies insects that harm or infect garden plants, and provides details on control measures and formulas for organic, earth-safe insect control
 id : 240523 ISBN : 0553564781  | name : Finders Keepers  |  description : Laurie Adams always seems to get klutzy when she is around her crush, Matt Harding, but when yet another accident throws them together, they are plunged into a mysterious search for a hidden treasure. Original.
 id : 240525 ISBN : 0553299840  | name : Cowboy Kisses  |  description : While spending the summer working at the Lucky R Ranch, Kenzie Sullivan falls for a handsome cowboy who bets her that she will not last one week at the ranch. Original.
 id : 240526 ISBN : 0821768255  | name : Lady Hilary's Halloween  |  description : Forced into an arranged marriage by her greedy family, plain Lady Hilary hates her boorish future husband. Finding a reason to get to London, a complete makeover transforms Hilary into a princess. The "ton" is impressed--especially Lord Grayden, who can't accept that Hilary is engaged to a man she despises. He quickly schemes a Halloween surprise destined to unmask the secrets of true love.
 id : 240527 ISBN : 055322607X  | name : All's Fair in Love  |  description : Anne, a new member of an exclusive New York City athletic club, worries that she must beat Greg's sister Sarah in a gymnastics competition to retain his respect.
 id : 240529 ISBN : 0590324292  | name : Just You and Me  |  description : Mollie's romance with Matt is threatened when they both enter a competition for a college scholarship and become rivals.
 id : 240530 ISBN : 0440980623  | name : Someone to Love  |  description : Despite their differences, serious student Nina Bloom and dropout Mitchell Beers enjoy the excitement of a perfect romance until they encounter the difficulties of living together.
 id : 240534 ISBN : 0674931505  | name : The Use of Poetry and the Use of Criticism  |  description : The text of two lectures delivered at Harvard University during the winter of 1932-1933
 id : 240535 ISBN : 2831563879  | name : French Grammar Handbook  |  description : This outstanding reference book series has been fully revised to teach more effectively the foreign language basics of grammar, verbs, and vocabulary. Suitable for use with any course, including Basic (see page 50 and 51) and Think and Talk (see page 54).
 id : 240537 ISBN : 0449145484  | name : Summer Dance  |  description : When Leah heads to Vermont for a two-week summer dance program with Katrina, the last person she expects to run into is her old ballet rival, Annie MacPhearson. Then, Annie tries to dance with her!
 id : 240539 ISBN : 0373707703  | name : The Scent of a Woman  |  description : The Scent Of A Woman by Peggy Nicholson released on Nov 24, 1997 is available now for purchase.
 id : 240540 ISBN : 0140320598  | name : Dear Emily  |  description : Maria, a lonely city girl, writes to Emily, a country girl, as part of an English assignment.
 id : 240541 ISBN : 0385154291  | name : A Pet of Your Own  |  description : Discusses keeping exotic fish, amphibians, reptiles, birds, and wild mammals as pets.
 id : 240546 ISBN : 0395964261  | name : Child and Adolescent Development  |  description : Incorporating a solid research base with real-life applications, Child and Adolescent Development illustrates the cognitive, psychosocial, and physical development of children in the context of today's society. The Fifth Edition includes increased coverage of the role of adults in the lives of children with expanded discussions of the applied and practical implications of developmental research for parenting, teaching, nursing, etc.
 id : 240550 ISBN : 0472071602  | name : Africa to 1875  |  description : General history embracing the continent of Africa and adjoining islands from remote times to 1875, discussing African societies and politics, Indigenous developments, foreign incursions and influences, and manifestations of change region by region and underlines the differences between and among the regions that make generalizations about Africa absurd.
 id : 240552 ISBN : 0312259182  | name : The Bedford Introduction to Literature  |  description : This best-selling anthology continues to combine a generous and vibrant selection of stories, poems, and plays with editorial features proven to help students read, think, and write effectively about literature. Now featuring unique visual portfolios and a CD-ROM packed with activities and contextual material, the new edition brings literature to life for students as never before.
 id : 240553 ISBN : 0867095024  | name : Engaged in Learning  |  description : The authors draw on their backgrounds in composition, linguistics, and literary theory to ground their teaching in a philosophy that is student centered and inquiry based.
 id : 240555 ISBN : 0130830402  | name : Curriculum  |  description : Exceptional in relating curriculum to teaching strategies and methods, this book includes the latest in curriculum development, practice, theory, and instructional strategies based on research in how people learn. It is designed to engage teachers in understanding curriculum, reflecting upon it and carrying out their own role in curriculum making. Constructivist pedagogy is a central element throughout the book. Attention to the political and social forces impacting the teacher's role provide information on the accountability movement, the profitization of education, changed views of learning and the influence of technology. Chapter One, Who Makes Curriculum? Roles and Levels of Decision Making, describes federal, state and local efforts to control curriculum, and provides specific cases and suggestions that show how teachers can fulfill their moral, critical and professional responsibilities within these official constraints. Chapter Two, Curriculum in the Context of School Reform, offers an in-depth, up-to-date examination of the impact of various reform policies on classroom practices. Coverage of multiculturalism, globalization, reform, assessment, and standards encourages consideration of the most recent trends and issues influencing curriculum development. For teachers and curriculum makers of kindergarten through 12th grade.
 id : 240557 ISBN : 015508481X  | name : An Introduction to Language  |  description : AN INTRODUCTION TO LANGUAGE is ideal for use at all levels and in many different areas of instruction including education, languages, psychology, anthropology, teaching English as a Second Language (TESL), and linguistics. All chapters in this best-seller have been substantially revised to reflect recent discoveries and new understanding of linguistics and languages.
 id : 240560 ISBN : 0071412913  | name : The Weekend Millionaire's Secrets to Investing in Real Estate: How to Become Wealthy in Your Spare Time  |  description : "Everything you need to know to make millions by investing in real estate. Be smart -- take advantage of their invaluable experience to help you reach your financial goals."--Jack Canfield, Co-author, The Power of Focus, Dare to Win, and the Chicken Soup for the Soul(R) series. A proven formula for making a killing in small real estate investments in all market conditions Millionaire real estate investor Mike Summey and nationally recognized negotiation expert Roger Dawson team up to offer a complete program for becoming a real estate magnate in your spare time. Unlike all the get-rich-quick real estate investment guides on the shelves, The Weekend Millionaire shows readers how to look beyond price to the fundamentals of what makes a property valuable and to leverage that value in order to build wealth, consistently, over years. It also teaches them an original, win-win negotiating strategy in which the buyer determines the terms of the purchase and lets the seller determine the price. Readers get clear, step-by-step guidance on how to: Find great investment properties Approach sellers Structure a win-win proposal Get a proposal accepted--even with no money down and bad credit Negotiate a transaction Manage and maintain properties for increasing returns
 id : 240561 ISBN : 0814471773  | name : Are You Dumb Enough to be Rich?  |  description : This title gives readers amazingly simple ways to make millions in real estate in a step-by-step system even financial novices can use.
 id : 240562 ISBN : 0060924756  | name : The Best Kind of Loving  |  description : It has often been said that "if white America has a case of the sniffles, Black America catches walking pneumonia." When this credo is applied to relationships, common problems such as inadequate communication, commitment fears, financial struggles and infidelity carry an even greater weight. Yet, with hundreds of relationship books on the market, virtually none has explored the specific circumstances impacting relationships between African-American men and women. In The Best Kind of Loving: A Black Woman's Guide to Finding Intimacy, renowned psychologist Dr. Gwendolyn Goldsby Grant addresses head-on the complex challenges in African-American relationships. "In addition to the social dynamics affecting male-female communications in general, as African-Americans, we carry the added burdens of myths and stereotypes that grow out of our real history of slavery, second-class citizenship and economic disenfranchisement," Grant explains. In writing The Best Kind of Loving, Grant has provided an invaluable resource for Black women searching to understand the choices they make, the men they love and how to make the most of their strength, intelligence and wit. Compulsively readable, The Best Kind of Loving is unique in its scope and vision; women of all races and backgrounds will laugh, sympathize and nod their heads in recognition as they read about others not unlike themselves. Giving both pragmatic and realistic advice, Grant serves both as an advisor and confidant; she knows which situations may not work out, but also gives women ways to make the best of less-than-ideal circumstances.
 id : 240563 ISBN : 0880115580  | name : Stronger Abs and Back  |  description : "Stronger Abs And Back" provides 165 exercises to develop greater flexibility, stability, fitness, strength, and power at the body's core. This heavily illustrated book shows and explains how to perform each movement for best results. It also outlines training programs specifically for fitness and sports. 211 illustrations.
 id : 240565 ISBN : 1575669196  | name : When Twilight Comes  |  description : When their mother is taken seriously ill and insists that one of her three children take over her job running a weekly newspaper, a daughter blossoms from docile, devoted sister into a dynamic woman living life on her own terms.
 id : 240566 ISBN : 0345445961  | name : Bittersweet  |  description : Clifford. Victor. Nathan. Three brothers as different as they come. Three lives that veer unexpectedly off course. One bond that heals them all. . . . Clifford sees his life as picture-perfect: two wonderful young sons, a fast-track career, and a solid marriage. But fresh back from a family vacation in Florida, Clifford is hit with a stunning blow when his wife Demetria declares that she is leaving him for “true love, excitement, and fun”–an announcement that throws him into an uncontrollable tailspin of denial. With one failed marriage under his belt, and a precious daughter his ex-wife bars him from seeing, Victor is no expert in romantic love. His philosophy? The only way to keep a woman from squeezing every last drop from you is to get out before things get too deep. But lately Victor hasn’t been feeling quite like himself–especially since he’s been falling for Edie and her little girl. Seems like he spends more time looking out for her then he does staking out new booty calls. Even in the face of tragedy and travail, Nathan, a minister, remains hopeful. His marriage is a paragon of Christian ideals, his loving wife Brenda is his soul mate and support. But it wasn’t always that way. Nathan has left some ugly wreckage in his wake before finding God. Now he and Brenda are truly blessed with a solid family and an adoring congregation. Then, a troubled divorcée tempts Nathan–and threatens the sacred vows he swore to uphold. While Clifford, Victor, and Nathan struggle with the unexpected–faltering marriages, breaking hearts, and torn childhoods that threaten to repeat themselves in the lives of their children–each will discover the true redemptive power of a brother’s love. By turns fierce and passionate, tender and humorous, this wise novel blasts the stereotype that black men’s ties to their families are tenuous at best. Freddie Lee Johnson III tells a refreshing story of three complex men who fight to do right by their families–both the ones they created, and the one they were born into. The result is Bittersweet.
 id : 240568 ISBN : 0743246144  | name : Using What You Got  |  description : Nineteen-year-old Tiara Bynum is pretty as a princess--and just as spoiled.
 id : 240570 ISBN : 0739415484  | name : The Shirt Off His Back  |  description : Terry has raised his twin girls alone for eleven years. Now, on the eve of his marriage to another woman, the twins' mother returns and demands custody of the children.
 id : 240572 ISBN : 0192741438  | name : African Myths and Legends  |  description : A collection of thirty-four tales from all areas of Africa south of the Sahara.
 id : 240573 ISBN : 0130973157  | name : Preparing for the PRAXIS Exam  |  description : This is a guide to prepare preservice teachers to successfully take the Praxis II exam. It includes explanations of the Praxis concepts and content categories, discussion of test format and expectations of test-takers, discussion of test-taking strategies, and practice test items. As a part of the Student Enrichment Series, this guide can be packaged for free with a core Education text (with each additional SES guide added at a cost of $2 net to the bookstore) and can also be purchased individually. Please contact your local Merrill Education/Prentice Hall Representative for a special package ISBN before placing your order with your bookstore.
 id : 240574 ISBN : 081661251X  | name : Literary Theory  |  description : This classic work is designed to cover all of the major movements in literary studies during this century. Noted for its clear, engaging style and unpretentious treatment, Literary Theory has become the introduction of choice for anyone interested in learning about the world of contemporary literary thought. The second edition contains a major new survey chapter that addresses developments in cultural theory since the book's original publication in 1983, including feminist theory, postmodernism, and poststructuralism.
 id : 240575 ISBN : 0385487053  | name : The Wake of the Wind  |  description : A novel on freed slaves after the Civil War. The protagonists are a young couple who buy a ruined plantation and begin to prosper. But racism returns and they have to flee. By the author of Family.
 id : 240577 ISBN : 0809318059  | name : The Reader, the Text, the Poem  |  description : Starting from the same nonfoundationalist premises, Rosenblatt avoids the extreme relativism of postmodern theories derived mainly from Continental sources. A deep understanding of the pragmatism of Dewey, James, and Peirce and of key issues in the social sciences is the basis for a view of language and the reading process that recognizes the potentialities for alternative interpretations and at the same time provides a rationale for the responsible reading of texts.
 id : 240578 ISBN : 0252011228  | name : Moses, Man of the Mountain  |  description : A retelling of the story of Moses serves as an allegory for the struggle of American Blacks for release from slavery
 id : 240579 ISBN : 0393975657  | name : The Norton Anthology of English Literature  |  description : Collects novels, stories, poems, essays, plays, ballads, and sermons from British authors.
 id : 240581 ISBN : 0721419615  | name : Duck Stories for 2 Year Olds  |  description : 2 yrs.
 id : 240583 ISBN : 0070527172  | name : Schaum's Easy Outline of German  |  description : Boiled-down essentials of the top-selling Schaum's Outline series for the student with limited time What could be better than the bestselling Schaum's Outline series? For students looking for a quick nuts-and-bolts overview, it would have to be Schaum's Easy Outline series. Every book in this series is a pared-down, simplified, and tightly focused version of its predecessor. With an emphasis on clarity and brevity, each new title features a streamlined and updated format and the absolute essence of the subject, presented in a concise and readily understandable form. Graphic elements such as sidebars, reader-alert icons, and boxed highlights stress selected points from the text, illuminate keys to learning, and give students quick pointers to the essentials. Designed to appeal to underprepared students and readers turned off by dense text Cartoons, sidebars, icons, and other graphic pointers get the material across fast Concise text focuses on the essence of the subject Delivers expert help from teachers who are authorities in their fields Perfect for last-minute test preparation So small and light that they fit in a backpack!
 id : 240584 ISBN : 0810394081  | name : Historic Black Landmarks  |  description : A guided tour of 300 landmarks uniquely related to black history and culture.
 id : 240588 ISBN : 0380797011  | name : Live Writing  |  description : This book is based on the simple idea that every writer has a "tool box." Instead of awls and hammers, a writer's toolbox contains words, imagination, a love of books, a sense of story, and ideas for how to make the writing live and breathe. I wrote this book to give you some practical strategies to throw into your toolbox. I hope you'll try them, because these are ideas that can make you a better writer. This book is titled Live Writing, and you may be wondering what I mean by that. Most of us have read (and written!) the opposite kind of writing-dull, drab language that sounds about as interesting as a city phone book. By "live writing" I mean the kind of writing that has a current running through it-energy, electricity, juice. When we read "live writing", the words seem to lift off the page and burrow deep inside us.
 id : 240589 ISBN : 0687007917  | name : When Grief Breaks Your Heart  |  description : A short, topical book intended to comfort those who have lost a loved one, When Grief Breaks Your Heart is an ideal volume for pastors, chaplains, and other grief counselors to give to members of their congregations who are facing difficult circumstances.
 id : 240591 ISBN : 0375701567  | name : French Dictionary  |  description : "Originally published as the Random House French dictionary ... in 1983"--T.p. verso.
 id : 240592 ISBN : 074345703X  | name : Skyscraper  |  description : Most corporations hand out bonus checks or gift certificates for Christmas, but Wolfe Industries hands out drama. Skyscraper chronicles the week before the annual Christmas party at Wolfe Industries, an African American-owned automobile manufacturer. Chico, a nineteen-year-old mail-room clerk who still lives with his overprotective mother, is the typical young man when it comes to sex. He doesn't turn it down. So, when Zetta Wolfe, the wife of CEO Tomalis Wolfe, attempts to seduce him, he jumps at the opportunity. Meanwhile, Anastasia, a twenty-five-year-old secretary, along with her best friend and coworker, Shakia, spends her nights in the secret penthouse maintained by Wolfe executives for partying and wild sex. She has higher aspirations though -- she wants to be the next wife of the CEO. Tomalis has never actually participated in the in-office sexual activities, but Anastasia plans to seduce him by the end of the year. Diana, a thirty-five-year-old single mother is frustrated with her current position as an executive assistant. Every time she approaches her boss, Bradford, about the possibility of a promotion, he makes her promises that he never keeps. Meanwhile, Edmund, a parking-garage attendant, has the hots for her, but she won't give him the time of day. That is until two of her girlfriends drag her to a holiday cabaret and she discovers another sexier side to this blue-collar man. The week leading up to the Wolfe Industries annual Christmas party is unforgettable, as the lives of four people who have barely interacted with one another in the past begin to cross paths in the most disturbing ways. By the time the party is over, they will be lucky if the skyscraper is still standing.
 id : 240594 ISBN : 0743216008  | name : The Harris Family  |  description : Julius Harris struggles to bring his family back together, but his three sons, all busy with their own concerns and problems, continue to feel the repercussions of their father's abandonment and their fatherless childhoods.
 id : 240595 ISBN : 0684844702  | name : The Harris Men  |  description : When Julius Harris is diagnosed with terminal cancer at age 55, he sets out to make amends for his past mistakes, most notably leaving a wife and three sons 20 years ago. As he races to reunite the family once lost to him, he finds his sons are now men facing trials of their own, trials that resonate with the impact of their father's decision so many years ago. His middle son, Marcus, wrestles with fears of abandonment that prevent him from committing to the woman who has turned his life around. Caleb, the youngest, is struggling to prove he's the kind of man who accepts responsiblity for the commitments he has made; he knows he must end his get-rich quick schemes and support his wife and young son. Most tellingly, eldest son Austin, dissatisfied with his life, leaves his own wife and children. Is he doomed to repeat his father's fate? Is the promise Marcus made at his mother's deathbed to keep the family together an empty one? Or can these damaged men really help each other to heal?
 id : 240597 ISBN : 0312010397  | name : Homemade Love  |  description : Awed, bedevilled, and bemused, all Cooper's characters are borne up by the sheer power of life itself in these wise and exhilarating stories from Cooper's newest book.
 id : 240598 ISBN : 0385467885  | name : Some Love, Some Pain, Sometime  |  description : Whether through her stories or her legendary readings, J. California Cooper has an uncanny ability to reach out to readers like an old and dear friend. Her characters are plain-spoken and direct: simple people for whom life, despite its ever-present struggles, is always worth the journey. In Some Love, Some Pain, Sometime, Cooper's characteristic themes of romance, heartbreak, struggle and faith resonate. We meet Darlin, a self-proclaimed femme fatale who uses her wiles to try to find a husband; MLee, whose life seems to be coming to an end at the age of forty until she decides to set out and see if she can make a new life for herself; Kissy and Buddy, both trying and failing to find them until they finally meet each other; and Aberdeen, whose daughter Uniqua shows her how to educate herself and move up in the world. These characters and others offer inspiration, laughter, instruction and pure enjoyment in what is one of J. California Cooper's finest story collections.
 id : 240599 ISBN : 0385467869  | name : In Search of Satisfaction  |  description : Recounts the life of Josephus, a freed slave whose desire for wealth for him and his illegitimate daughter affects the whole community
 id : 240600 ISBN : 0721407102  | name : A Tale of Two Cities  |  description : During the French Revolution, a young Englishman gives up his life in order to save the husband of the woman he loves.
 id : 240601 ISBN : 0385411723  | name : Family  |  description : Spanning the years just before and after the Civil War, this saga of an African-American family centers on Always, a resourceful woman born into slavery, and her mother Chlora, as they endure and prevail
 id : 240602 ISBN : 0590453947  | name : The Big Book for Peace  |  description : The wisdom of peace and the absurdity of fighting are demonstrated in seventeen stories and poems by outstanding authors of today such as Jean Fritz, Milton Meltzer, and Nancy Willard, illustrated by famous illustrators such as Paul Zelinsky, the Dillons, and Maurice Sendak.
 id : 240605 ISBN : 0876052014  | name : Dog Owner's Home Veterinary Handbook  |  description : A comprehensive guide to dog care discusses life-saving procedures, vaccinations, current veterinary therapies, and nutrition.
 id : 240606 ISBN : 0811819299  | name : ASPCA Complete Guide to Cats  |  description : An illustrated guide to cats that provides detailed profiles of fify breeds and information on choosing the right cat, preparing to bring a new cat home, keeping a cat healthy, litter box training, feeding and grooming, and other related topics.
 id : 240607 ISBN : 0811819043  | name : ASPCA Complete Guide to Dogs  |  description : The ultimate resource for dog lovers, this authoritative volume on selecting and caring for any kind of dog focuses--in the ASPCA tradition--on mixed breeds, a major difference from most other dog books, which describe only purebreds. 650+ photos. (Pets)
 id : 240609 ISBN : 0373270062  | name : Night Mist  |  description : Stopping on a bridge in a night's foggy mist, Rachel spots a pale, ghostly figure, his t-shirt soaked with blood and his intense blue eyes begging her not to be afraid. Suddenly, he issues a desperate warning and disappears into thin air. There was something familiar about the mysterious, moody man . . . something Rachel could not put her finger on.
 id : 240610 ISBN : 1854877224  | name : Destinies  |  description : Kier lets out a relieved breath when he realizes that Oriel would not bow to the pressure her mother is certain to put on her. Would destiny bring Oriel and Kier together or drive them apart?
 id : 240613 ISBN : 1887472746  | name : Many Candles  |  description : Truth is eternal. It can be heard in the words of great leaders and visionaries, such as those quoted in this book. Truth can also be heard in the words of the students who produced this book. The coherence and wisdom of these high school students of the Class of 2000, from the rural plains of the Midwest, offers a promising start to the new millennium.
 id : 240616 ISBN : 0374521093  | name : The Haw Lantern  |  description : Poems exploring the theme of loss, meditations on the conscience of the writer, and exercises in an allegorical vein are featured in this collection of thirty-one poems
 id : 240624 ISBN : 1894283317  | name : The 52nd Poem  |  description : After an illicit affair, a man decides to send a poem a week to his former lover, even as he begins a new relationship. As the man’s new affair progresses, the poems to his old lover continue, until finally, he must send the last poem. But will he? Who will win the battle for his heart, the woman of the past or the woman of the present?
 id : 240625 ISBN : 0373225423  | name : Familiar Christmas  |  description : Familiar Christmas by Caroline Burnes released on Oct 25, 1999 is available now for purchase.
 id : 240627 ISBN : 014019441X  | name : The Masks of God  |  description : V.1. Primitive mythology. v.2. Oriental mythology. v.3. Occidental mythology. v .4. Creative mythology.
 id : 240628 ISBN : 1577312023  | name : Thou Art that  |  description : This volume is the first in a series of the collected works of comparative mythologist Joseph Campbell. Editor Eugene Kennedy, a psychologist and former Catholic priest, presents previously unavailable essays and lectures of Campbell's which focus on the symbols and metaphors of the Judaeo-Christian tradition, including the virgin birth, the child as teacher, and the cross. Other topics include the purpose of myths, theological inquiry, and the experience of religious mystery. c. Book News Inc.
 id : 240630 ISBN : 0892818735  | name : Joseph Campbell: A Fire in the Mind  |  description : The fascinating biography that illuminates the man whose work changed modern culture • Gives a complete biographical view of Campbell's life and a personal perspective of who he was through the voices of his friends and colleagues • Written by two of Campbell's preeminent students with exclusive access to his notes and journals Joseph Campbell forged an approach to the study of myth and legend that made ancient traditions and beliefs immediate, relevant, and universal. His teachings and literary works, including The Masks of God, have shown that beneath the apparent themes of world mythology lie patterns that reveal the ways in which we all may encounter the great mysteries of existence: birth, growth, soul development, and death. Biographers Stephen and Robin Larsen, students and friends of Campbell for more than 20 years, weave a rich tapestry of stories and insights that catalogue both his personal and public triumphs.
 id : 240632 ISBN : 0345436563  | name : Hillary's Choice  |  description : Now, the first First Lady to have faced down a federal Grand Jury and survived her husband's Presidential impeachment is undergoing a "race for redemption" as she runs on her own for the United States Senate.".
 id : 240633 ISBN : 0684818906  | name : First In His Class  |  description : Who exactly is Bill Clinton, and why was he, of all the brilliant and ambitious men in his generation, the first in his class to reach the White House? Drawing on hundreds of letters, documents, and interviews, David Maraniss explores the evolution of the personality of our forty-second president from his youth in Arkansas to his 1991 announcement that he would run for the nation's highest office. In this richly textured and balanced biography, Maraniss reveals a complex man full of great flaws and great talents. First in His Class is the definitive book on Bill Clinton.
 id : 240634 ISBN : 0192815938  | name : The Mystery of Edwin Drood  |  description : Dickens's last novel, a mystery unfinished at his death, has become all the more tantalizing to avid readers who have tried to provide a solution to the mystifying disappearance of Edwin Drood.
 id : 240636 ISBN : 0140348115  | name : Indian Tales  |  description : An Exciting And Entertaining Collection Of Stories, Full Of The Colour And Enchantment Of India. These Sixteen Tales Of Heroes And Heroines, Their Adventures, Misfortunes And Triumphs, Of Gods And Demons, And Of Animals-Have Been Told To Generations Of People Who Have Laughed Or Shed Tears Over Them Or Pondered On Their Timeless Wisdom. Some Stories Have A Happy Ending, Others Haunt Us With Their Sadness And All Of Them Should Delight The Young Reader.
 id : 240637 ISBN : 0307440001  | name : Don't Bet on the Prince!  |  description : From a well-known therapist and media personality comes advice for women on finding the ideal mate, without manipulation and game-playing, by developing their potential and projecting a stronger self-image, in a guide that includes case histories and self-assessment tests. Tour.
 id : 240638 ISBN : 8408017241  | name : La doma de la furia  |  description : "This edition republished by arrangement with toExcel Press"--T.p. verso.
 id : 240640 ISBN : 0670859133  | name : The Road Ahead  |  description : This book describes Bill Gates' view of how emerging technologies will transform human existence in unprecedented ways.
 id : 240641 ISBN : 073226507X  | name : Australia and New Zealand Wine Companion 1999-2000 Edition  |  description : Australia & New Zealand Wine Companion 1999-2000 edition James Halliday Following on from the spectacular success of the 1999 edition, with up-to-the-minute details of Australian and New Zealand wineries. Contact details, opening hours, production quantities, and the range of products and prices are included for each winery entry, together with vintage-specific tasting notes, grape variety and characteristics, plus advice on what food to eat with it. The rating symbols stand out very clearly.
 id : 240642 ISBN : 0571151795  | name : Italian Wines  |  description : Italy has been producing wine for over 2,500 years and today is one of the world's major producers. This book aims to describe the best wines and their makers, and also places Italian wine in an international context, with reference to the history of wine production and current legislation.
 id : 240643 ISBN : 073290899X  | name : Edge of the Rain  |  description : Novel about a toddler miraculously rescued from the desert by a clan of Kalahari Bushmen. Written by an Australian who spent 20 years in Africa.
 id : 240644 ISBN : 0091830729  | name : Three Beers and a Chinese Meal  |  description : A collection of prose and poetry with the central theme of humour. The co-authors are two radio personalities from the youth station Triple J in Sydney who have put together a conglomeration of anecdotes and fantasy about life today. The text is conversational in style and covers all issues most popular with the listening audience of the station - sex, sexual fantasies, politics, pop music, growing up, nostalgia, eating. Some photographs are included, as are cynical and cult comments.
 id : 240645 ISBN : 1582342083  | name : P.S.  |  description : What would you do for a second chance at your first love? Schulman's exuberant, sexy novel is the thinking woman's summer romance as 38-year-old Louise Harrington meets the doppelganger of the boy who broke her 18-year-old heart.
 id : 240646 ISBN : 0307127613  | name : The Cat Family's Busy Day  |  description : The cat family has a busy day and sees many things while going to pick their grandmother up from the airport and spending the day with her.
 id : 240648 ISBN : 0809015994  | name : Going All the Way  |  description : Describes the experiences of young American women coming of age in the late twentieth century, and provides firsthand accounts of love, desire, popularity, promiscuity, sex, birth control, and motherhood
 id : 240649 ISBN : 0446674451  | name : The Pathology of Lies  |  description : HOW MANY TIMES HAVE YOU WANTED TO KILL YOUR BOSS? HOW FAR WOULD YOU GO FOR THAT CORNER OFFICE? Gloria Greene is young, beautiful, brilliant, and dead serious about what she wants. She's used her many charms to fuel her blazing rise from intern to editor in chief of sophisticated Portfolio magazine. But is she really the killer who hacked the former editor to pieces and shipped his body parts cross-country by UPS? The prime suspect, Gloria shines in the media spotlight and FBI glare, enjoying the attentions of a daddy who loves her a little too much and the excessive worrying of her fabulous and neurotic friends. Now she covets the editorship of the legendary Algonquin magazine -- after all, nobody is a suspect forever... For readers of Bright Lights, Big City and The Secret History comes an entertaining portrait of a devilishly ambitious modern woman, and a satirical look at the magazine world from an exciting new author.
 id : 240651 ISBN : 0393313123  | name : The Politics of Cruelty  |  description : From one of the most influential figures of the last twenty years--the author of Sexual Politics--comes this brilliant work in which Kate Millet sets out a new theory of politics for our time, a harrowing view of the modern state based on the practice of torture as a method of rule, as conscious policy.
 id : 240653 ISBN : 0684822393  | name : Beyond Love and Work  |  description : In this unique psychological inquiry, a renowned child psychiatrist shows why play, essential to the developing child, fills an equally important function in adult lives.
 id : 240655 ISBN : 0385232497  | name : Truman Capote  |  description : He was the most social of writers, and at the height of his career he was the point where the glamorous worlds of the arts, society, and politics all met--a status perhaps best exemplified by his still-legendary Black and White Ball. Truman Capote truly knew everyone, and now the people who knew him best tell his remarkable story to bestselling author and literary lion George Plimpton. Using oral biography, a technique that perfectly matches the style of his subject, George Plimpton blends the voices of Capote's lovers, haters, acquaintances, and colleagues into a captivating and highly readable narrative. Here we are present for the entire span of Capote's life: his Southern childhood and his early days in New York; his first literary success with the publication of "Other Voices, Other Rooms; his highly active love life; the groundbreaking excitement of "In Cold Blood, the first "nonfiction novel"; his years as a jet-setter; and his final days of flagging inspiration, alcoholism, and isolation. All his famous friends and enemies are here: Katherine Graham, Lauren Bacall, Gore Vidal, Joan Didion, William Styron, Kurt Vonnegut, Norman Mailer, Lee Radziwill, John Huston, John Knowles, William F. Buckley, Jr., and dozens of others. Full of wonderful stories, startlingly intimate, and altogether fascinating, this is the most entertaining account of Truman Capote's life yet, as only the incomparable George Plimpton could write it.
 id : 240657 ISBN : 0802114121  | name : Crazy Cock  |  description : In 1930 Henry Miller moved from New York to Paris, leaving behind - at least temporarily - his tempestuous marriage to June Smith and a novel that had sprung from his anguish over her love affair with a mysterious woman named Jean Kronski. Begun in 1927, Crazy Cock is the story of Tony Bring, a struggling writer whose bourgeois inclinations collide with the disordered bohemianism of his much-beloved wife, Hildred, particularly when her lover, Vanya, comes to live with them in their already cramped Greenwich Village apartment. In a world swirling with violence, sex, and passion, the three struggle with their desires, inching ever nearer to insanity, each unable to break away from this dangerous and consuming love triangle.
 id : 240658 ISBN : 0449200957  | name : Blazing Star  |  description : Raised in a convent, Star McFarland is unprepared for the cruelty of her new husband, Charles Bradford
 id : 240659 ISBN : 0739440454  | name : Key of Valor  |  description : Zoe is about to discover her true courageous spirit. She must find the key of valor--on the last of three dangerous quests that will force her to confront her darkest fears ... or suffer immeasurable loss.
 id : 240661 ISBN : 0739405772  | name : Jewels of the Sun  |  description : While immersing herself in the study of Irish folklore, American Jude Murray meets Aidan Gallagher, a dashing Irishman whose knowledge of Irish myth and flashing blue eyes intoxicate her.
 id : 240666 ISBN : 0747230811  | name : Informed Consent  |  description : Thriller.
 id : 240667 ISBN : 1869502078  | name : Magginty  |  description : Kelly and Damien find a new pet among the pe as and carrots in the garden. Magginty wasn''t a cat, althoug h it looked like one, with tiny pointed teeth, ginger and wh ite hairs, and really strong breath. And, most of all, Maggi nty was trouble. '
 id : 240668 ISBN : 0340253606  | name : The Boy with Illuminated Measles  |  description : Ronnie discovers he has measles - illuminated measles! The mysterious Mr. Sloane goes after him for the secret of his illuminated measles. A breathtaking chase to all sorts of places follows, before Ronnie gets home again.
 id : 240674 ISBN : 0590523791  | name : Karen's Hurricane  |  description : Karen finds great interest in learning about the movements of the hurricane that carries her name, yet after it passes, she is sadden by the path of destruction it left in her hometown and surrounding communities. Original.
 id : 240676 ISBN : 0140186794  | name : Summer  |  description : SINCE her reinstatement in Miss Hatchard's favour Charity had not dared to curtail by a moment her hours of attendance at the library. She even made a point of arriving before the time, and showed a laudable indignation when the youngest Targatt girl, who had been engaged to help in the cleaning and rearranging of the books, came trailing in late and neglected her task to peer through the window at the Sollas boy.
 id : 240678 ISBN : 0887506100  | name : The Story of Bobby O'Malley  |  description : "Bobby O'Malley grew up as a Catholic in Newfoundland, in the small town of Kellies, the only son of the local weatherman and a schoolteacher. His memories cluster around the houses they lived in, the schools he went to, the uncles and aunts and cousins he knew as a boy. This is an extremely funny book and the account of how Ted O'Malley repaired the plumbing is likely to become a classic of its kind. It is also a warm and touching book. As a picture of its time, it is clear, true and absolutely unforgettable" -- Cover.
 id : 240686 ISBN : 076422395X  | name : Sermon on the Mound  |  description : O'Connor offers this look at the game of baseball as a parallel to God's working in a heart and life. With a perfect blend of baseball anecdotes, this book teaches valuable lessons about Christian fundamentals, God's will and more.
 id : 240689 ISBN : 0941104052  | name : The 100th Boyfriend  |  description : Women share brief memories of boyfriends and lovers, including imaginary ones, and discuss jealousies, eccentricities, and extramatrial affairs.
 id : 240691 ISBN : 0192826336  | name : Four Revenge Tragedies  |  description : The Revenge Tragedy flourished in Britain in the late Elizabethan and Jacobean period for both literary and cultural reasons. Thomas Kyd's The Spanish Tragedy (1587) helped to establish the popularity of the genre, and it was followed by The Revenger's Tragedy (1606), published anonymously and ascribed first to Cyril Tourneur and then to Thomas Middleton. George Chapman's The Revenge of Bussy D'Ambois and Tourneur's The Atheist's Tragedy were written between 1609 and 1610. Each of the four plays printed here defines the problems of the revenge genre, often by exploiting its conventions in unexpected directions. All deal with fundamental moral questions about the meaning of justice and the lengths to which victimized individuals may go to obtain it, while registering the social strains of life in a rigid but increasingly fragile social hierarchy.
 id : 240692 ISBN : 0553561022  | name : Death Cycle  |  description : Roz Jordan and her friends are intrigued by the mysterious motorcyclist that seems to follow them everywhere, until a classmate is hit and killed by the phantom rider, and Roz begins to suspect that she is being stalked. Original.
 id : 240693 ISBN : 0192822527  | name : Volpone, Or, The Fox  |  description : This edition brings together Jonson's four great comedies Volpone, Epicene, The Alchemist, and Bartholomew Fair. The texts of these plays have all been newly edited for this volume, and are presented with modernized spelling. Stage directions have been added to help actors and directors reconstruct the play the way it would have been performed in the seventeenth century, and the introduction, notes, and glossary further bring to life these timeless comedies for the modern reader.
 id : 240696 ISBN : 0590332708  | name : Who is Bugs Potter? [sound Recording]  |  description : Bugs Potter, the biggest drummer to ever hit town, is the mysterious mustachioed guy who shows up at the most exclusive clubs to play a set with the hottest bands, but no one knows who he is except Adam Webb and he's not telling.
 id : 240697 ISBN : 014044310X  | name : Orlando Furioso  |  description : A dazzling kaleidoscope of adventures, ogres, monsters, barbaric splendor, and romance, this epic poem stands as one of the greatest works of the Italian Renaissance.
 id : 240698 ISBN : 0140443118  | name : Orlando Furioso  |  description : One of the greatest epic poems of the Italian Renaissance, Orlando Furioso is an intricate tale of love and enchantment set at the time of the Holy Roman Emperor Charlemagne's conflict with the Moors. When Count Orlando returns to France from Cathay with the captive Angelica as his prize, her beauty soon inspires his cousin Rinaldo to challenge him to a duel - but during their battle, Angelica escapes from both knights on horseback and begins a desperate quest for freedom. This dazzling kaleidoscope of fabulous adventures, sorcery and romance has inspired generations of writers - including Spenser and Shakespeare - with its depiction of a fantastical world of magic rings, flying horses, sinister wizardry and barbaric splendour. For more than seventy years, Penguin has been the leading publisher of classic literature in the English-speaking world. With more than 1,700 titles, Penguin Classics represents a global bookshelf of the best works throughout history and across genres and disciplines. Readers trust the series to provide authoritative texts enhanced by introductions and notes by distinguished scholars and contemporary authors, as well as up-to-date translations by award-winning translators.
 id : 240700 ISBN : 0140441123  | name : Prometheus Bound and Other Plays  |  description : Aeschylus (525–456 BC) brought a new grandeur and epic sweep to the drama of classical Athens, raising it to the status of high art. In Prometheus Bound the defiant Titan Prometheus is brutally punished by Zeus for daring to improve the state of wretchedness and servitude in which mankind is kept. The Suppliants tells the story of the fifty daughters of Danaus who must flee to escape enforced marriages, while Seven Against Thebes shows the inexorable downfall of the last members of the cursed family of Oedipus. And The Persians, the only Greek tragedy to deal with events from recent Athenian history, depicts the aftermath of the defeat of Persia in the battle of Salamis, with a sympathetic portrayal of its disgraced King Xerxes. Philip Vellacott’s evocative translation is accompanied by an introduction, with individual discussions of the plays, and their sources in history and mythology. For more than seventy years, Penguin has been the leading publisher of classic literature in the English-speaking world. With more than 1,700 titles, Penguin Classics represents a global bookshelf of the best works throughout history and across genres and disciplines. Readers trust the series to provide authoritative texts enhanced by introductions and notes by distinguished scholars and contemporary authors, as well as up-to-date translations by award-winning translators.
 id : 240703 ISBN : 019281446X  | name : Measure for Measure  |  description : Telling his followers he is leaving the city on affairs of state, the Duke of Vienna appoints the puritanical Angelo to govern in his absence. The Duke then returns in disguise to test Angelo, whose lust for the virtuous Isabella sweeps him into the corruption he had condemned in others.
 id : 240704 ISBN : 0140707220  | name : King Henry VIII  |  description : Extensive critical and historical commentaries accompany Shakespeare's tragedy of the life of the English king.
 id : 240706 ISBN : 0718133226  | name : The Late Candidate  |  description : Kriminalroman.
 id : 240707 ISBN : 0521294126  | name : As You Like It  |  description : Shakespeare's As You Like It can appear bright or somber in performance: a feast of language and a delight for comic actors; or a risk-taking exploration of gender roles. This edition offers an account of what makes the play both innocent and dangerous, mapping the complexities of its setting (a no-man's-land related to both France and England) and giving an ample commentary on its language and an analytical account of performance.
 id : 240709 ISBN : 0415026814  | name : As You Like it  |  description : When Rosalind is banished by her uncle, who has usurped her father's throne, she flees to the forest of Arden where her exiled father holds court. There, dressed as a boy to avoid discovery, she encounters the man she loves now a fellow exile and resolves to remain in disguise to test his feelings for her. A gloriously sunny comedy, As You Like It is an exuberant combination of concealed identities and verbal jousting, reconciliations and multiple weddings.
 id : 240710 ISBN : 0028629051  | name : The Complete Idiot's Guide to Shakespeare  |  description : Introduces Shakespeare's plays, sonnets, and narrative poems, and discusses major themes, characters, and dramatic techniques
 id : 240711 ISBN : 2070392724  | name : Souveraineté du vide  |  description : " Un jour viendra où une main de lumière heurtera le bois du cœur, avec une telle insistance que je ne pourrai faire autrement que me lever, et ouvrir. A la question qui me sera alors posée, je ne saurai pas répondre, sinon par un sourire : je n'ai rien fait de ma vie. Je l'ai perdue le plus possible ".
 id : 240712 ISBN : 0912697938  | name : New Stories from the South  |  description : A suburban Midwesterner describes the lifestyles he and his wife encountered after they moved to rural South Carolina, relating how they grew to love Southern small town living
 id : 240713 ISBN : 0451520262  | name : Three Comedies  |  description : "The New Folger is an edition that all serious Shakespeare students will want to read and accumulate, and one that many teachers of Shakespeare will surely judge the best available." -- The Shakespeare Newsletter The havoc wrought on lovers by magic in "A Midsummer Night's Dream," the furious battle of the sexes waged in "The Taming of the Shrew," and a stranded woman finding her way in a man's world in "Twelfth Night" -- this collection of three of Shakespeare's greatest comedies is based on the acclaimed individual Folger editions of the plays. The present volume offers accurate texts in modern spelling, full explanatory notes, and scene-by-scene action summaries.
 id : 240714 ISBN : 0226107566  | name : Misery and Company  |  description : Preface 1: The Social Character of Sympathy 2: Sympathy Giving: Forms and Process 3: Framing Events as Bad Luck: Sympathy Entrepreneurs and the Grounds for Sympathy 4: The Socioemotional Economy, Social Value, and Sympathy Margin 5: Sympathy Biography and the Rules of Sympathy Etiquette 6: Interpreting Deviance: The Sympathetic Response 7: Sympathy, Microhierarchy, and Micropolitics 8: Epilogue Appendix: Research Strategies References Name Index Subject Index Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 240717 ISBN : 015136902X  | name : The Great Code  |  description : An examination of the influence of the Bible on Western art and literature and on the Western creative imagination in general. Frye persuasively presents the Bible as a unique text distinct from all other epics and sacred writings. "No one has set forth so clearly, so subtly, or with such cogent energy as Frye the literary aspect of our biblical heritage" (New York Times Book Review). Indices.
 id : 240718 ISBN : 0812693353  | name : How Schools Really Work  |  description : Is your child's school doing a good job or is it failing your child? How Schools Really Work gives you the answer. It explains what to look for and what questions to ask. Once you have read this book, you will quickly and easily be able to determine how well or badly your school is run. You will never again be baffled or sidetracked by the evasions of school administrators. And if you find that your school is 'broken', you will know how to overcome the opposition of the bureaucracy, and fix it.
 id : 240720 ISBN : 0060266716  | name : How I Survived Being a Girl  |  description : Carolyn is a girl with strong opinions. On being a girl: ‘stupid.’ Wearing dresses: ‘only when forced, and then with shorts underneath.’ Summer nights: ‘make you feel invincible.’ Girls with MaryJjanes: ‘no use at all.’ The boy next door: ‘I do not have a crush on him!’ The top bunk: ‘for really great dreams.’ She thought she knew how she felt about everything. But the summer before the sixth grade, though everthing seemed the same, it all felt different. In this wonderfully funny first novel, Wendelin Van Draanen perfectly captures the emotional earthquakes of growing up and growing into oneself.
 id : 240721 ISBN : 014019617X  | name : The Way of the Labyrinth  |  description : The first time Helen Curry walked a labyrinth she was moved to tears and then "was filled with peace and possibilities." Here, she shares her years of experience with labyrinth meditation and shows how others can find serenity and guidance by adopting this increasingly popular practice. Unlike mazes, which force choices and can create fear and confusion, labyrinths are designed to "embrace" and guide individuals through a calming, meditative walk on a single circular path. The Way of the Labyrinth includes meditations, prayers, questions for enhancing labyrinth walks, guidelines for ceremonies, instructions for finger meditations, and extensive resources. This enchanting, practical, and exquisitely packaged guide helps both novice and experienced readers enjoy the benefits of labyrinth meditation, from problem-solving to stress reduction to personal transformation. Includes a foreword by Jean Houston, the renowned author and leader in the field of humanistic psychology, who is considered the grandmother of the current labyrinth revival.
 id : 240724 ISBN : 0743417518  | name : Star Trek Voyager Companion  |  description : A companion to the popular syndicated television show offers a complete show-by-show guide to the series, including plot summaries and behind-the-scenes details
 id : 240725 ISBN : 0671501062  | name : Deep Space Nine Companion  |  description : Lavishly illustrated with a wealth of rare photos and drawings, this is the first and only fully authorized, comprehensive companion to seven seasons of the television show "TV Guide" called "the best acted, written, produced, and altogether finest of the four "Trek" series".
 id : 240726 ISBN : 0671627260  | name : The Star Trek Compendium  |  description : The official guide to Star Trek, just in time for Star Trek's 20th anniversary celebration. Includes synopsis of all episodes, background information, information on the animated series and movies and 125 photographs.
 id : 240728 ISBN : 0871238810  | name : The Lady's Confession  |  description : The curate's own spiritual awaking had influenced Juliet's admission, But how could she have foreseen the dramatic consequences?
 id : 240730 ISBN : 0743467531  | name : Star Trek: Strange New Worlds VI  |  description : A sixth entertaining anthology of never-before-published short stories written by Star Trek fans and based on the Star Trek universe ranges in time frame from the early days of Captain Anchen and James T. Kirk and his crew to the later generations of Captains Picard, Sisko, and Janeway. Original.
 id : 240732 ISBN : 0743437780  | name : Star Trek: Strange New Worlds V  |  description : Back by popular demand! Our fifth anthology featuring original Star Trek,® Star Trek: The Next Generation,® Star Trek: Deep Space Nine,® and Star Trek: Voyager® stories written by Star Trek fans, for Star Trek fans! The past five Strange New Worlds competitions have drawn thousands of submissions. This new galaxy of amazing stories, proves that our writers keep on expanding the boundaries of their collective imaginations. Strange New Worlds V features newly released stories spanning the twenty-third and twenty-fourth centuries, from the early days of Captain Kirk and his crew to the later generations of Captains Picard, Sisko, and Janeway. These unforgettable stories explore and examine the past and future of Star Trek from many different perspectives. Join Strange New Worlds in its thrilling quest to uncover the most compelling Star Trek fiction this side of the Galactic Barrier!
 id : 240733 ISBN : 0743411315  | name : Star Trek: Strange New Worlds IV  |  description : In the fourth year of its ongoing mission, the Strange New Worlds writing competition has once again sought out exciting new voices and imaginations among Star Trek's vast galaxy of fans. After scanning countless submissions for signs of style and originality, the judges are proud to report that the universe of amazing Star Trek writers just keeps expanding. Strange New Worlds IV features more than a dozen never-before-published stories spanning the twenty-third and twenty-fourth centuries, from the early days of James T. Kirk and his crew to the later generations of Captains Picard, Sisko, and Janeway. These memorable new tales explore and examine the past and future of Star Trek from many different perspectives. Join Strange New Worlds in its thrilling quest to uncover the most compelling Star Trek Þction this side of the Galactic Barrier!
 id : 240735 ISBN : 0671036521  | name : Star Trek: Strange New Worlds III  |  description : Back by popular demand -- again! Our third anthology featuring original Star Trek®, Star Trek: The Next Generation®, Star Trek: Deep Space Nine®, and Star Trek: Voyager® stories written by Star Trek fans, for Star Trek fans! Each Strange New Worlds competition draws a greater response than the last. The final selections gathered here were chosen from an overwhelming number of entries by virtue of their originality and style. With wit, compassion, and an affection for all things Star Trek, these brand-new authors take us where Star Trek has never gone before. Their tales rocket across the length and breadth of Federation time and space, from when Captain Kirk explored the galaxy on the first Starship Enterprise™, through Captain Picard's U.S.S. Enterprise™ 1701-D and Captain Sisko's Deep Space Nine™, to Captain Janeway's Starship Voyager™, with many more fascinating stops along the way. Find out what happens in the Star Trek universe when fans -- like you -- take the helm!
 id : 240737 ISBN : 0671623281  | name : Tapestry of Pride  |  description : Returning from the Crusades, Lord Nicholas de Rochambeau is determined to improve relations with Johanna de Pomeray, his mysteriously defiant wife
 id : 240738 ISBN : 0394177681  | name : Project for a Revolution in New York; A Novel.  |  description : New York City's crime world and drug culture provides the setting for ritual murder and sadistic orgies in this modern French novel
 id : 240739 ISBN : 0312851065  | name : The Elvenbane  |  description : Born in the desert to an exiled concubine and raised by dragons, Shana becomes a wizard of extraordinary power and leads a rebellion against the cruel elven empire ruled by her father
 id : 240740 ISBN : 0141439750  | name : Silas Marner  |  description : George Eliot's tale of a solitary miser gradually redeemed by the joy of fatherhood, Silas Marner is edited with an introduction and notes by David Carroll in Penguin Classics. Wrongly accused of theft and exiled from a religious community many years before, the embittered weaver Silas Marner lives alone in Raveloe, living only for work and his precious hoard of money. But when his money is stolen and an orphaned child finds her way into his house, Silas is given the chance to transform his life. His fate, and that of Eppie, the little girl he adopts, is entwined with Godfrey Cass, son of the village Squire, who, like Silas, is trapped by his past. Silas Marner, George Eliot's favourite of her novels, combines humour, rich symbolism and pointed social criticism to create an unsentimental but affectionate portrait of rural life. This text uses the Cabinet edition, revised by George Eliot in 1878. David Carroll's introduction is complemented by the original Penguin Classics edition introduction by Q.D. Leavis. Mary Ann Evans (1819-80) began her literary career as a translator, and later editor, of the Westminster Review. In 1857, she published Scenes of Clerical Life, the first of eight novels she would publish under the name of 'George Eliot', including The Mill on the Floss, Middlemarch, and Daniel Deronda. If you enjoyed Silas Marner, you might like Nathaniel Hawthorne's The Scarlet Letter, also available in Penguin Classics. 'I think Silas Marner holds a higher place than any of the author's works. It is more nearly a masterpiece; it has more of that simple, rounded, consummate aspect ... which marks a classical work' Henry James
 id : 240741 ISBN : 0312866097  | name : Icehenge  |  description : In the technologically advanced world of the future, the human race, free from the problems of aging, embark on the challenging quest to colonize Mars, Luna, and Titan
 id : 240743 ISBN : 0395410592  | name : Closing the Ring  |  description : An account of World War II from 1943 to June 5, 1944 tracing the liberation of France and the slow collapse of Nazi Germany
 id : 240746 ISBN : 1879618036  | name : Preparing Instructional Objectives  |  description : Instructional objectives are the cornerstone of successful instruction. When written well, they enable you to identify appropriate content for your instruction, organize your instruction in the best way possible, and create tools to accurately determine if instruction is achieving your goals. This book is your systematic guide to identifying, selecting, and writing objectives that create the foundation for instructional success. Newly revised and completely updated, this third edition shows you how to write objectives that give you the power to: Select the best content and methods for achieving your objectives; Provide learners with a road map to guide them through the learning process; Give learners a better chance of succeeding; and Demonstrate the value of what you're teaching. -- from Back Cover.
 id : 240747 ISBN : 0395410568  | name : Their Finest Hour  |  description : Covers the problems confronted by Churchill as he becomes Prime Minister, the Battle of France, the story of Dunkirk, the Battle of Britain, and the rebuilding of England's Army.
 id : 240748 ISBN : 039302878X  | name : Jane Brody's Good Food Gourmet  |  description : The last ten years has witnessed a revolution in nutrition consciousness, and its leader has been Jane Brody. Her bestselling Nurtition Book has shown that healthy food can be delicious and that "nutrition" need not be synonymous with "denial". Here she presents more than 500 all-new dishes to satisfy the growing trend for more elegant meals. Illustrated.
 id : 240752 ISBN : 0140436995  | name : Selected Poems of Thomas Hardy  |  description : Thomas Hardy abandoned the novel form at the turn of the century, probably after public reaction to Jude the Obscure, but continued to write verse displaying a wide variety of metrical styles and stanza forms and a broad scope of tone and attitude. This definitive volume contains selections from his numerous collections published between 1898 and 1928. For more than seventy years, Penguin has been the leading publisher of classic literature in the English-speaking world. With more than 1,700 titles, Penguin Classics represents a global bookshelf of the best works throughout history and across genres and disciplines. Readers trust the series to provide authoritative texts enhanced by introductions and notes by distinguished scholars and contemporary authors, as well as up-to-date translations by award-winning translators.
 id : 240754 ISBN : 0062720635  | name : Speak the Speech  |  description : Offers quotations from Shakespeare's works, arranged by subject, with a glossary of antiquated terms
 id : 240755 ISBN : 0874035813  | name : Out of the Wilderness  |  description : The reader makes choices about the unfolding of Moses's life.
 id : 240758 ISBN : 014009735X  | name : Ghosts  |  description : The second book in the acclaimed New York Trilogy--a detective story that becomes a haunting and eerie exploration of identity and deception. It is a story of hidden violence that culminates in an inevitable but unexpectedly shattering climax.
 id : 240760 ISBN : 0234774541  | name : As I Remember Them  |  description : "Grandniece of composer Peter Ilich Tchaikovsky, and granddaughter of his patroness Nadezhda von Meck"--Columbia University.
 id : 240764 ISBN : 225315332X  | name : Présentations de la philosophie  |  description : Philosopher, c'est penser par soi-même, chercher la liberté et le bonheur, dans la vérité. Mais nul n'y parvient sans l'aide de la pensée des autres, sans ces grands philosophes qui depuis l'Antiquité ont voulu éclairer les grandes questions de la vie humaine. Pour nous aider dans nos premiers pas, André Comte-Sponville nous propose ici l'approche de douze thèmes éternels, tels que la politique et la morale, l'amour et la mort, la connaissance et la sagesse... Se référant aux grands courants philosophiques dans leur diversité, leurs convergences ou leurs contradictions, il nous invite à continuer ensuite l'exploration par nous-mêmes, en nous proposant un guide détaillé des œuvres et des auteurs essentiels de la philosophie occidentale. Donner l'envie à chacun d'aller y voir de plus près, l'aider à y trouver à la fois du plaisir et des lumières telle est l'ambition de cet essai, œuvre d'un spécialiste qui n'a pas oublié l'appel de Diderot : "Hâtons-nous de rendre la philosophie populaire !"
 id : 240765 ISBN : 0140424393  | name : Paradise Lost  |  description : Edited with an introduction and notes by John Leonard.
 id : 240766 ISBN : 0312134452  | name : The Brontës  |  description : Reexamines the lives of the famous literary family to develop a fuller perspective on each writer's personality
 id : 240767 ISBN : 0415940907  | name : Selected Poems  |  description : First Published in 2002. Routledge is an imprint of Taylor & Francis, an informa company.
 id : 240770 ISBN : 1400045940  | name : Jesus and the Lost Goddess  |  description : Why Were the Teachings of the Original Christians Brutally Suppressed by the Roman Church? • Because they portray Jesus and Mary Magdalene as mythic figures based on the Pagan Godman and Goddess • Because they show that the gospel story is a spiritual allegory encapsulating a profound philosophy that leads to mythical enlightenment • Because they have the power to turn the world inside out and transform life into an exploration of consciousness Drawing on modern scholarship, the authors of the international bestseller The Jesus Mysteries decode the secret teachings of the original Christians for the first time in almost two millennia and theorize about who the original Christians really were and what they actually taught. In addition, the book explores the many myths of Jesus and the Goddess and unlocks the lost secret teachings of Christian mysticism, which promise happiness and immortality to those who attain the state of Gnosis, or enlightenment. This daring and controversial book recovers the ancient wisdom of the original Christians and demonstrates its relevance to us today.
 id : 240771 ISBN : 1556708793  | name : The Atlas of Literature  |  description : "The Atlas of Literature" explores the fascinating connection between writers and place. This ambitious and exciting book focuses on writers and works that are intimately bound up with a place and a time, capturing a town, a city, a region, in its literary heyday.
 id : 240775 ISBN : 1557832919  | name : Measure for Measure  |  description : This is a "painful" play - a dark comedy.
 id : 240776 ISBN : 0373240783  | name : The Lone Ranger  |  description : The Lone Ranger by Sharon De Vita released on Nov 22, 1996 is available now for purchase.
 id : 240778 ISBN : 1557833931  | name : The Life and Death of King Richard the Second  |  description : (Applause Books). If there has ever been a groundbreaking edition that likewise returns the reader to the original Shakespeare text, it will be THE APPLAUSE FOLIO TEXTS. If there has ever been an accessible version of the Folio, it is this edition, set for the first time in modern fonts. The Folio is the source of all other editions. The Folio text forces us to re-examine the assumptions and prejudices which have encumbered over four hundred years of scholarship and performance. Notes refer the reader to subsequent editorial interventions, and offer the reader a multiplicity of interpretations. Notes also advise the reader on variations between Folios and Quartos. Prepared and annotated by Neil Freeman, Head, Graduate Directing Program, University of British Columbia.
 id : 240781 ISBN : 0786854146  | name : Birnbaum's Disneyland Resort  |  description : Birnbaum's Disneyland Resort 2004 has all the information visitors need, including prices, attractions, hotel and restaurant listings with an expanded nightlife section, valuable coupons, and much more. This updated edition includes special coverage of Disneyland's holidays and special events, as well as info on Disney's California Adventure Park's newest blockbuster attraction, The Hollywood Tower of Terror, and Disneyland Park's new crowd-pleaser, The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh. Other highlights include expanded information on the Disneyland Resort dining scene, with a Restaurant Round-up, and a fresh look at Southern California excursions, plus a complete guide to Disneyland's Good Neighbor Hotels, a system for helping visitors work within their vacation budgets. Make the most of your vacation and get the best travel advice about this legendary vacation spot with Birnbaum's Disneyland Resort 2004.
 id : 240782 ISBN : 0226118665  | name : The Solitary Self  |  description : A monumental achievement, Maurice Cranston's trilogy provides the definitive account of Jean-Jacques Rousseau's turbulent life. Now available in paperback, this final volume completes a masterful biography of one of the most important philosophers of all time. The Solitary Self traces the last tempestuous years of Rousseau's life. "The Solitary Self is a fitting coda to a magisterial work. Cranston . . . is a compelling stylist who narrates Rousseau's tribulations with a mixture of compassion and dry humor."—Thomas Pavel, Wall Street Journal "Cranston not only recreates for his readers a rounded view of Rousseau himself, he sets it firmly in the social and political context of Europe's ancien regime. . . . An engrossing work of history."—John Gray, New Statesman "Cranston's painstaking archival research and lucid style yield the most detailed and thoroughly documented biography of Rousseau written in English. His epilogue masterfully sums up Rousseau's importance as political philosopher and initiator of romantic sensibilities."—Choice "Anyone curious about the paradoxes of a most paradoxical man will not go wrong by starting with this invaluable biography."—James Miller, Washington Post Book World "As absorbing as a picaresque novel."—Naomi Bliven, New Yorker "A monument of scholarship. . . . This amazing biography, like Boswell's account of Johnson, recreates the daily life of Rousseau: what he did, who he saw, what he said, what he wrote. . . . We may be quite confident that we hold in our hands the authoritative account of this life. The definitive Rousseau."—Isaac Kramnick, New Republic Maurice Cranston (1920-1993), a distinguished scholar and recipient of the James Tait Black Memorial Prize for his biography of John Locke, was professor of political science at the London School of Economics. His numerous books include The Romantic Movement and Philosophers and Pamphleteers, and translations of Rousseau's The Social Contract and Discourse on the Origins of Inequality.
 id : 240783 ISBN : 0226118649  | name : The Noble Savage  |  description : In this second volume of the unparalleled exposition of Rousseau's life and works, Cranston completes and corrects the story told in Rousseau's Confessions, and offers a vivid, entirely new history of his most eventful and productive years. "Luckily for us, Maurice Cranston's The Noble Savage: Jean-Jacques Rousseau, 1754-1762 has managed to craft a highly detailed account of eight key years of Rousseau's life in such a way that we can both understand and even, on occasion, sympathize."—Olivier Bernier, Wall Street Journal Maurice Cranston (1920-1993), a distinguished scholar and recipient of the James Tait Black Memorial Prize for his biography of John Locke, was professor of political science at the London School of Economics. His numerous books include The Romantic Movement and Philosophers and Pamphleteers, and translations of Rousseau's The Social Contract and Discourse on the Origins of Inequality.
 id : 240785 ISBN : 0399522107  | name : Celestially Auspicious Occasions  |  description : From ancient times to the present there have been special days that mark the passage of time, announce the arrival or retreat of the sun, moon, and stars, and signify holy days and holidays alike. Celestially Auspicious Occasions presents a fascinating cross-cultural exploration of the rites and rituals inspired by heavenly events, from Valentine's Day to the blue moon to connection between ancient Egyptian beliefs and Easter eggs.
 id : 240786 ISBN : 0440504295  | name : Shakespeare A to Z  |  description : The essential reference to his plays, his poems, his life and times, and more.
 id : 240788 ISBN : 0802136125  | name : The Book of Job  |  description : The publication of the King James version of the Bible, translated between 1603 and 1611, coincided with an extraordinary flowering of English literature and is universally acknowledged as the greatest influence on English-language literature in history. Now, world-class literary writers introduce the book of the King James Bible in a series of beautifully designed, small-format volumes. The introducers' passionate, provocative, and personal engagements with hte spirituality and the language of the text make the Bible come alive as a stunning work of literature and remind us of its overwhelming contemporary relevance.
 id : 240789 ISBN : 0802136109  | name : The First Book of Moses, Called Genesis  |  description : The publication of the King James version of the Bible, translated between 1603 and 1611, coincided with an extraordinary flowering of English literature and is universally acknowledged as the greatest influence on English-language literature in history. Now, world-class literary writers introduce the book of the King James Bible in a series of beautifully designed, small-format volumes. The introducers' passionate, provocative, and personal engagements with the spirituality and the language of the text make the Bible come alive as a stunning work of literature and remind us of its overwhelming contemporary relevance.
 id : 240790 ISBN : 0140447210  | name : The Epic of Gilgamesh  |  description : Originally the work of an anonymous Babylonian poet, who lived over 3700 years ago, this is the tale of one man's struggle against death. Not content with the immortal renown won by reckless deeds, the hero of the epic seeks immortality itself and journeys to the end of the earth and beyond.
 id : 240791 ISBN : 0192829270  | name : The Turn of the Screw and Other Stories  |  description : Whether viewed as a subtle, self-conscious exploration of the haunted house of Victorian culture, filled with echoes of sexual and social unease, or simply as "the most hopelessly evil story we have ever read," The Turn of the Screw is probably the most famous of ghostly tales and certainly the most eerily equivocal. This new edition includes three rarely reprinted ghost stories from the 1890s, "Sir Edmund Orme," "Owen Wingrave," and "The Friends of the Friends," as well as relevant extracts from James's notebooks and journals.
 id : 240793 ISBN : 0553206044  | name : Green Eyes  |  description : Julie's jealousy threatens to ruin her relationship with Dan when his old girlfriend returns.
 id : 240796 ISBN : 0749701846  | name : The Summer-house Loon  |  description : Eén dag en een nacht zijn genoeg om het leven van een blinde professor, dat van zijn dochter, een eigenwijze student en diens grote liefde - de secretaresse van de professor - , een vokomen nieuwe wending te geven.
 id : 240798 ISBN : 0809224267  | name : Love is Enough  |  description : For the hopeless romantic, this collection of poems by Wordsworth, Tennyson, Shelley, Keats and others is complemented by full-color, dreamlike paintings done by a variety of 19th-century artists.
 id : 240799 ISBN : 0553254707  | name : Mission  |  description : Allie's plan to develop a spy ring among her friends to investigate each other's boyfriends has unexpected repercussions when she begins dating Greg.
 id : 240800 ISBN : 0553235338  | name : Tender Loving Care  |  description : Juliet Adams tries hard to hate the runaway her mother has invited to stay with them, but she finds her feelings for Neil Evans are turning to love.
 id : 240802 ISBN : 0553261967  | name : The Other Me  |  description : Jill Novick imitates the outgoing personality of a friend in order to impress Peter Wilson, but only succeeds in making him think that she is shallow and selfish.
 id : 240804 ISBN : 0553244078  | name : Falling in Love Again  |  description : Mariah tries to overcome her grief over the death of her first boyfriend and find new love with a boy, whom she met while working on the school play.
 id : 240805 ISBN : 0553268643  | name : Playing the Field  |  description : When Troy encourages her to go out for the field hockey team, Megan doesn't expect to turn into the school's star athlete--but that's exactly what happens. She enjoys the attention so much that she starts to lose sight of Troy.
 id : 240806 ISBN : 0807820636  | name : The Lost Boy  |  description : Novella, written in 1937 and unpublished before in unabridged form, explores the themes of time and remembrance.
 id : 240808 ISBN : 1578564980  | name : The ADHD Autism Connection  |  description : Highlighting the surprising connections between the ADHD and autism fields, Kennedy reveals new information that patients, physicians and family members of affected children and adults need to know.
 id : 240811 ISBN : 1853027111  | name : Eating an Artichoke  |  description : A mother's search to find a diagnosis, medical care and educational support for her son, eventually diagnosed with Asperger syndrome. The author shares coping and teaching strategies devised over the years.
 id : 240815 ISBN : 0553482777  | name : One on One  |  description : After a nasty foul leaves Will Hopwood with a sprained wrist, he has to teach Chunky Schwartz some sweet moves so the Branford Bulls can win the championship.
 id : 240816 ISBN : 1572242701  | name : Talking to Alzheimer's  |  description : Simple ways to connect when you visit with a family member or friend.
 id : 240817 ISBN : 0399526358  | name : There's Still a Person in There  |  description : Provides Alzheimer's patients and their families with information on the latest medical advances and offers guidance.
 id : 240821 ISBN : 0674013255  | name : What the Best College Teachers Do  |  description : What makes a great teacher great? Which professors do students remember long after graduation? This book, based on a 15-year study of nearly 100 college teachers, offers answers for all educators. Bain provides humorous and touching examples of ingenuity and compassion, of students' discoveries of new ideas and the depth of their own potential.
 id : 240822 ISBN : 0440201535  | name : Remember Me to Harold Square  |  description : When Frank spends the summer with Kendra and her family in their New York City apartment, a friendship develops as the two teenagers set off on a scavenger hunt exploring the city's museums, restaurants, and other landmarks
 id : 240823 ISBN : 0906286298  | name : Understanding Your Cat  |  description : Examines genealogy, the pedigree and non-pedigree, physical abilities, life-cycle, and life-style of the feline with photographs, explanatory drawings, and narrative.
 id : 240824 ISBN : 0192804782  | name : Sense and Sensibility  |  description : In her first published novel, Jane Austen presents us with the subtle portraits of two contrasting by equally compelling heroines. Through their parallel experiences of love, loss, and hope, she offers a powerful analysis of the ways in which women's lives were shaped by the claustrophobic society in which they had to survive. This revised editions contains new notes, appendices, chronology, and bibliography.
 id : 240825 ISBN : 0192802380  | name : Pride and Prejudice  |  description : 'his perfect indifference, and your pointed dislike, make it so delightfully absurd!' Pride and Prejudice has delighted generations of readers with its unforgettable cast of characters, carefully choreographed plot, and a hugely entertaining view of the world and its absurdities. With the arrival of eligible young men in their neighbourhood, the lives of Mr and Mrs Bennet and their five daughters are turned inside out and menide down. Pride encounters prejudice, upward-mobility confronts social disdain, and quick-wittedness challenges sagacity, as misconceptions and hasty judgements lead to heartache and scandal, but eventually to true understanding, self-knowledge, and love. In this supremely satisfying story, Jane Austen balances comedy with seriousness, and witty observation with profound insight. If Elizabeth Bennet returns again and again to her letter from Mr Darcy, readers of the novel are drawn even more irresistibly by its captivating wisdom.
 id : 240826 ISBN : 0356108341  | name : The Cat Repair Handbook  |  description : Describes the characteristics and behavior of cats, provides information on routine care and feeding, and discusses first aid, neutering, and common health problems
 id : 240827 ISBN : 0553288024  | name : Because of Lissa  |  description : In memory of sixteen-year-old Lissa Mainzer, who suddenly and without warning commits suicide, Lissa's friends decide to establish a hotline for teens in order to help others in crisis situations.
 id : 240832 ISBN : 0333537971  | name : Loitering with Intent: The child  |  description : Peter O'Toole's account of his early life - a childhood framed by Captain Patrick O'Toole, itinerant racetrack bookmaker and Constance Jane Eliot Ferguson who had wavy black hair, quick eyes and a determination to marry for money, his schooldays under the long shadow of Adolf Hitler, his years in the navy, his short-lived career as a cub reporter and the almost accidental audition at RADA that launched his career.
 id : 240833 ISBN : 0446690899  | name : Leaving Atlanta  |  description : An award-winning author makes her fiction debut with this coming-of-age story of three young black children set against the backdrop of the Atlanta child murders of 1979.
 id : 240834 ISBN : 0141004150  | name : Lady Travellers  |  description : The true stories of the extraordinary women who visited New Zealand when it was a fledgling colony - the 19th century land of Maori, mountains, fjords, forests and volcanoes - an exotic, far-flung frontier of the British Empire.
 id : 240836 ISBN : 0590327380  | name : How to be a Teen Model  |  description : Young models provide tips on initial meetings with modeling agencies, interviewing, and portfolio-stocking, plus beauty and health secrets for girls who want to break into the business.
 id : 240839 ISBN : 0140037020  | name : A Little of what You Fancy  |  description : Teetotal Ma said. It s a libel. He ll never live it down. He ll never be able to hold his head up again. Whatever will people think? What s he going to say when anybody asks him to have one? No, said Dr Conner. You ll have to strap him down, Ma said. You ll have to put the handcuffs on. And so after a mild heart-attack caused by rather too much of what you fancy Pop Larkin finds himself off the booze, off the good food and off the good life generally, much to his own and everyone s else s horror and upset. And while Ma tries to find ways around doctor s orders, young Primrose is finding her own way round a rather flustered not to say flushed Mr Candy "
 id : 240840 ISBN : 0716747014  | name : Newton's Tyranny  |  description : One of the great figures in history, Sir Isaac Newton personifies the triumph of scientific reason over ignorance. Yet for all his contributions to the Enlightenment, Newton was a deeply complex man who sometimes aggressively tried to obscure the intellectual achievements of others of others. Newton's Tyranny is the story of two men who felt the full wrath of the great man's hostility-the Reverend John Flamsteed, the first Astronomer Royal, and Stephen Gray, a humble dyer and amateur scientist. United not only by a love of science, but by a bitter and protracted conflict with Newton, the two men made significant contributions to science despite the observational astronomy and navigation. Drawing upon letters and historical documents, Newton's Tyranny vividly recreates the British scientific community of the early 18th century. It was an era of great achievement, but the crucible of science was often heated by Machiavellian intrigue, uncontrollable ambition, and larger-than-life personalities. Against this dramatic setting, the saga of Newton, Flamsteed and Gray unfolds, a story of loyalty and commitment against great odds. A fascinating look at a forgotten piece of science history, Newton's Tyranny exposes the dark side of flawed genius while celebrating the ultimate triumph of two unsung heroes.
 id : 240841 ISBN : 0860072681  | name : The Ultra Secret  |  description : At the beginning of April 1940, the first enemy signals were intercepted and broken, in an operation codenamed Ultra.
 id : 240844 ISBN : 1579660428  | name : My Mother's Witness  |  description : Biography of the woman who defied fear and violence to serve as a witness for the prosecution at the retrial of Byron De La Beckwith for the murder of Medgar Evers.
 id : 240847 ISBN : 0399147845  | name : What You Owe Me  |  description : Matriece is determined to collect what she thinks a huge cosmetics conglomerate owes her late mother.
 id : 240848 ISBN : 0684864851  | name : Endgame  |  description : Scott Ritter was the longest-serving weapons inspector and head of the on-site team in Iraq when he resigned in protest over UN and US policy in August 1998. In ENDGAME Ritter has compiled an exciting, tense account of the cat-and-mouse game the inspection teams played with duplicitous Iraqi officials, set against the shifting sands of international diplomacy. He describes how, even as the inspectors were risking their lives to uncover Saddam's deadly weapons, the programme was being betrayed as the French, the Russians and finally the US lobbied to soften UN policy. He also reveals both how the US manipulated the inspections for their own ends and the shadowy role played by the CIA. He knows better than anyone what weapons Saddam has and he lists Iraq's destructive capacity in chilling detail. Combined with an insightful analysis of how Saddam came to power and how he retains a despotic grip on the country, Ritter clearly demonstrates that it is only a matter of time before Saddam unleashes his weapons of mass destruction again. Above all he uses his unique knowledge of Iraq to outline a plan for dealing with Saddam Hussein. The attempts to bomb Saddam into submission have clearly failed. France and Russia are prepared to turn a blind eye as Saddam rebuilds his arsenal. The US has no long-term solution. Scott Ritter's plan could be the only way forward.
 id : 240849 ISBN : 0395277876  | name : Alice James, a Biography  |  description : psychology and philosophy. Her life, then, is a singular portrait embedded in a family history that dazzled her age and still interests ours.
 id : 240851 ISBN : 0553294598  | name : The News Is Love  |  description : Chosen for the staff of Memorial High's Gazette, Julie Davis is thrilled when the paper's handsome editor, Brian Frederickson, takes an obvious interest in her.
 id : 240854 ISBN : 0571168744  | name : Lipstick on Your Collar  |  description : Set in post-war Britain, this Potter screenplay has been made into a C4 TV series. It is the time of Suez and the setting is the War Office - half of the department's incumbents are true army men, British to the core and proud of it, but the remainder are world-weary national servicemen, aching to get into the civvies and the promise of a new life. Post-war austerity is still with us, but the younger style is making itself felt - and Potter's rock 'n' roll music reflects this.
 id : 240857 ISBN : 1857880781  | name : Snapshots From Hell  |  description : This work is an attempt to provide an answer to the paramount question every prospective student asks, "What is business school really like?" During his first year at Stanford Business School, the author began keeping a journal of his day-to-day impressions which evolved into this book, the writing of which he came to see as a "simple act of decency, like going back to the last calm bend in the river and nailing up a sign that reads 'Waterfall Ahead'". From his initial harrowing days at "maths camp" through the dizzying phalanx of core courses, the frenzy of the exam week, the pitfalls and triumphs of the interview process (including a surreal interview with Robert Maxwell) to being wined and dined by some of the most prestigious companies in the world, Robinson's account is an irreverent story peopled with a wide range of characters.
 id : 240858 ISBN : 1550171526  | name : Selkie  |  description : One morning it starts raining in Cassidy's house, and nobody can get it to stop. Like everyone else, Cassisy figures it's just a problem with the pipes. She doesn't know that she's about to embark on the ride of her life. She doesn't know that before the year is out, she will have wound up in hospital with every bruise and welt from her twenty-year marriage showing on her body, and survived a surreal whale-watching raft accident, and travelled through lifetimes and constellations, and written her life story into a salt-encrusted rock on a deserted beach. Even more strange and wonderful, she will have experienced the selkies, those mythical creatures, half-seal, half-woman, who swim through the deepest waters of every woman's heart.
 id : 240859 ISBN : 0744572428  | name : Bernard's Gang  |  description : Bernard is feeling left out. Yesterday he and Squashy Petch were special friends, but today Squashy is playing with Ozzie Flatt, and a big boy is asking him for money. Who can Bernard turn to? Bernard really needs a pal - in fact, a whole gang of pals.
 id : 240860 ISBN : 0261104004  | name : J.R.R. Tolkien  |  description : Recent polls have consistently declared that J.R.R. Tolkien is the most influential author of the century, and The Lord of the Rings as Book of the Century. In light of this, the respected and world-renowned Tolkien scholar Tom Shippey presents us with a companion to the works of J.R.R. Tolkien, in particular focusing on The Hobbit, The Lord of the Rings and The Silmarillion.
 id : 240861 ISBN : 0312110197  | name : Late of this Parish  |  description : The fourth case in Detective Chief Inspector Gil Mayo's investigative career opens with the altar-side murder of the Reverend Cecil Willard, a man possessed of stern morals, diehard opinions, and more enemies than friends. By the author of Death of a Good Woman.
 id : 240864 ISBN : 0140700811  | name : The Colonial Australians  |  description : Nineteenth century Australian social history.
 id : 240865 ISBN : 0553294520  | name : Almost Perfect  |  description : While swimming in the ocean near her California home, Serena is as graceful as a mermaid. But on land, she is so self-conscious about her limp that she avoids the other kids at Farringdon High--until popular Sonny Sinclair convinces Serena to join the school swim team and make new friends.
 id : 240866 ISBN : 1876334274  | name : The Silken Web  |  description : A natural history of Australian spiders, providing an overview of spiders, their evolution, anatomy, predators, and their silk and its uses. The book then groups Australian spiders according to their uses of silk, rather than in the more traditional taxonomic order.
 id : 240867 ISBN : 0435120514  | name : The Getting of Wisdom  |  description : A girls' boarding school story telling of a spirited and highly unconventional heroine and her attempts to adapt herself to the strict discipline of a narrow society.
 id : 240868 ISBN : 0553249452  | name : Questions of Love  |  description : Sammi is thrilled when she is chosen for a TV game show because she can win the money for a new car, until she falls for Dave Handlin, a member of the opposing team, who needs the prize money for college.
 id : 240870 ISBN : 0316633798  | name : Legacy  |  description : From the bestselling biographer of Pamela Digby Churchill Hayward Harriman comes a multi-generational saga of one of America's wealthiest and most controversial families--the Annenbergs.
 id : 240871 ISBN : 0753807033  | name : The Victorian Internet  |  description : The history of the telegraph - the men and women who made it - and its relevance to the current Internet debate Beginning with the Abbe Nollet's famous experiment of 1746, when he successfully demonstrated that electricity could pass from one end to the other of a chain of two hundred monks, Tom Standage tells the story of the spread of the telegraph and its transformation of the Victorian world. The telegraph was greeted by all the same concerns, hype, social panic and excitement that now surround the Internet, and Standage provides both a fascinating insight into the past and a context in which to think rather differently of today's concerns. Standage has a wonderful prose style and an excellent eye for the telling and engaging story. Popular history at its best.
 id : 240872 ISBN : 0553294504  | name : Play Me a Love Song  |  description : Lonely and insecure at her new school, Liberty Layton finds new meaning in life when she falls deeply in love with handsome Brent Miller, but the reappearance of Brent's former girlfriend could send Liberty scurrying back into her protective shell.
 id : 240873 ISBN : 0553293540  | name : That Certain Feeling  |  description : To get into Pressler High's most exclusive sorority, Penny has to steal a rival school's basketball playbook. She agrees to take a playbook from her friend Woody, a member of the rival team. But as Penny gets to know Woody better, she wonders how she can go through with the ugly deed.
 id : 240875 ISBN : 0553261118  | name : Best Friends Forever  |  description : Jill Gardner, away at Rosemont College in Oregon, worries about her best friend, Toni Redmond back in Seattle, where an argument with her boyfriend has made Toni act rashly.
 id : 240877 ISBN : 0553248901  | name : The Boy She Left Behind  |  description : Upset when her summer job as a Senate page means leaving her boyfriend, Jill soon meets a new boy but finds herself faced with the problem of choosing between them.
 id : 240879 ISBN : 0553564838  | name : Face Up to Love  |  description : Always too busy with art to worry about boys or looks, Amanda Lindsay splurges on a complete make-over to attract handsome Jordan Michaels and suddenly becomes popular with the whole school, but at a high cost. Original.
 id : 240881 ISBN : 0044421257  | name : The Governesses  |  description : A rich insight into daily life in the Australian colonies in the mid-nineteenth century, as seen through the eyes of governesses who travelled from England to take up posts with local families...
 id : 240882 ISBN : 0553156403  | name : Her Honor, Katie Shannon  |  description : Vowing after an unfair detention that she will always listen to both sides of a story, Katie Shannon finds her resolve tested when she is appointed as a judge on Wakeman Junior High's new Teen Court.
 id : 240883 ISBN : 0716725037  | name : Uncertainty  |  description : Werner Heisenberg's genius and his place at the forefront of modern physics are unquestioned. His decision to remain in Germany throughout the Third Reich and his role in Hitler's atomic bomb project are still topics of heated debate. UNCERTAINTY is David Cassidy's compelling portrait of this brilliant, ambitious, and controversial scientist. It is the definitive Heisenberg biography, as well as a striking evocation of the development of quantum physics, the rise of Nazism, and the dawn of the atomic age.
 id : 240884 ISBN : 0684839032  | name : Visions of Technology  |  description : A collection of writings that discuss how technology has changed society and whether or not those changes have been beneficial.
 id : 240889 ISBN : 0747271364  | name : Alpha Beta  |  description : The epic story of the evolution of the alphabet, from man's earliest scratches on bone to the digital age and beyond
 id : 240891 ISBN : 0523424531  | name : Reckless Desire  |  description : Melinda Michaels and her daughter, Kara, are on a courageous journey across the frontier wilderness of America when they both fall in love with the rugged cattle baron, Tanner Royce
 id : 240894 ISBN : 0060933178  | name : Ether Day  |  description : On Friday, October 16, 1846, only one operation was scheduled at Massachusetts General Hospital.... That day in Boston, the operation was the routine removal of a growth from a man's neck. But one thing would not be routine: instead of using pulleys, hooks, and belts to subdue a patient writhing in pain, this crucial operation would be the first performed under a general anesthetic. No one knew whether the secret concoction would work. Some even feared it might kill the patient. This engrossing book chronicles what happened that day and during its dramatic aftermath. In a vivid history that is stranger than fiction, Ether Day tells the story of the three men who converged to invent the first anesthesia –– and the war of ego and greed that soon sent all three men spiraling wildly out of control.
 id : 240895 ISBN : 0738200948  | name : Silicon Sky  |  description : A classic American tale of ingenuity, hard work, guts and glory.
 id : 240896 ISBN : 1856190781  | name : Murther & Walking Spirits  |  description : Hovedpersonen Gil myrdes i bogens første sætning, men lever videre som spøgelse og tvinges til at betragte sine forfædres bedrifter og fejltagelser gennem tiderne
 id : 240897 ISBN : 0070414963  | name : The Virility Factor  |  description : A sex-linked disease kills potent men and engenders a world in which women are the masters and movers. The time: the 1970's. The place: the U.S.A virulent epidemic, Encephalitis 16, menaces the country.
 id : 240898 ISBN : 0436201216  | name : The Barrytown Trilogy  |  description : Set in Barrytown, north Dublin and featuring the Rabbitte family, their triumphs and their tragedies.
 id : 240900 ISBN : 0140266941  | name : Cousin Bette  |  description : Este libro historico puede tener numerosos errores tipograficos y texto faltante. Los compradores pueden descargar una copia gratuita escaneada del libro original (sin errores tipograficos) desde la editorial. No indexado. No se muestra. 1888 edition. Extracto: ...of the same work; though it is-a great proof of a man's inferior nature when he does not know how to make his wife his mistress. Constancy will ever be the genius of Love; the sign of an immense force, --the force that constitutes a poet. A man should find all women in his wife, --just as the soiled poets of the seventeenth century made Chloes and Daphnes of their Manons. "Well," said Lisbeth to Wenceslas, as soon as she saw him thoroughly fascinated, " what do you think of Valerie?" "Too charming " he answered. "You would n't listen to me," exclaimed Bette. "Ah, my little Wenceslas if you and I had stayed together you should have been the lover of this siren; you should have married her when she became a widow, and had the benefit of her forty thousand francs a year." "Has she all that?" "Certainly," said Bette. "But take care now what you are about; I have warned you of your danger; don't burn your fingers. Come, give rue your arm, dinner is ready." No speech could have been more demoralizing to a Pole; show him a precipice and he springs over it. The Polish race has the distinctive genius of cavalry; it believes in flinging itself headlong against obstacles and coming out victorious. The spur with which Lisbeth prodded his vanity was enforced by the scene in the dining-room, where an exquisite silver service made him conscious of the elegancies and refinements of Parisian luxury. "I should have done better," he reflected, "to have married Celimene." During dinner Hulot, who was pleased to find his son-in-law present, and still more pleased at the certainty of reconciliation with Valerie, of whose fidelity he now felt sure, since he could promise her Coquet's place, made himself delightful....
 id : 240901 ISBN : 1854799932  | name : Presumption  |  description : "A boon to anyone who has ever yearned for one more in the Jane Austen canon". -- Cynthia Ozick
 id : 240904 ISBN : 1874061106  | name : Called by a Panther  |  description : Terrorism hits Indianapolis with bombs, and gumshoe Samson works to nab the culprit before Indianapolis is blown off the map! "The late Ross Macdonald once said, 'Lewin is fast, funny and brilliant.' There seems no need to revise that assessment".--Wall Street Journal.
 id : 240907 ISBN : 0732908884  | name : Funnelweb  |  description : Thriller, set in Sydney. Sydney becomes a city of fear, preyed on by mutant funnelweb spiders that have been irradiated by a contaminant from a US submarine.
 id : 240911 ISBN : 0732257468  | name : Psycho Cat  |  description : A humorous collection of short stories, about cats, for cat lovers and haters alike. Derek Hansen's other works include Lunch With the Generals and Lunch With Mussolini.
 id : 240912 ISBN : 0702222259  | name : Eight Voices of the Eighties  |  description : No Marketing Blurb
 id : 240913 ISBN : 1863735313  | name : Case Reopened  |  description : A series of real cases investigated by Australian crime writers who were asked to take a famous Australian murder or mystery - and solve it! Have they really stumbled onto new information, or are their speculations merely fiction?
 id : 240920 ISBN : 0340384492  | name : A Family Madness  |  description : A powerful and disturbing love story about two families and that madness that invades not only their dreams but their lives.
 id : 240923 ISBN : 0140101810  | name : Beyond Redemption  |  description : Katie Mitchell is a well brought up Catholic girl in the dark ages of the nineteen fifties. Her father loves her very much. Her mother values piety and chastity above all. This is a brave and funny novel about falling rapturously in love and being condemned for it; about wakening sensibility and constraint, and about finding oneself growing up in spite of the voices that say 'no'. Initially published by Penguin in 1987, this Australian classic is being re-published as a 20th Anniversary celebration. ."Beyond redemption is one of our truly great novels. It moved me deeply and I shall never forget it." Alex Miller Miles Franklin and Commonwealth Writer's Prize winner.
 id : 240925 ISBN : 0460871412  | name : Little Women and Good Wives  |  description : Chronicles the humorous and sentimental fortunes of the four March sisters as they grow into young ladies and marry in nineteenth-century New England.
 id : 240926 ISBN : 1576105067  | name : Under the Radar  |  description : Provides the reader with an insider's view of the investment deals and market momentum that eventually led to Red Hat's IPO and its ability to bring Linux--the open source operating system based on the Linux kernel created by Finnish computer scientist Linus Torvalds--into the mainstream.
 id : 240927 ISBN : 0835607194  | name : How the World Can be the Way it is  |  description : In this warm and witty book, scientist and Zen priest Hagen shows a way to cut past the illusion of life and see things as they really are. Using examples from quantum physics, philosophy, and mathematics, Hagen explains how our dependence on objective reality and "common sense" can get in the way of the truth. Illustrations, photos, diagrams.
 id : 240928 ISBN : 0670199273  | name : Cadillac Desert  |  description : Newly updated, this timely history of the struggle to discover and control water in the American West is a tale of rivers diverted and damned, political corruption and intrigue, billion-dollar battles over water rights, and economic and ecological disaster. Winner of the National Book Critics Circle Award. Photos. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 240930 ISBN : 0575072997  | name : On  |  description : Tighe lives on the wall. It towers above his village and falls away below it. It is vast and unforgiving and it is everything he knows. Life is hard on the wall, little more than a clinging on for dear life. And then one day Tighe falls off the wall. And falls, and falls, and falls . . .Lavishly praised everywhere from Asimov's magazine to Interzone, ON is proof positive that Adam Roberts is a new author whose potential for greatness is rapidly being realised.ON is at once a vertiginous concept novel, a coming of age saga, a picaresque journey across a changed world and an epic adventure in the very best traditions of SF.
 id : 240931 ISBN : 0765344556  | name : The Miocene Arrow  |  description : Science fiction-roman.
 id : 240932 ISBN : 0140056572  | name : A Woman of the Future  |  description : A Woman of the Future, first published in 1979, was David Ireland's best-selling sixth novel and his third to win the Miles Franklin Award. An imaginative tour de force, it is the story of the young life of Anthea Hunt - from conception to sexual awakening. It is controversial and brilliant, and unlike anything else in Australian literature.
 id : 240933 ISBN : 0345388984  | name : Starquake/Dragons Egg  |  description : Only the cheela can survive on Dragon's Egg, a neutron star with surface gravity sixty-seven billion times that of earth's--but when a monstrous starquake strikes, human astronauts must abandon them or die saving the cheela from extinction. Reissue.
 id : 240935 ISBN : 0812516443  | name : Timemaster  |  description : Billionaire industrialist Randy Hunter communicates with aliens, achieves interstellar flight, and explores the universe in a novel that explores the technological possibilities of the future. Reprint.
 id : 240936 ISBN : 0140430555  | name : North and South  |  description : A revolutionary social and political commentary, North and South solidified Gaskell's place in the company of Victorian England's finest novelists.
 id : 240938 ISBN : 044101030X  | name : Picoverse  |  description : Science fiction roman.
 id : 240939 ISBN : 0140134077  | name : Bedrock  |  description : En kvindelig fotograf, der er træt af sin New York-tilværelse= , bosætter sig i en lille landsby i Vermont, men dette sætter forholdet til en nær veninde på en hård prøve
 id : 240941 ISBN : 0812533275  | name : The Infinity Link  |  description : Kadin, an artificial personality, is sent on board a spacecraft as an ambassador to determine if a visiting race of aliens is friendly or hostile. Reissue.
 id : 240942 ISBN : 0451451309  | name : Raft  |  description : The descendants of a crew of spaceship explorers, who wandered into a universe with a force of gravity one billion times stronger than today's, are still struggling for survival
 id : 240943 ISBN : 1895836743  | name : Ten Monkeys, Ten Minutes  |  description : In this collection of short stories from best-selling author Peter Watts, enter strange new worlds that defy the imagination. Journey to the depths of the ocean floor with genetically engineered human beings ... push the boundaries of life with a scientist obsessed with death ... and watch as sentient gaseous entities offer destruction and salvation to the human race. Nine stories make up this stunning new collection from a rising talent in the field of Science Fiction.
 id : 240944 ISBN : 0425054780  | name : Wizard  |  description : In the second novel of the Gaean trilogy, human explorers have entered the sprawling mind of Gaea. Now they must fight her will. For she is much too powerful . . . and definitely insane.
 id : 240945 ISBN : 0425057178  | name : Titan  |  description : Twenty years ago, the Gaean Trilogy dazzled critics and readers. Now a new generation will discover that brilliant world--beginning with Titan.
 id : 240947 ISBN : 0812552350  | name : The Memory of Whiteness  |  description : In 3229 A.D., human civilization is scattered among the planets, moons, and asteroids of the solar system. Billions of lives depend on the technology derived from the breakthroughs of the greatest physicist of the age, Arthur Holywelkin. But in the last years of his life, Holywelkin devoted himself to building a strange, beautiful, and complex musical instrument that he called The Orchestra. Johannes Wright has earned the honor of becoming the Ninth Master of Holywelkin's Orchestra. Follow him on his Grand Tour of the Solar System, as he journeys down the gravity well toward the sun, impelled by a destiny he can scarcely understand, and is pursued by mysterious foes who will tell him anything except the reason for their enmity. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 240948 ISBN : 0061001384  | name : The Eye of the Heron  |  description : The story of two communities of outcasts from earth living on another planet.
 id : 240951 ISBN : 0812503015  | name : There Are Doors  |  description : There Are Doors is another masterful novel from a truly great science fiction writer. It is the story of a man who falls in love with a goddess from another universe, and his relentless pursuit of her when she returns to her own world.
 id : 240952 ISBN : 0812519167  | name : The E.S.P. Worm  |  description : Harold Prodkins, the ineffectual Minister of Inner-Galactic World Affairs, must try to convince Qumax, a young worm-like alien, to return home before his father decides to destroy the world
 id : 240953 ISBN : 0345391454  | name : Robotech: the Macross Saga: Doomsday  |  description : Robotech -- the saga continues! In three separate novels -- "Battlehymn," "Force of Arms" and "Doomsday" -- collected in one volume for the first time, readers can follow the struggles and triumphs of the Robotech Defense Force, led by the brilliant but unorthodox Captain Gloval, as they fight against the alien Zentraedi, then fight alongside their former enemies for mutual assured survival!
 id : 240955 ISBN : 0671812734  | name : Shadrach in the Furnace  |  description : Continuing the series of authoritative new editions of the novels of Hugo and Nebula Award-winning author Robert Silverberg! The stunning novel of a man surrounded by machines that flash instantaneous pictures of everything happening...a man surfeited with drugs that allow him to be eyewitness to the living past and pleasured by sensual women who vie for his favors...a man named Shadrach who find slittle rest in his miracle-infested world. A supershocker about what happens when telemetric sensors no longer suffice, when the great Khan, ruler of the Earth, needs more...when he needs to survive through the body of a virile, healthy, very special man -- through Shadrach Mordecai.
 id : 240956 ISBN : 0451164199  | name : Of Such Small Differences  |  description : The story of a blind and deaf man beginning to make his mark as a poet and the young actress who works with him, and of their accidental involvement.
 id : 240959 ISBN : 0553256327  | name : The Broken Vase  |  description : The murder of a violin virtuoso at Carnegie Hall during a performance provides private investigator Tecumseh Fox with a genuinely baffling case
 id : 240961 ISBN : 0486283186  | name : An Introduction to the Philosophy of Science  |  description : Stimulating, thought-provoking text by one of the 20th century's most creative philosophers makes accessible such topics as probability, measurement and quantitative language, causality and determinism, theoretical laws and concepts, more.
 id : 240963 ISBN : 019286212X  | name : The Meme Machine  |  description : Humans are extraordinary creatures, with the unique ability among animals to imitate and so copy from one another ideas, habits, skills, behaviours, inventions, songs, and stories. These are all memes, a term first coined by Richard Dawkins in 1976 in his book The Selfish Gene. Memes, like genes, are replicators, and this enthralling book is an investigation of whether this link between genes and memes can lead to important discoveries about the nature of the inner self.Confronting the deepest questions about our inner selves, with all our emotions, memories, beliefs, and decisions, Susan Blackmore makes a compelling case for the theory that the inner self is merely an illusion created by the memes for the sake of replication.
 id : 240964 ISBN : 0441015190  | name : Invaders!  |  description : A collection of fantasy tales features the writing of James P. Blaylock, Avram Davidson, Tanith Lee, Lucius Shepard, Isaac Asimov, Lilian Jackson Braun, Ursula K. Le Guin, and others. Original.
 id : 240966 ISBN : 0192880519  | name : The Extended Phenotype  |  description : In this influential and controversial book that has become a classic in popular science writing, Dawkins furthers his fascinating look at the evolution of life and natural selection.
 id : 240967 ISBN : 0517561778  | name : The Shopping Bag  |  description : Shows how graphics have transformed today's shopping bag into a work of art, with examples ranging from the trademark turquoise bags of Tiffany to bags designed by Toulouse-Lautrec and Paloma Picasso
 id : 240968 ISBN : 0452275520  | name : Darwin  |  description : Continuing their successful series of biographies of famous scientists, the authors present a lucid and accessible account of Darwin's life and work. This work is an enlightening synthesis of biography and science that reveals the personality and scientific contributions of a great and controversial modern figure.
 id : 240969 ISBN : 0306803720  | name : A Joseph Cornell Album  |  description : A lavishly illustrated homage to one of the twentieth century's most enigmatic artists
 id : 240970 ISBN : 1570627266  | name : Gateless Barrier  |  description : Includes the entire "Mumonkan," the collection of spiritual riddles used to train monks and encourage lay Buddhists in their religious development, as well as insightful commentary into the text.
 id : 240971 ISBN : 0415130603  | name : Philosophy of Mind  |  description : This comprehensive textbook, written by a leading author in the field, provides a survey of mainstream conceptions of the nature of mind accessible to readers with little or no background in philosophy. Included are the dualist, behaviourist, and functionalist accounts of the nature of mind, along with a critical assessment of recent trends in the subject. The problem of consciousness, widely thought to be the chief roadblock to our understanding of the mind, is addressed throughout the book and there is also material to interest those with a professional interest in the topic - philosophers, psychologists and neuroscientists - as well as the general reader. Unique features of Philosophy of Mind: * provides a comprehensive survey of basic concepts and major theories * contains many lucid examples to support ideas * cites key literature in annotated suggested reading and a full bibliography * contains a full index including the location of key terms and concepts.
 id : 240972 ISBN : 0198539789  | name : Shadows of the Mind  |  description : But perhaps more important, in this volume he points the way to a new science, one that may eventually explain the physical basis of the human mind.
 id : 240974 ISBN : 031227453x  | name : Close-up on Sunset Boulevard  |  description : Relates the story of how Sunset Boulevard became a screen classic, revealing the secrets and scandals involving the big names associated with the movie and documenting the impact of this film on society.
 id : 240975 ISBN : 0688136915  | name : Biomimicry  |  description : Biomimicry is a revolutionary new science that analyzes nature's best ideas--spider silk and eyes, seashells and brain cells, photosynthesis and DNA--and adapts them for human use. Janine Benyus takes us into the lab and out in the field with the maverick researchers who are discovering natures ingenious solutions to the problem of human survival: studying leaves to learn how to make microscopic solar power packs that will clean up toxic spills and light our homes; harnessing DNA's coding power to make blindingly fast computers; discovering miracle drugs by observing what animals eat; and much more. The answers are there for the finding, poemlike in their elegance and economy. Anyone interested in the people and ideas that are shaping our future must read this book to know where the most exciting revelations lie -- -literally all around us.
 id : 240976 ISBN : 0316281336  | name : The World Treasury of Physics, Astronomy, and Mathematics  |  description : The writings of more than 60 authors including Isaac Asimov, Albert Einstein, Stephen Hawking, Pierre Curie, Primo Levi and James Gleick, are represented in this volume. Each expresses a perspective on the Sciences.
 id : 240977 ISBN : 0395957915  | name : The Seven Mysteries of Life  |  description : "All life in all worlds" -this was the object of the author's seventeen-year quest for knowledge and discovery, culminating in this book. In a manner unmistakably his own, Murchie delves into the interconnectedness of all life on the planet and of such fields as biology, geology, sociology, mathematics, and physics. He offers us what the poet May Sarton has called "a good book to take to a desert island as sole companion, so rich is it in knowledge and insight."
 id : 240980 ISBN : 0201547775  | name : A Quarter Century of UNIX  |  description : Based on interviews with the key software engineers who invented and built the powerful UNIX operating system, this book provides unique insight into the operating system that dominates the modern computing environment. Originating from a small project in a backroom at AT &T Bell Labs, UNIX has grown to be a dominant operating system in the commercial computing world -the operating system responsible for the development of the C programming language and the modern networked environment. Peter Salus is a longtime and well-recognized promoter and spokesman for UNIX and the UNIX community.
 id : 240981 ISBN : 0393900282  | name : The Changeling  |  description : Beatrice, unable to marry the man she loves, employs the hated De Flores to murder the man her father bids her marry. De Flores demands Beatrice as a reward. Things get worse...
 id : 240982 ISBN : 1853264105  | name : The Works of John Milton  |  description : poetry & poets.
 id : 240984 ISBN : 1853264423  | name : The Works of Edmund Spenser  |  description : This is a reproduction of the original artefact. Generally these books are created from careful scans of the original. This allows us to preserve the book accurately and present it in the way the author intended. Since the original versions are generally quite old, there may occasionally be certain imperfections within these reproductions. We're happy to make these classics available again for future generations to enjoy!
 id : 240985 ISBN : 185326461X  | name : The Nicomachean Ethics  |  description : This work contains Artistotle's views on what makes a good human life. It has served as an influence on the history of ideas and offers insights into the human condition.
 id : 240986 ISBN : 0553382047  | name : Last of the Amazons  |  description : The author of the international bestsellers Gates of Fire and Tides of War delivers his most gripping and imaginative novel of the ancient world–a stunning epic of love and war that breathes life into the grand myth of the ferocious female warrior culture of the Amazons. Steven Pressfield has gained a passionate worldwide following for his magnificent novels of ancient Greece, Gates of Fire and Tides of War. In Last of the Amazons, Pressfield has surpassed himself, re-creating a vanished world in a brilliant novel that will delight his loyal readers and bring legions more to his singular and powerful restoration of the past. In the time before Homer, the legendary Theseus, King of Athens (an actual historical figure), set sail on a journey that brought him into the land of tal Kyrte, the “free people,” a nation of proud female warriors whom the Greeks called “Amazons.” The Amazons, bound to each other as lovers as well as fighters, distrusted the Greeks, with their boastful talk of “civilization.” So when the great war queen Antiope fell in love with Theseus and fled with the Greeks, the mighty Amazon nation rose up in rage. Last of the Amazons is not merely a masterful tale of war and revenge. Pressfield has created a cast of extraordinarily vivid characters, from the unforgettable Selene, whose surrender to the Greeks does nothing to tame her; to her lover, Damon, an Athenian warrior who grows to cherish the wild Amazon ways; to the narrator, Bones, a young girl from a noble family who was nursed by Selene from birth and secretly taught the Amazon way; to the great Theseus, the tragic king; and to Antiope, the noble queen who betrayed tal Kyrte for the love of Theseus. With astounding immediacy and extraordinary attention to military detail, Pressfield transports readers into the heat and terror of war. Equally impressive is his creation of the Amazon nation, its people, its rituals and myths, its greatness and savagery. Last of the Amazons is thrilling on every page, an epic tale of the clash between wildness and civilization, patriotism and love, man and woman.
 id : 240987 ISBN : 0140046615  | name : Memoirs  |  description : MEMOIRS is as full of Neruda's passionate, volatile and profoundly generous personality as lovers of his poetry would expect. Lorca, Vallejo, Picasso, Gandhi, Mao Tse-tung, Castro and Allende all appear here too, making Neruda's a life story of truly universal reach and significance, as well as the richest account we have of Latin American history, politics, art and literature.
 id : 240989 ISBN : 014200135X  | name : The Dream Machine  |  description : Writing with the same novelistic flair that made "Complexity" "the most exciting intellectual adventure story of the year" ("The Washington Post"), Waldrop presents the first full-scale portrait of the man whose dream of a "human-computer symbiosis" changed the course of science and culture. Photos.
 id : 240990 ISBN : 2020573679  | name : Embrassez qui vous voudrez (Vacances anglaises)  |  description : Elizabeth se fait offrir par son mari Howard des vacances dans un hôtel chic de la côté anglaise. Dotty, sa voisine londonienne, entend en faire de même, mais Brian, son époux, ne peut que lui louer une caravane en guise de palace. Autour d'eux, gravitent leurs enfants, une mère célibataire et son bébé hurleur, un mari fou de jalousie et sa ravissante épouse, un dragueur professionnel... Ce petit monde va s'entrecroiser, non sans réveiller les libidos de chacun et provoquer mésaventures et rebondissements en série. Michel Blanc a transposé en France ce périple loufoque aux confins ultimes de la concupiscence, du snobisme et de l'adultère et l'a adapté au cinéma sous le titre " Embrassez qui vous voudrez ".
 id : 240991 ISBN : 0312873638  | name : In Green's Jungles  |  description : Horn leaves his home on the planet Blue to search for the great hero Patera Silk, but now Horn's own identity has become ambiguous as he begins to recall a number of prior lives and events that seem to have no link to his own.
 id : 240992 ISBN : 0312863942  | name : The Urth of the New Sun  |  description : Science fiction-roman.
 id : 240994 ISBN : 0399146512  | name : Three Complete Novels  |  description : Three novels feature Minnesota deputy police chief Lucas Davenport as he investigates a kidnapping, acts of revenge by associates of a dead bank robber, and the death of a company chairman whose executives have motive to kill.
 id : 240995 ISBN : 1551521113  | name : Calgary  |  description : Deep inside Calgary's glass office towers beats a Wild West heart. It's a city of contradictions, a shiny corporate giant with a six-gun justice past. Calgary: The Unknown City ferrets out Cowtown's deepest secrets, exposing fun and offbeat factoids, anecdotes, and statistics about the city you only thought you knew.
 id : 240996 ISBN : 207037811X  | name : De si braves garçons  |  description : Aux environs de Paris, le collège de Valvert, surnommé le Château en raison de son parc, de ses pavillons et de ses bois, a pour pensionnaires de " braves garçons " plus ou moins abandonnés par leurs familles -des gens riches ou ruinés, instables, cosmopolites, suspects. Ils y poursuivent leurs études en nouant des amitiés, soit entre eux, soit avec leurs professeurs tout aussi pittoresques. Puis la vie les disperse. Vingt ans passent. Grâce à sa mémoire en pointe sèche et à sa curiosité, le narrateur -qui est peut-être Modiano lui-même- recompose l'atmosphère ancienne tout en menant une sorte d'enquête sur ce que le temps a pu faire de ses anciens camarades. Ces souvenirs rejoignent sans cesse le présent, au fil d'une réalité faite de rêve et de nostalgie.
 id : 240997 ISBN : 014029516X  | name : The Ethical Canary  |  description : Addresses concepts such as altering of DNA, reproductive technologies and euthanasia.
 id : 240999 ISBN : 0465039138  | name : Code  |  description : There's a common belief that cyberspace cannot be regulated—that it is, in its very essence, immune from the government's (or anyone else's) control. Code argues that this belief is wrong. It is not in the nature of cyberspace to be unregulable; cyberspace has no “nature.” It only has code—the software and hardware that make cyberspace what it is. That code can create a place of freedom—as the original architecture of the Net did—or a place of exquisitely oppressive control.If we miss this point, then we will miss how cyberspace is changing. Under the influence of commerce, cyberpsace is becoming a highly regulable space, where our behavior is much more tightly controlled than in real space.But that's not inevitable either. We can—we must—choose what kind of cyberspace we want and what freedoms we will guarantee. These choices are all about architecture: about what kind of code will govern cyberspace, and who will control it. In this realm, code is the most significant form of law, and it is up to lawyers, policymakers, and especially citizens to decide what values that code embodies.
 id : 241001 ISBN : 0262560925  | name : Computers and Thought  |  description : Computers and Thought showcases the work of the scientists who not only defined the field of Artificial Intelligence, but who are responsible for having developed it into what it is today. Originally published in 1963, this collection includes twenty classic papers by such pioneers as A. M. Turing and Marvin Minsky who were behind the pivotal advances in artificially simulating human thought processes with computers. Among the now hard-to-find articles are reports of computer programs that play chess and checkers, prove theorems in logic and geometry, solve problems in calculus, balance assembly lines, recognize visual temporal patterns, and communicate in natural language. The reports of simulation of cognitive processes include computer models of human behavior in logic problems, deciding on common stock portfolios, and carrying out social interaction. Models of verbal learning behavior, predictive behavior in two-choice experiments, and concept formation are also included. Articles by : Paul Armer. Carol Chomsky. Geoffrey P. E. Clarkson. Edward A. Feigenbaum. Julian Feldman. H. Gelernter. Bert F. Green, Jr. John T. Gullahorn. Jeanne E. Gullahorn. J. R. Hansen. Carl I. Hovland. Earl B. Hunt. Kenneth Laughery. Robert K. Lindsay. D. W. Loveland. Marvin Minsky. Ulric Neisser. Allen Newell. A. L. Samuel. Oliver G. Selfridge. J. C. Shaw. Herbert A. Simon. James R. Slagle. Fred M. Tonge. A. M. Turing. Leonard Uhr. Charles Vossler. Alice K. Wolf.
 id : 241002 ISBN : 207038425X  | name : Les terres du bout du monde  |  description : Un navire emporte vers les terres à demi barbares d'Ilhéus, au sud de Bahia, le capitaine Joao Magalhaes, Margot, Juca Badaro, Antonio Vitor et bien d'autres encore. Une chanson les accompagne, triste comme un présage de malheur, qui dit qu'ils ne reviendront jamais parce que, là-bas, la mort les attend derrière chaque arbre. Hommes, femmes et enfants, ils convergent de toutes les régions du Brésil, ils ont peu de traits communs sauf celui d'avoir tout laissé dans l'espoir de faire fortune avec les cacaoyers, en gagnant sur les impénétrables forêts de cette immense contrée bordée par l'Océan. Tout l'ouvrage de Jorge Amado est le récit - magnifique - des sanglantes rivalités qui opposent entre eux, dans leur lutte pour la conquête de terrains vierges à défricher, les fazendeiros, ces planteurs de cacao des terres du bout du monde.
 id : 241003 ISBN : 0373642512  | name : Kill Radius  |  description : As part of the Border Fire trilogy, this novel finds Mack Bolan on special assignment as bodyguard to the Mexican president. But Juan de Fierro Blanco might actually be the ruthless mastermind behind the narcotics trade, political assassinations, and revolutionary activity that is pushing American border cities into crisis.
 id : 241004 ISBN : 0471393401  | name : The Universal History of Numbers  |  description : "Georges Ifrah is the man. This book, quite simply, rules. . . . It is outstanding . . . a mind-boggling and enriching experience." –The Guardian (London) "Monumental. . . . a fascinating journey taking us through many different cultures."–The Times (London)"Ifrah’s book amazes and fascinates by the scope of its scholarship. It is nothing less than the history of the human race told through figures." –International Herald Tribune Now in paperback, here is Georges Ifrah’s landmark international bestseller–the first complete, universal study of the invention and evolution of numbers the world over. A riveting history of counting and calculating, from the time of the cave dwellers to the twentieth century, this fascinating volume brings numbers to thrilling life, explaining their development in human terms, the intriguing situations that made them necessary, and the brilliant achievements in human thought that they made possible. It takes us through the numbers story from Europe to China, via ancient Greece and Rome, Mesopotamia, Latin America, India, and the Arabic countries. Exploring the many ways civilizations developed and changed their mathematical systems, Ifrah imparts a unique insight into the nature of human thought–and into how our understanding of numbers and the ways they shape our lives have changed and grown over thousands of years. "Dazzling."–Kirkus Reviews "Sure to transfix readers."–PublishersWeekly
 id : 241006 ISBN : 0061058092  | name : Child of Venus  |  description : The concluding novel of Sargent's Venus series. Mahala Liangharad was conceived from the genetic materials of the cult leaders who brought chaos to the planet Venus in transition. To some, she should never have been born; others see her as the future. Now catastrophe looms and it is she who must ensure there is a future for her flawed star-traveling kind. (August)
 id : 241007 ISBN : 0486251012  | name : The Compleat Strategyst  |  description : This entertaining text is essential for anyone interested in game theory. Only a basic understanding of arithmetic is needed to grasp the necessary aspects of strategy games for two, three, four, and more players that feature two or more sets of inimical interests and a limitless array of zero-sum payoffs.
 id : 241008 ISBN : 0486296725  | name : Game Theory  |  description : This fascinating, newly revised edition offers an overview of game theory, plus lucid coverage of two-person zero-sum game with equilibrium points; general, two-person zero-sum game; utility theory; and other topics.
 id : 241009 ISBN : 1573456632  | name : Stone Tables  |  description : From the political intrigue of Pharaoh's court to the manifestations of the Lord on Mount Sinai, from the plagues of Egypt to the parting of the Red Sea, the story of Moses is one of the most interesting and colorful in the Old Testament. Now that story is brought vividly to life in a fictional setting. Stone Tables explores how God could take ordinary men like Moses and Aaron, with all their weaknesses, and transform them into prophet and priest. Nationally renowned author Orson Scott Card brings new insights to an age-old story. His creative fictionalization of the events of scripture and history lends a fresh and fascinating perspective. But this is more than just an entertaining tale. 'My effort is to make sure that those who read this story emerge with an understanding of how good people struggle with each other and with their understanding of God's will as they try to make some decent use of their years of life,' writes Card. It's a message as timely today as it was when Moses led Israel to freedom more than two millennia ago. --Amazon.com.
 id : 241010 ISBN : 0195121236  | name : Patterns of Software  |  description : In a book that will intrigue anyone who is curious about Silicon Valley, computer programming, or the world of high technology, respected software pioneer and computer scientist Richard Gabriel offers an informative insider's look at the world of software design and computer programming and the business that surrounds them. 10 illustrations.
 id : 241011 ISBN : 0880292512  | name : Understanding Physics  |  description : Motion, Sound, and Heat.
 id : 241012 ISBN : 067152299X  | name : Gene Roddenberry  |  description : Described as a mindwalk with Gene Roddenberry, the creator of one of the best-loved series on television, this book is the only biography of Roddenberry written with his complete approval and cooperation. Compiled with an insight gained when the author lived in the Roddenberry home, Star Trek: The Last Conversation intimately captures Gene's philosophy of the future and of humanity.
 id : 241013 ISBN : 0880642068  | name : Through Emotions to Maturity  |  description : "Throughout her work, Verena Kast has stressed the importance of emotions. If we don't take them seriously and try to avoid them, we become psychological cripples, unable to unfold our true selves and realize our potential." "In Through Emotions to Maturity Dr. Kast looks at eight classic fairy tales that deal with different aspects of emotions which are difficult to endure - anxiety, fear, and angst. In trying to overcome them, we may enter into a symbiotic relationship which gives us the illusion of being protected: by fusing with a group of people, an institution, or another person, etc., we feel safe and sound, while at the same time we suffocate psychologically, losing our freedoms and the ability to grow." "The fairy tales discussed in this volume illustrate the danger of psychological symbiosis as an attempt to escape fear. Yet they also offer alternatives. Originally told for adults, fairy tales stem from dreams and contain the wisdom of our unconscious. If we decipher their images and symbols, they release a knowledge that can be of extreme importance to us. Under Kast's authoritative guidance, fairy tales thus offer us a way out of the cycle of fear and symbiosis."--BOOK JACKET.Title Summary field provided by Blackwell North America, Inc. All Rights Reserved
 id : 241014 ISBN : 0297812165  | name : Not Guilty  |  description : In this immensely readable and wide ranging book,Bernard Lewis charts the successive transformations of the Middle East,beginning with the two great empires,the Roman and the Persian,and covering the growth of Christianity,the rise and spread of Islam,the waves of invaders from the east,the Mongol hordes of Jengiz Khan,the rise of the Ottoman Turks,and the changing balance of power between the Muslim and Christian worlds.THE MIDDLE EAST is a brilliant survey of the history and civilisations of the region.
 id : 241016 ISBN : 0887305431  | name : Sur/petition  |  description : A look at the vast potential of the "integral values" that surround the purchase and use of products and services suggests that business leaders create "monopolies of values" by blending into their offerings an array of attendant conveniences. $40,000 ad/promo.
 id : 241019 ISBN : 0399214887  | name : The Tale of Sir Gawain  |  description : The knight Gawain recounts the adventures of King Arthur and his fellow members of the Round Table, his own battle with the Green Knight, his marriage, and the final days before the fall of Camelot.
 id : 241021 ISBN : 0061052000  | name : A Fisherman of the Inland Sea  |  description : A new collection of short fiction reflects the author's artistry, diversity, and understanding of the human heart and includes such wonders as starships that sail on wings of song and faster-than-light communication.
 id : 241023 ISBN : 0061052159  | name : Fantasy Hall of Fame  |  description : The authorative companion and follow-up to the acclaimed Science Fiction Hall of Fame acknowledges the importance of fantasy to modern literature, and enshrine the 30 favorite short stories of all time. Chosen by popular ballot among the 1000 professionals who make their livings creating America's bestselling dreams, these are the undisputed classics: The unforgettable stories that influenced and shaped the imagination at work in the field today. Here are the stories that shaped the shapers. Here are the stories that will live forever.
 id : 241025 ISBN : 0517118491  | name : The Rime of the Ancient Mariner  |  description : An edition of the author's haunting and musical poetic tale of transgression and redemption is accompanied by elaborate full-color and black-and-white illustrations throughout.
 id : 241026 ISBN : 0517072327  | name : The Rubáiyiát of Omar Khayyám  |  description : The noteworthy nineteenth century English translation of the eleventh-century Persian poet's quatrains that express his philosophy of love and life is illustrated with turn-of-the century artwork
 id : 241029 ISBN : 0465001041  | name : AI  |  description : A fascinating portrait of the people, programs, and ideas that have driven the search to create thinking machines. Rich with anecdotes about the founders and leaders and their celebrated feuds and intellectual gamesmanship, AI chronicles their dramatic successes and failures and discusses the next nece ssary breakthrough: teaching computers "common sense".
 id : 241030 ISBN : 0771058586  | name : The Arthurian Book of Days  |  description : This book is the first modern book on the Arthurian cycle that directly links the stories with their original, richly decorated medieval illustrations.-from jacket.
 id : 241031 ISBN : 0761123008  | name : Curly Girl  |  description : Provides tips for curly hair including shampooing, conditioners, drying, combing, styling, getting the right cut, and how to heal hair after years of strong detergents and damaging blow dryers.
 id : 241032 ISBN : 0890439451  | name : Consumer Reports Best Travel Deals 2001  |  description : A must-have guide for every traveler's reference shelf, Best Travel Deals 2001 will help even the most savvy travelers arrange the trip of their dreams, knowing they got the best bargain possible. Includes ratings of travel Web sites.
 id : 241033 ISBN : 0553212389  | name : The Complete Fairy Tales of the Brothers Grimm  |  description : Enchanting, brimming with the wonder and magic of once upon a time, the fairly tales of the Brothers Grimm are the special stories of childhood that stay with us throughout our lives. But most Americans know them only secondhand, in adaptations that greatly reduce the tales' power to touch our emotions and intrigue our imaginations. Now, in the most comprehensive translation to date, here are the classic fairy tales as the Brothers Grimm intended them to be-rich, stark, spiced with humor and violence, resonant with the rhythms of folklore and song. Volume I contains 100 unabridged tales, including those best-known around the world: "Cinderella, Snow White, Rapunzel, Hansel And Gretel, and "Little Red Cap [also known as "Little Red Riding Hood ]. These wonderful tales of life, passion, and make-believe appeal not only to children-who unabashedly love them-but to readers of any age.
 id : 241034 ISBN : 0345306368  | name : Master of Middle-Earth  |  description : Analyzes Tolkien's fiction, focusing on his creativity, themes, and images of a fantasy world
 id : 241038 ISBN : 0553566520  | name : Good-bye to Love  |  description : The Wakefield twins experience their first year of college. Jessica Wakefield's disastrous marriage has dissolved, leaving her free at last. Can she put her heart back together and be a college student again? Elizabeth Wakefield is madly in love with Tom Watts. Can she keep up her relationship without losing her head?
 id : 241039 ISBN : 0312872917  | name : Litany of the Long Sun  |  description : In the first two books of the series "The Book of the Long Sun," young priest Patera Silk tries to satisfy the gods living within the Whorl, a starship world sent from Urth to colonize a distant planet, while trying to save his own parish.
 id : 241040 ISBN : 0312860722  | name : Epiphany of the Long Sun  |  description : After becoming the first Calde in more than a century, Silk gets a glimpse into the nature of the Whorl and of his own purpose.
 id : 241042 ISBN : 068481188X  | name : New Living Heart Diet  |  description : From good old American favorites to vegetarian and delicious ethnic dishes, this cookbook includes more than 300 tasty recipes for healthful eating--presented by the team that focused America's attention on a heart-healthy diet. Includes charts throughout. National ads/media.
 id : 241043 ISBN : 0671750437  | name : Grammar for Smart People  |  description : A guide to grammar and usage in the English language teaches readers to distinguish between frequently used words and phrases, solve pronoun problems, and learn the proper usage of verbs, punctuation, spelling, and more.
 id : 241044 ISBN : 0807613444  | name : Voices of the Earth  |  description : A unique collection of readings conveying the enormous range of discussions and debates which, over the centuries, have questioned our place within and treatment of the natural world. The extracts chosen cover both Western and non-Western traditions of thought, and represent a diverse range of sources, including writers, theologians, scientists, poets and philosophers, from the early Hindu scriptures to Sartre. The extracts have been chosen for their accessibility for the modern reader, and the volume includes a comprehensive introduction outlining the issues involved, and commentaries which put the individual texts in context. The extracts in this book raise fundamental questions about our relationship with the world we live in, and will inform current concerns about the environmental crises we are facing. Fascinating reading, and an indispensable source of reference.
 id : 241045 ISBN : 0399139451  | name : Waking Up, Alive  |  description : "In this extraordinary book, psychologist Richard A. Heckler tells the whole story of the descent, the attempt, and the return to life. He gives new depth to our understanding of the descent - the withdrawal from relationships, the facade of normalcy, and the suicidal trance. For the first time, we comprehend the determination and clarity of that fatal choice. And then, because this is a book that tells us more, we read of the accidents that saved lives - the gun that failed to shoot, the car that ran out of gas, the dog whose cries alerted the family." "Finally, and gloriously, we read of the return to life. And the stories of how certain individuals have taken hold of life once again, slowly leaving the pain behind, changing their situations, finding new reservoirs of strength and determination."--BOOK JACKET.Title Summary field provided by Blackwell North America, Inc. All Rights Reserved
 id : 241046 ISBN : 0802115187  | name : The Language of Vision  |  description : An exploration of the relationship among art, myth, and contemporary culture discusses such subjects as myth as discovery, imagination as political power, homosexuality as metaphor, cultural piracy, the death of the sacred, and the reinvention of the past.
 id : 241047 ISBN : 0671744925  | name : Love, Sex, Death, and the Making of the Male  |  description : Looks at how boys are raised, explores the definition of masculinity, and exposes the many myths underlying the notion of manhood
 id : 241048 ISBN : 057505512X  | name : On Kissing  |  description : Catullus ("the Elvis of ancient Rome") to the Song of Songs, assembled here for lovers to share as they explore the many dimensions of kissing.
 id : 241049 ISBN : 0451135776  | name : The Colour of Magic  |  description : In the first of the Discworld series, the inept wizard Rincewind finds himself the reluctant escort of the Discworld's first tourist, Twoflower, and his magical Luggage.
 id : 241052 ISBN : 0596004478  | name : Google Hacks  |  description : Explains how to take advantage of Google's user interface, discussing how to filter results, use Google's special services, integrate Google applications into a Web site or Weblog, write information retrieval programs, and play games.
 id : 241054 ISBN : 0735712999  | name : Blogging  |  description : Explains how to update a Web page by blogging via a browser rather than using an FTP client or HTML editor, covering topics such as building blogs, adding team members, and syndicating with JavaScript.
 id : 241055 ISBN : 0786905328  | name : Planar Powers  |  description : Aereas is dead. His daughter is growing up to be a beautiful woman, learning from her unle the business of espionage. Nina is close to dying. Her son is training in music at the shop of Boffo the Gnome. The Blood War itself still rages. Even the heavens shake with its fury, and they may well topple, unless these children of heroes truly bear their parents' blood.
 id : 241056 ISBN : 1587154137  | name : Toast  |  description : Short story collection containing such gems as "Antibodies," "Bear Trap," "Extracts from the Club Diary," "A Colder War," "TOAST: A con report," "A Boy and His God," "Ship of Fools," "Dechlorinating the Moderator," "Yellow Snow," and "Big Brother Iron.""I hadn't been paying close attention to Stross's work. It's a mistake I won't make again." -- Michael Swanwick
 id : 241057 ISBN : 0802140165  | name : Doctor Sleep  |  description : A Scotland Yard searches for a ritualistic serial killer, an insomniac American hypnotherapist is enlisted to use his newly-found telekinetic powers to communicate with a young mute girl. Now a major motion picture titled "Hypnosis, " with Goran Visnjic of "ER, " set for a spring 2003 release.
 id : 241058 ISBN : 0553061771  | name : The Shortest Distance Between You and a Published Book  |  description : In this innovative, comprehensive manual for writers of both fiction and nonfiction, bestselling author Susan Page reveals her original system for turning the dream of successful publication into reality. Lively anecdotes and examples pepper the book, along with psychological strategies for remaining sane throughout the process of getting published.
 id : 241060 ISBN : 1569248184  | name : Writing and Selling Magazine Articles  |  description : With over 11,000 publicatons, magazines are the most flourishing market for both the aspiring and professional writer. But it is a constantly changing market that requires know-how and skill to succeed in. This book eliminates the guesswork and teaches the science of getting an article published. From query letters to the final draft to anticipating potential pitfalls and problems, this manual provides solid insider information on what articles sell and how and who to sell them to.
 id : 241062 ISBN : 0452276578  | name : Learning to Write Fiction from the Masters  |  description : Jane Austen, Leo Tolstoy, Ernest Hemingway, Willa Cather, Jack London, Dorothy Parker, John O’Hara, Elmore Leonard, and a host of other greats past and present have much to show you about how to begin and end a story, structure a plot, create memorable characters, write dialogue, depict settings and action, heighten romance, choose winning titles, and meet all the other challenges of the art of fiction. Barnaby Conrad, a bestselling author as well as one of America’s premier creative writing teachers, has selected key examples from the best of the best to reveal the essential tools of storytelling and demonstrate their use. His book offers fresh inspiration and guidance for all writers of fiction. It is also a joy to read. “Barnaby’s book is a great idea. I am sure it will be exactly what all prospective writers need, but it is more than an idea and more than a book. Actually, it is a correspondence course.”—Charles M. Schulz “This book is a blessing. Barnaby Conrad’s brilliantly organized examples of how fiction is fashioned will be turned to again and again for inspiration and advice.”—Sol Stein “Barnaby Conrad’s Learning to Write Fiction from the Masters is as lively and informative as his Santa Barbara Writers Conference, and that’s saying a lot.”—Joseph Wambaugh
 id : 241064 ISBN : 0028621905  | name : How to Write Articles for Newspapers and Magazines  |  description : A professional journalist shows students how to write hard-hitting news stories and attention-getting feature articles for newspapers and magazines.
 id : 241065 ISBN : 0898797713  | name : How to Write a Book Proposal  |  description : Explains how to write a nonfiction book proposal to get an editor's or agent's attention. Includes a sample proposal.
 id : 241067 ISBN : 0671525557  | name : Knee-Deep in the Dead  |  description : This is the first chapter of the legendary space opera based on the bestselling computer game. From the Gateways between the two moons came strange, garbled messages for help--then nothing. So you secured the outer rim, while the command--your buddies--went inside. Those last radio glitches race through your mind--the gut-wrenching screams. Now you're alone.
 id : 241068 ISBN : 1880559862  | name : Photography for Writers  |  description : Reading this exceptionally clever, completely fresh approach to selling words through pictures could be the turning point in the career of many writers. Just as writer look for ways to publish more work, editors search for complete materials to publish. By creating packages that combine text and pertinent pictures, writers can find new markets for their work. Everything a writer needs to know to develop competency at photography is explained, including composing shots that are just what editors want. Publishing on the World Wide Web is also covered, as are the legalities involved in photo publication. Michael Havelinis a photojournalist, attorney, and the publisher and editor of Shooter's Rag: The Practical Gazette for Silver and Digital Photographers.
 id : 241071 ISBN : 0898797462  | name : Poet's Market '97  |  description : This directory helps poets match rhyme to reason when marketing their work. In it they will find 1,700 up-to-date listings--more than 300 new ones--of book and magazine publishers seeking poetry; contests and awards; grants awarded by the U.S. and Canadian arts councils; conferences, workshops, and writers' colonies; and pertinent organizations and publications. Illustrations.
 id : 241072 ISBN : 0898797128  | name : Poet's Market 96  |  description : This poet's directory contains 1,700 listings of U.S. and international publishers, Canadian and U.S. arts councils, contests and awards, conference and workshops, writing colonies, organizations, and publications.
 id : 241073 ISBN : 155615223X  | name : Out of the Inner Circle  |  description : Out of the Inner Circle is a compelling, first-person look at the secretive hacker subculture and an examination of computer security issues, written by the computer wizard apprehended by the FBI for illegally gaining access to high-level computer systems.
 id : 241075 ISBN : 1561384135  | name : Quest  |  description : The journey of Magnalucious, a 6th Century mystic, as he searches for the Dragontooth, the source of all evil. The purpose of his search is to neutralize Dragontooth's power with his magic unicorn crystal.
 id : 241076 ISBN : 0201884488  | name : HTML for the World Wide Web  |  description : Assuming no knowledge of HTML or the Internet, this book gives readers all the major HTML codes, plus many more, that they'll need to give style and pizzazz to their online oeuvres. With clear, concise instructions and lots of illustrations, this book reduces even such potentially daunting tasks as creating image maps and tables to a series of easy-to-follow steps.
 id : 241077 ISBN : 0671038893  | name : The Deceivers  |  description : Alfred Bester took readers where none had gone before in his seminal fifties novel, The Stars My Destination -- the story of a young man's desperate journey from adolescence to most-wanted-man of the 25th century. In The Deceivers, Bester reinvented the space opera for the late 20th century. The hero is Rogue Winter -- King of the Maori Commandos ... His lover is the beautiful Demi Jeroux, who has been kidnapped by ... The villainous, demonic Manchu Duke of Death. Rogue must search through the entire solar system to find the missing Demi Jeroux, from the Paradise of Carnal Pleasures to the bloody torture chambers of Triton. It is in the subterranean chambers beneath the surface of Triton that the key to the whole adventure lies. Buried here is the sole source of the newly discovered Meta-crystals, which hold the secret to unlimited energy for all mankind. Demi Jeroux is merely a pawn in the Duke of Death's gambit to seize control of the crystals and place the entire solar system at his mercy. Rogue's final confrontation with the Duke will determine not only the fate of his beloved, but the future of the system and its freedom from the evil Manchu Empire.
 id : 241078 ISBN : 1559723246  | name : Why Good People Do Bad Things  |  description : A leading psychotherapist offers a practical guide to living morally in an immoral world, presenting information on self-deception, suggesting ways to develop empathy, helping to identify and nurture personal values, and much more.
 id : 241079 ISBN : 1565041909  | name : New Worlds  |  description : Introdcution / David Garnett --The emperor's new reality / Pat Cadigan -- Ferryman / Eric Brown -- Great western / Kim Newman -- The white stuff / Peter F. Hamilton & Graham Joyce -- A night on the town / Noel K. Hannan -- Death, shit, love, transfiguration / Brian W. Aldiss -- The pact / Andrew Stephenson -- Heart of whitenesse / Howard Waldrop -- A day without dad / Ian Watson -- Attack of the Charlie Chaplins / Garry Kilworth -- For life / Christine Manby -- A night on Bare Mountain / Graham Charnock -- London bone / Michael Moorcock -- Thirteen views of a cardboard city / William Gibson.
 id : 241080 ISBN : 0312288794  | name : The Year's Best Science Fiction: Nineteenth Annual Collection  |  description : The twenty-first century has so far proven to be exciting and wondrous and filled with challenges we had never dreamed. New possibilities previously unimagined appear almost daily . . . and science fiction stories continue to explore those possibilities with delightful results: Collected in this anthology are such compelling stories as: "On K2 with Kanakaredes" by Dan Simmons. A relentlessly paced and absorbing tale set in the near future about three mountain climbers who must scale the face of K2 with some very odd company. "The Human Front" by Ken MacLeod. In this compassionate coming-of-age tale the details of life are just a bit off from things as we know them-and nothing is as it appears to be. "Glacial" by Alastair Reynolds. A fascinating discovery on a distant planet leads to mass death and a wrenching mystery as spellbinding as anything in recent short fiction. The twenty-six stories in this collection imaginatively takes us far across the universe, into the very core of our beings, to the realm of the gods, and the moment just after now. Included here are the works of masters of the form and of bright new talents, including: Eleanor Arnason Chris Beckett Michael Blumlein Michael Cassutt Brenda W. Clough Paul Di Filippo Andy Duncan Carolyn Ives Gilman Jim Grimsley Simon Ings James Patrick Kelly Leigh Kennedy Nancy Kress Ian R. MacLeod Ken MacLeod Paul J. McAuley Maureen F. McHugh Robert Reed Alastair Reynolds Geoff Ryman William Sanders Dan Simmons Allen M. Steele Charles Stross Michael Swanwick Howard Waldrop Supplementing the stories are the editor's insightful summation of the year's events and a lengthy list of honorable mentions, making this book a valuable resource in addition to serving as the single best place in the universe to find stories that stir the imagination and the heart.
 id : 241081 ISBN : 0312204450  | name : The Year's Best Science Fiction  |  description : Collects short stories exploring themes of time and space travel, self-discovery, and science and technology.
 id : 241082 ISBN : 0312190336  | name : The Year's Best Science Fiction: Fifteenth Annual Collection  |  description : Collects short stories exploring themes of time and space travel, self-discovery, and science and technology.
 id : 241083 ISBN : 0451458788  | name : Nebula Awards Showcase 2002  |  description : Selected by the members of the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America, this showcase of award-winning fiction presents the finest examples of contemporary science fiction, alongside insightful commentary about the current state of science fiction. With fiction by Eleanor Arnason, Terry Bisson, Gardner Dozois, Linda Negata and Walter Jon Williams, commentary by Andy Duncan, Kathleen Ann Goonan and Gene Wolf, plus much more. Invaluable' - Kirkus Reviews 'An essential index of one year in SF and fantasy' - Booklist'
 id : 241084 ISBN : 0553575228  | name : Full Spectrum 5  |  description : Here is the World Fantasy Award-winning anthology series at its biggest and best, bubbling over with 28 scintillating science fiction stories. The most important original anthology series in the field.--The Washington Post Book World.
 id : 241085 ISBN : 0061057290  | name : Living Real  |  description : James C. Bassett's debut novel is a dramatic adventure of virtual reality, mind alteration, and government conspiracy. A cybergenius's new invention has exposed a crack in Cyberspace, opening the door to an awesome void that alters everything that touches it.A novel of virtual reality and suspense set in a near-future United States.
 id : 241087 ISBN : 0892967420  | name : The Earthquake Bird  |  description : Lucy Fly, a young English girl living and working in Tokyo as a translator, finds herself the prime suspect in the murder of Lily Bridges, a young woman that she befriended who had fled from trouble in Yorkshire.
 id : 241088 ISBN : 0670853380  | name : The Balkans  |  description : "In a survey of Balkan history since the early nineteenth century, Misha Glenny provides the essential background to recent events in this war-torn area. No other book covers the entire region and offers such profound insights into the roots of Balkan violence or explains so vividly the origins of modern Serbia, Croatia, Bosnia, Greece, Bulgaria, Romania and Albania. Many readers will welcome the author's insights into the final century of Ottoman rule, a complex and colorful period essential for understanding today's conflicts." "Glenny's account of each national group in the Balkans and its struggle for statehood is lucid and fair-minded, and he brings the culture of different nationalisms to life. The narrative is permeated with sharply observed set pieces and portraits of kings, guerrillas, bandits, generals and politicians. He interweaves a narrative of key events with the story of international affairs - the relations between states in the Balkans and between them and the great powers."--BOOK JACKET.Title Summary field provided by Blackwell North America, Inc. All Rights Reserved
 id : 241089 ISBN : 0691086672  | name : Neighbors  |  description : Documents the brutal 1941 massacre of 1,600 Jewish men, women, and children by their own neighbors in the Polish town of Jedwabne, offering additional examinations of the period's Jewish-Polish relations, the Holocaust, and human responses to occupation and totalitarianism.
 id : 241090 ISBN : 0595124674  | name : The Acutal Adventures of Michael Missing  |  description : Michael Missing, the name of eleven different young men in various states of unrest, is the linked but unrelated protagonist of these wry and angry tales—a hit man, the cabin boy of 19th century French pirate Jean Lafitte, erstwhile baseball hero and the man who would be President of France, a frustrated salesman who loses an evening with Captain Kirk in the unrequited hope of laying the town slut of Scarsdale. Readers will shudder as, to their dismay, they recognize themselves, or at least part of themselves, in the naïve and angry young man who sincerely wishes things were different, and who regrets he has never overheard someone say, “Michael is a real good guy.” A criminally funny and perceptive literary debut.
 id : 241092 ISBN : 0140441786  | name : My Childhood  |  description : Maxim Gorky is the pseudonym of Alexei Maximovich Peshkov. This text is the first part of his autobiographical trilogy.
 id : 241094 ISBN : 0375700951  | name : The Pyramid  |  description : The time is 2600 B.C. The pharaoh Cheops hesitates to order the construction of a pyramid in his honor. But his court sages tell him that such a monument is essential--the pillar that holds power in place. Ismail Kadare's novel of ancient Egypt is a work that is at once historical fiction and a timeless exploration of the horror of untrammeled state power.
 id : 241095 ISBN : 0312254628  | name : Explorers  |  description : Presents twenty-three science fiction short stories from the 1950s to the present, which focus on the theme of exploration
 id : 241096 ISBN : 0385499671  | name : Familiar Strangers  |  description : Following on the heels of his success as a correspondent for Channel One, Gautama Chopra has crafted a fascinating, nonfiction account of what his experiences as a journalist taught him about the nature of spirituality.
 id : 241098 ISBN : 1560252464  | name : Cybershock  |  description : Written for the average computer user, this introduction to the theory and practice of "hacking" walks readers through the various kinds of computer violation, probes why it's done, reveals what corporations and the military have done about it, and lays out specific anti-hacking tools and advice. 20,000 first printing.
 id : 241099 ISBN : 0553104934  | name : Zeitgeist  |  description : Bruce Sterling is "perhaps the sharpest observer of our media-choked culture working today" (Time), offering haunting visions of a future shaped by a madness of our own making. His latest novel is a startling tragicomic spectacle that takes a breathtaking look at a world where the future is being chased down by the past.... Zeitgeist It's 1999 in Cyprus, an ancient island bejeweled with blue-helmeted UN peacekeepers and littered with rusting land mines, corroding barbed wire, and illegal sewage dumps. Here, in the Turkish half of the island, the ever-enterprising Leggy Starlitz has alighted, pausing on his mission to storm the Third World with the "G-7" girls, the cheapest, phoniest all-girl band ever to wear Wonderbras and spandex. And his market is staring him in the face: millions of teenagers trapped in a world of mullahs and mosques, all ready to blow their pocket change on G-7's massive merchandising campaign--and to wildly anticipate music the group will never release. Leggy's brilliant plan means doing business with some of the world's most dangerous people. His business partner is the rich and connected Mehmet Ozbey, a man with many identities and a Turkish girlfriend whose beauty and singing voice could blow G-7 right out of the water. His security chief is Pulat Romanevich Khoklov, who learned to fly MiG combat jets in Afghanistan and now pilots Milosevic's personal airplane. Among these thieves, schemers, and killers, Leggy must act quickly and decisively. Bombs are dropping in Yugoslavia. Y2K is just around the corner. And the only rule to live by is that the whole scheme stops before the year 2000. But Leggy gets a surprise when the daughter he's never met arrives on his doorstep. A major fan of G-7, she is looking for a father--and her search forces Leggy to examine his life before making a madcap journey in search of a father of his own. It's a detour that puts his G-7 Zeitgeist in some real jeopardy. For in Istanbul, Leggy's former partners are getting restless, and the G-7 girls are beginning to die....Zeitgeist is a world-beat tale of smugglers, paparazzi, greed, war, and a new era of cultural crusades. Here Bruce Sterling proves once again that in the fiction of imagination, he is one of the most insightful writers of our time.
 id : 241100 ISBN : 0140376232  | name : Vulpes, the Red Fox  |  description : He is cunning and courageous, and outwits hunters at every turns . . . Vulpes was the pride of his parents, the smartest pup of the litter—and he grew into a fast, quick-witted red fox whose abilities became legend among the forest’s hunters. Other foxes avoid the hunt. Not Vulpes. He relishes leading men and hounds on hopeless chases across the countryside, slipping away at the last moment. But one day, Vulpes meets his match, coming face to face with a hunter as wily as he is. But the hunter has a gun. “A distinguished animal story full of the feel of the wild and the vigor of a life in that wild.”—Library Journal
 id : 241101 ISBN : 0571199062  | name : The Woman who Spilled Words All Over Herself  |  description : She also learned lessons in life and further developed her techniques while teaching writing in juvenile detention centers, a school for unwed mothers, the Georgia state mental hospital, and the Wyoming and Georgia state prisons for women.
 id : 241102 ISBN : 0375503811  | name : Nine Horses  |  description : If in reading a poem, as Billy Collins believes, we enter the consciousness of another, it would follow that the higher the consciousness, the better the experience. And in the case of Collins, the experience can be a very exhilarating one indeed. His poems shuttle us back and forth between the realms of the clear and the mysterious, often carrying us from the everyday into imaginative territory we never knew existed.One of his new poems, "No Time, " is a fine example: In a rush this weekday morning, tap the horn as I speed past the cemeterywhere my parents are buriedside by side under a smooth slab of granite.Then, all day long, I think of him rising upto give me that lookof knowing disapprovalwhile my mother calmly tells him to lie back down.
 id : 241104 ISBN : 0201544229  | name : The Oberon System  |  description : This is the complete guide and reference to 'The Oberon System' designed by Wirth and Gutknecht at ETH, Zurich. Featuring a user guide, a description of the module library and a programming guide, this book also contains a wealth of practical real-world examples and illustrations.
 id : 241105 ISBN : 015100630X  | name : Night Picnic  |  description : The poems in Charles Simic's new collection evoke a variety of settings and images, from New York City to small New England towns; from crowds spilling onto the sidewalk on a hot summer night to an abandoned wooden church and a car graveyard overgrown with weeds. His subjects range from a bakery early in the morning to the fingerprints on a stranger's front door; from waiters in an empty restaurant to the decorations in a window of a funeral home; from a dog tied to a chain to a homeless man sleeping at the foot of a skyscraper; and other moments of solitude and clear vision. "What is beautiful," he writes in one poem, "is found accidentally and not sought after. What is beautiful is easily lost." Simic is the metaphysician of the ordinary, a poet who reminds us of the mysteries of our daily lives.
 id : 241107 ISBN : 1577292847  | name : Capture, Create and Share Digital Movies  |  description : Intermediate level guide.
 id : 241108 ISBN : 1577292715  | name : Use Your PC to Explore Digital Music  |  description : Using the right hardware, connecting a PC to a home stereo, and working with listening software such as Media Player and MusicMatch Jukebox are discussed in detail. Provided are an overview of software concepts, information on choosing a digital music player with the correct file formats, and tips for recording CDs.
 id : 241109 ISBN : 1577292723  | name : Create and Share Digital Photos  |  description : A guide for beginning users explains how to evaluate digital cameras, compose and capture scenes, adjust color balance, crop out unwanted elements, sharpen focus, apply special effects, and prepare images for printing.
 id : 241110 ISBN : 060960922X  | name : Love is the Killer App  |  description : NSPS. Nice smart people succeed. That's the promise that Tim Sanders made with the publication of Love Is the Killer App. Since then, the book (and Sanders' energetic and nonstop promotion) have made this simple, powerful message a mantra for our times.
 id : 241111 ISBN : 1568582412  | name : Little Doors  |  description : Seventeen new stories from the master of "trailer park science fiction" drags readers across a strange but also familiar American landscape. By the author of Lost Pages, Ribofunk, and The Steampunk Trilogy.
 id : 241112 ISBN : 0385499078  | name : Body of Secrets  |  description : An inside look at the secretive National Security Agency reveals its operations and dirtiest secrets from the Cold War.
 id : 241113 ISBN : 0679463224  | name : Tomorrow Now  |  description : “Nobody knows better than Bruce Sterling how thin the membrane between science fiction and real life has become, a state he correctly depicts as both thrilling and terrifying in this frisky, literate, clear-eyed sketch of the next half-century. Like all of the most interesting futurists, Sterling isn’t just talking about machines and biochemistry: what he really cares about are the interstices of technology with culture and human history.” -Kurt Andersen, author of Turn of the Century Visionary author Bruce Sterling views the future like no other writer. In his first nonfiction book since his classic The Hacker Crackdown, Sterling describes the world our children might be living in over the next fifty years and what to expect next in culture, geopolitics, and business. Time calls Bruce Sterling “one of America’s best-known science fiction writers and perhaps the sharpest observer of our media-choked culture working today in any genre.” Tomorrow Now is, as Sterling wryly describes it, “an ambitious, sprawling effort in thundering futurist punditry, in the pulsing vein of the futurists I’ve read and admired over the years: H. G. Wells, Arthur C. Clarke, and Alvin Toffler; Lewis Mumford, Reyner Banham, Peter Drucker, and Michael Dertouzos. This book asks the future two questions: What does it mean? and How does it feel? ” Taking a cue from one of William Shakespeare’s greatest soliloquies, Sterling devotes one chapter to each of the seven stages of humanity: birth, school, love, war, politics, business, and old age. As our children progress through Sterling’s Shakespearean life cycle, they will encounter new products; new weapons; new crimes; new moral conundrums, such as cloning and genetic alteration; and new political movements, which will augur the way wars of the future will be fought. Here are some of the author’s predictions: • Human clone babies will grow into the bitterest and surliest adolescents ever. • Microbes will be more important than the family farm. • Consumer items will look more and more like cuddly, squeezable pets. • Tomorrow’s kids will learn more from randomly clicking the Internet than they ever will from their textbooks. • Enemy governments will be nice to you and will badly want your tourist money, but global outlaws will scheme to kill you, loudly and publicly, on their Jihad TVs. • The future of politics is blandness punctuated with insanity. The future of activism belongs to a sophisticated, urbane global network that can make money—the Disney World version of Al Qaeda. Tomorrow Now will change the way you think about the future and our place in it.
 id : 241114 ISBN : 067178658X  | name : The FBI  |  description : An explosive expose from the bestselling author whose investigation brought down FBI director William S. Sessions. Offered unprecedented access and cooperation, Kessler reveals the inner workings of the modern FBI and the methods, powers and secrets of the people who run the Bureau. 16-page insert.
 id : 241115 ISBN : 0743436776  | name : State of the Union  |  description : Russia orders the United States to withdraw from world affairs or face destruction from 19-plus hidden suitcase nuclear devices.
 id : 241117 ISBN : 0590404423  | name : The Wizard of Oz  |  description : D'Artagnan Romance I In March 1844 the French magazine _Le Siecle, _ printed the first installemnt of a story by Alexandre Dumas. It was based, Dumas claimed, on some manuscripts he had found a year earlier in the Bibliotheque Nationale while researching a history he planned to write on Louis XIV. The serial chronicled the adventures of D'Artagnan -- a young swordsman intent on joining the king's musketeers. Young D'Artagnan becomes embroiled in court intrigues, international politics, and ill-fated affairs between royal lovers. This volume of the serial -- _The Three Musketeers_ is set in the year 1625. The D'Artagnan arrives in Paris at the tender age of 18, and that very day gives offese to three musketeers -- Porthos, Aramis, and Athos. Duels are agreed -- but interrupted by five of the Cardinal's guards. Instead of dueling, the four are attacked. D'Artagnan acquits himself impressively: his youthful courage becomes apparent during the battle. The four become friends, and, when asked by D'Artagnan's landlord to find his missing wife, embark upon an adventure that takes them across both France and England in order to thwart the plans of the Cardinal Richelieu. only as Milady, who will stop at nothing to disgrace Queen Anne of Austria before her husband, Louis XIII, and take revenge upon the musketeers. (Jacketless library hardcover.
 id : 241118 ISBN : 0804112320  | name : Crazy Woman  |  description : Captured by the Apaches while on a religious mission to New Mexico, Sara Franklin begins to learn the ways of her captors, earns their respect, and eventually finds herself caught between two worlds. Reprint.
 id : 241119 ISBN : 0380803399  | name : Night Thunder's Bride  |  description : A captive of the Blackfoot, Rebecca finds safety in the arms of Night Thunder, a proud and honorable Native American warrior, never expecting to encounter a forbidden passion with the man who has sworn to protect her. Original.
 id : 241120 ISBN : 0674805518  | name : Shanghai Modern  |  description : In the midst of ChinaÕs wild rush to modernize, a surprising note of reality arises: Shanghai, it seems, was once modern indeed, a pulsing center of commerce and art in the heart of the twentieth century. This book immerses us in the golden age of Shanghai urban culture, a modernity at once intrinsically Chinese and profoundly anomalous, blending new and indigenous ideas with those flooding into this Òtreaty portÓ from the Western world. A preeminent specialist in Chinese studies, Leo Ou-fan Lee gives us a rare wide-angle view of Shanghai culture in the making. He shows us the architecture and urban spaces in which the new commercial culture flourished, then guides us through the publishing and filmmaking industries that nurtured a whole generation of artists and established a bold new style in urban life known as modeng. In the work of six writers of the time, particularly Shi Zhecun, Mu Shiying, and Eileen Chang, Lee discloses the reflection of ShanghaiÕs urban landscapeÑforeign and familiar, oppressive and seductive, traditional and innovative. This work acquires a broader historical and cosmopolitan context with a look at the cultural links between Shanghai and Hong Kong, a virtual genealogy of Chinese modernity from the 1930s to the present day.
 id : 241122 ISBN : 0750917164  | name : 1066 and All that  |  description : Illustrated with contemporary pictures including manuscripts and paintings, this edition will be a source of pleasure to those who already know the text or are just discovering it.
 id : 241123 ISBN : 1592580025  | name : Dickens  |  description : Detailed and definitive, this profile of the Victorian writer explores the private life of the complicated, insecure, and wildly ambitious man who became the best-known author of his day. By the author of "Hawksmoor" and "T. S. Eliot." 150 illustrations.
 id : 241126 ISBN : 0373255845  | name : Loverboy  |  description : Loverboy by Vicki Lewis Thompson released on Jan 25, 1994 is available now for purchase.
 id : 241129 ISBN : 0486209393  | name : The Bear that Wasn't  |  description : A satirical fable that tells the story of a bear waking up in the midst of corporate industrial civilization.
 id : 241130 ISBN : 038078209X  | name : Music, the Brain, and Ecstasy  |  description : What makes a distant oboe's wail beautiful? Why do some kinds of music lift us to ecstasy, but not others? How can music make sense to an ear and brain evolved for detecting the approaching lion or tracking the unsuspecting gazelle? Lyrically interweaving discoveries from science, psychology, music theory, paleontology, and philosophy, Robert Jourdian brilliantly examines why music speaks to us in ways that words cannot, and why we form such powerful connections to it. In clear, understandable language, Jourdian expertly guides the reader through a continuum of musical experience: sound, tone, melody, harmony, rhythm, composition, performance, listening, understanding--and finally to ecstasy. Along the way, a fascinating cast of characters brings Jourdian's narrative to vivid life: "idiots savants" who absorb whole pieces on a single hearing, composers who hallucinate entire compositions, a psychic who claims to take dictation from long-dead composers, and victims of brain damage who can move only when they hear music. Here is a book that will entertain, inform, and stimulate everyone who loves music--and make them think about their favorite song in startling new ways.What makes a distant oboe s wail beautiful? Why do some kinds of music lift us to ecstasy, but not others? How can music make sense to an ear and brain evolved for detecting the approaching lion or tracking the unsuspecting gazelle? Lyrically interweaving discoveries from science, psychology, music theory, paleontology, and philosophy, Robert Jourdian brilliantly examines why music speaks to us in ways that words cannot, and why we form such powerful connections to it. In clear, understandable language, Jourdian expertly guides the reader through a continuum of musical experience: sound, tone, melody, harmony, rhythm, composition, performance, listening, understanding--and finally to ecstasy. Along the way, a fascinating cast of characters brings Jourdian s narrative to vivid life: idiots savants who absorb whole pieces on a single hearing, composers who hallucinate entire compositions, a psychic who claims to take dictation from long-dead composers, and victims of brain damage who can move only when they hear music. Here is a book that will entertain, inform, and stimulate everyone who loves music--and make them think about their favorite song in startling new ways.
 id : 241131 ISBN : 0393317331  | name : The Norton History of the Human Sciences  |  description : Beginning with the Renaissance's rediscovery of Greek psychology, political philosophy, and ethics, author Roger Smith recounts how the human sciences gradually organized themselves around a scientific conception of psychology and how this trend has continued to the present day in a circle of interactions between science and ordinary life, influencing and influenced by popular culture. Photos & drawings.
 id : 241132 ISBN : 0465098223  | name : The New Republic Reader  |  description : Former New Republic managing editor Dorothy Wickenden presents a collection of the best pieces from one of America's most influential liberal periodicals. With contributions from many of the 20th century's most distinguished politicians and statemen, this anthology offers an entertaining, coherent history of how modern liberalism evolved.
 id : 241134 ISBN : 0393040895  | name : Eve Spoke  |  description : Today, scientists cite language as the distinctively human feature. But what is language--a sign, a grunt? A sound with collective symbolic meaning? This remarkable book seeks to set the record straight with a critical refinement of the language theory, providing readers for the first time with a scientific explanation of how Eve came to speak at all. Illustrations.
 id : 241135 ISBN : 0140097333  | name : New Lands, New Men  |  description : Examines the adventures of the explorers during the seventeenth through the nineteenth centuries, and shows how the impetus to explore transcended national interests
 id : 241136 ISBN : 0843947950  | name : Lord Savage  |  description : A beautiful woman tries to teach a bounty-hunting rogue how to be a gentlemanbut ends up learning a few lessons in untamed love.
 id : 241137 ISBN : 0380786028  | name : Silver Moon Song  |  description : Emily's peaceful life as frontier teacher and her engagement to a local rancher are disrupted when she meets Tay Nashoba, a proud Choctaw leader, for whom she begins to harbor strong feelings. Original.
 id : 241138 ISBN : 0312110960  | name : When the Clock Struck Zero  |  description : Discusses how far science can go in explaining the existence of the universe, including matter and consciousness
 id : 241139 ISBN : 0671759175  | name : Predictions  |  description : A look at the application of scientific concepts to predicting social phenomena illuminates such diverse subjects as the death rate from auto accidents, Mozart's musical genius, the probable cure for AIDS, and more. 40,000 first printing.
 id : 241142 ISBN : 0812918533  | name : The Big Bang Never Happened  |  description : A mesmerizing challenge to orthodox cosmology with powerful implications not only for cosmology itself but also for our notions of time, God, and human nature -- with a new Preface addressing the latest developments in the field. Far-ranging and provocative, The Big Bang Never Happened is more than a critique of one of the primary theories of astronomy -- that the universe appeared out of nothingness in a single cataclysmic explosion ten to twenty billion years ago. Drawing on new discoveries in particle physics and thermodynamics as well as on readings in history and philosophy, Eric J. Lerner confronts the values behind the Big Bang theory: the belief that mathematical formulae are superior to empirical observation; that the universe is finite and decaying; and that it could only come into being through some outside force. With inspiring boldness and scientific rigor, he offers a brilliantly orchestrated argument that generates explosive intellectual debate. "From the Trade Paperback edition.
 id : 241144 ISBN : 0140056998  | name : The Whisperings Within  |  description : A zoologist uses case studies of human and animal behavior to support his argument that many aspects of human sexual behavior, parenting, kinship patterns, aggression, altruism, and racism have their roots in evolutionary adaptations made by man's ancestors
 id : 241147 ISBN : 0525936742  | name : We are Not Alone  |  description : Provides an authoritative account of all that we know and have done to search for intelligent life beyond Earth.
 id : 241150 ISBN : 0684196301  | name : Out of Control  |  description : This book is not a prediction but an urgent warning. It is about the state of global politics today, about what may happen by the onset of the twenty-first century, and also about what must not be allowed to happen.
 id : 241151 ISBN : 0060916222  | name : A Worthy Tradition  |  description : A look at the First Amendment and Supreme Court decisions dealing with it, covers the content of speech and freedom of association, and discusses deportation, exclussion, and passport regulation
 id : 241152 ISBN : 0465090443  | name : Vital Dust  |  description : A sweeping portrait--covering four billion years--of the possible origins and evolution of life on earth, written by a Nobel Prize-winning biochemist on the cutting edge of research into these issues.
 id : 241155 ISBN : 0670819069  | name : Wildlife in America  |  description : A history of the North American wilderness and its creatures, with lists and drawings of rare, threatened, and extinct species.
 id : 241156 ISBN : 0195073819  | name : Return to Diversity  |  description : Written by one of the world's foremost authorities on East Central Europe, Return to Diversity has proven to be an invaluable guide for readers of modern European history and politics. This third edition introduces a new co-author, Nancy M. Wingfield, and has been fully updated to take into account recent and ongoing developments in the region.
 id : 241157 ISBN : 0881849650  | name : Thurgood Marshall  |  description : Forty of Justice Marshall's opinions ruling on such issues as civil rights, education, abortion, and capital punishment are introduced by a law professor who highlights the issues and illuminates the workings of an astute legal mind
 id : 241158 ISBN : 0781433428  | name : The Happy Hoppy Frog  |  description : Gabe enters his frog in the county fair frog jumping contest, but his strong-willed frog has other ideas! ? Blends humor with spiritual values ? Contains a critter project kids can make themselves? Written by an author with authentic educational credentials? Includes Faith Parenting? Guide to encourage parental interaction
 id : 241160 ISBN : 0781433401  | name : The Colossal Catfish  |  description : Gabe learns that it's better to have good friends than a gigantic pet catfish. - Blends humor with spiritual values - Contains a critter project kids can make themselves- Written by an author with authentic educational credentials- Includes Faith Parentingâ„¢ Guide to encourage parental interaction to encourage parental interaction
 id : 241161 ISBN : 0821736108  | name : Apache Magic  |  description : When beautiful Daniella Blackwood, who had herself escaped from the Apaches, joins forces with the irresistibly virile Travis Colton to rescue Travis' ten-year-old son from his Indian captors, neither can deny the desire they feel for each other
 id : 241162 ISBN : 038077738X  | name : Tempt a Lady  |  description : Abandoned by her father as a child, lovely Rayne North journeys to Nevada for a reunion with her reprobate parent and gets more than she had bargained for in the person of her father's handsome partner, Case O'Malley, a Union secret agent. Original.
 id : 241163 ISBN : 082174898X  | name : Apache Heartsong  |  description : Hardening her heart against the race that has cruelly imprisoned the Chiricahua Apaches, LaRisa Chee is unprepared for her father's dying wish that she make peace for her tribe by marrying a white man. Original.
 id : 241165 ISBN : 0821752901  | name : Apache Flame  |  description : Leaving his tribe to satisfy the restlessness in his heart, half-Chiricahua Pace Colton rescues the spirited Joanna from a life of bondage and flees with her into the Sierra Madre Mountains, where they fight for their lives. Original.
 id : 241166 ISBN : 0821758632  | name : The Gamble  |  description : Dazzling and daring Sabrina Lindsey had a knack for defying social conventions. Her endless escapades in London society enraged her guardian whose only solution was to send her to Bath before her exploits came to the attention of her titled suitor. Little did Sabrina know that her lifestyle would be matched by a viscount masquerading as a notorious highwayman.
 id : 241167 ISBN : 1577487095  | name : Take Your Mark  |  description : I want you to know that dreams do come true. If they didn't, why would God design our hearts with the capacity to yearn for something greater than ourselves? - Heather Whitestone. There's a world of incredible opportunities awaiting. Now that graduation is over, you can focus your attention on the great adventure ahead. In your hands are stories of women, who, with God's help, have faced the challenges of life head-on, with unforgettable results. Let their stories encourage you as you eagerly embrace your own future. Read on for motivating stories of successful women...draw strength from the God who helped them...and Take-Your Mark! Your race is about to begin.
 id : 241168 ISBN : 0821733273  | name : Fires in the Night  |  description : When feisty, red-headed Eudora Morrell is kidnapped by Lord Khamed, leader of a fierce desert tribe, she is shocked to discover that her desire for him burns as scorchingly hot as the Sahara sun itself
 id : 241169 ISBN : 0373700237  | name : From this Beloved Hour  |  description : From This Beloved Ho by Willa Lambert released on May 25, 1982 is available now for purchase.
 id : 241173 ISBN : 8479535318  | name : La Obsesión Anti-Americana  |  description : Estados Unidos ha sido siempre objeto de una mezcla de amor y odio, de envidia y desprecio, por parte del resto del planeta. Especialmente después de la caída del bloque comunista, que los dejó como única superpotencia mundial. ¿Cuales son las raíces del antimericanismo? ¿Posee una base objetiva? ¿Responde al conocimiento de los hechos de la realidad o se explica sólo por un resentimiento irracional alimentado por los fantasmas y la desinformación? Después de los atentados del 11 de septiembre se requiere más que nunca una explicación, una actualización de la cuestión del antiamericanismo, esa doble demonización que padecen los EE.UU como modelo de sociedad y como primera fuerza económico-político-militar mundial. A esto se dedica Jean-François Revel en La obsesión antiamericana. ¿Cómo son vistos los Estados Unidos por los demás y cómo son en realidad? La respuesta es una inteligente denuncia de las contradicciones del antimericanismo y de las incongruencias de los críticos de la globalización liberal.
 id : 241176 ISBN : 0850304318  | name : How to Read Hands  |  description : Explains how to analyze a person's personality, relationships, talents, health, and future through an examination of the hand
 id : 241178 ISBN : 2253096245  | name : L'hymne à l'amour  |  description : Oh ! regardez cette petite personne dont les mains sont celles du lézard des ruines. Regardez son front de Bonaparte. Ses yeux d'aveugle qui viennent de retrouver la vue. Comment chantera-t-elle ? Comment sortira-t-elle de sa poitrine étroite les grandes plaintes de la nuit ? Et voilà qu'elle chante, ou plutôt qu'à la mode du rossignol d'avril elle essaie son chant d'amour... Elle se dépasse, elle dépasse ses chansons, elle nous dépasse. L'âme de la rue pénètre dans toutes les chambres de la ville. Ce n'est plus madame Edith Piaf qui chante, c'est la pluie qui tombe, le vent qui souffle, c'est le clair de lune qui met sa nappe.
 id : 241179 ISBN : 2253019585  | name : Sens dessus dessous  |  description : Dans les soixante-quinze sketches publiés dans ce livre alternent monologues, textes à deux ou plusieurs personnages. Ces sketches, Raymond Devos les anime généralement sur scène mais chacun est une remarquable réussite d'écriture. On peut lire les sketches de Devos et beaucoup rire, même sans le voir les jouer. Privilège réservé seulement aux grands auteurs comiques. Raymond Devos en fait partie et Sens dessus dessous en apporte la preuve éclatante.
 id : 241180 ISBN : 2070384233  | name : Dérives sur le Nil  |  description : Avril, mois de la poussière et des mensonges. Une péniche amarrée à une berge du Nil, au Caire. Chaque soir, s'y réunit la " famille ", composée de sept personnes : une traductrice, un écrivain, un critique, un comédien, un avocat, un homme d'affaires, enfin, Anis Zaki, modeste fonctionnaire, mais homme de grande culture, leur hôte à tous, et leur obligé. C'est lui, assisté du vieil Abdu, qui prépare le narguilé. Un jour, une jeune journaliste, Samara Bahjat, se mêle à cette assemblée d'intellectuels désabusés dont elle ne partage ni le goût pour le haschisch, ni le nihilisme, ni l'humour cocasse, ni l'art de la conversation absurde. Et le drame éclate qui les met devant la nécessité soit de renoncer à leur carrière, puisqu'ils la prétendaient futile, dérisoire, soit d'être infidèles à eux-mêmes. Traduction de l'arabe par France Douvier Meyer, revue par Selma Fakhry Fourcassié et Bernard Wallet.
 id : 241182 ISBN : 0141185570  | name : Modern Classics This Side of Paradise  |  description : Amory Blaine, intent on rebelling against his staid, Midwestern upbringing, longs to acquire the patina of Eastern sophistication. In his quest for sexual and intellectual enlightenment, he progresses through a series of relationships, until he is cast out into the real world.
 id : 241183 ISBN : 0310574102  | name : Think Big  |  description : A pediatric neurosurgeon offers his philosophy on life and success.
 id : 241184 ISBN : 0316735604  | name : The Tapestries  |  description : - The novel was inspired by the life of the author's grandfather, a tapestry weaver in the last imperial court of Vietnam.- A selection of Minnesota's Talking Volumes book club.- A brilliantly textured historical romance that is sure to be a favorite with reading groups throughout the country.- Hardcover ISBN: 0-316-28441-6
 id : 241185 ISBN : 0373230079  | name : Cowboys and Cabernet  |  description : Set in the Yukon and Alaska, these two full-length novels show that the nights may be long but the passion runs hot. In Hoffmann's "Dodging Cupid's Arrow, " the attraction between a journalist and a sexy bush pilot is enough to melt a polar ice cap. And in Hutchinson's "Northern Knights, " two law officers find their attraction to be downright dangerous. Reissue.
 id : 241186 ISBN : 037305355X  | name : Love Song for a Raven  |  description : He rescued her from the storm -- but could he save his heart from her love?
 id : 241187 ISBN : 0864426089  | name : Central Europe  |  description : This Lonely Planet guide offers practical advice on independent travel in Austria, the Czech Republic, Germany, Hungary, Liechtenstein, Poland, Slovakia, Slovenia, and Switzerland. Included is a language section with useful phrases in German, Czech, Hungarian, Polish, Slovak, and Slovene. of color photos. 130 detailed maps.
 id : 241188 ISBN : 0262680939  | name : Turtles, Termites, and Traffic Jams  |  description : How does a bird flock keep its movements so graceful and synchronized? Most people assume that the bird in front leads and the others follow. In fact, bird flocks don't have leaders: they are organized without an organizer, coordinated without a coordinator. And a surprising number of other systems, from termite colonies to traffic jams to economic systems, work the same decentralized way. Turtles, Termites, and Traffic Jams describes innovative new computational tools that can qhelp people (even young children) explore the workings of such systems—and help them move beyond the centralized mindset.
 id : 241189 ISBN : 0743204476  | name : Digital Biology  |  description : A leading scientist's visionary work explains the next revolution in computers: following the principles of the biological universe, they will yield profound insights into the world of nature. "Digital Biology" takes readers on a groundbreaking and entertaining journey into a universe where nature is transforming technology, just on the other side of our computer screens.
 id : 241190 ISBN : 1881474038  | name : Who Wants to be a Millionaire  |  description : Presents around 1000 questions and answers in the style of the television quiz show, 'Who Wants to be a Millionaire?' Is designed to be used for conducting quizzes at home. Includes instructions and score sheets.
 id : 241191 ISBN : 0451401638  | name : Fortune's Lady  |  description : Beautiful Marianne Blackmore fled to the untamed northwest wilderness to escape the man who threatened her life and happiness. But when a train accident places her in handsome lumber baron Nicholas Fortune's home, he thinks she is his mail-order bride . . . and love's bright flame illuminated both their lives forever.
 id : 241193 ISBN : 0843943661  | name : Tempt the Devil  |  description : "Ye cannot kill the devil", whispered the throng at the hanging of the notorious Diablo. Moments later the pirate had escaped the noose and abducted Lady Devon, whisking her aboard his ship. Infuriated, Devon swears she will have nothing to do with her captor. But long days at sea and even longer nights beneath the stars bring Devon ever closer to surrender.
 id : 241194 ISBN : 0071422684  | name : The Elephants of Style  |  description : Advice on good writing from everybody's favorite editorial curmudgeon Persnickety, cantankerous, opinionated, entertaining, hilarious, wise...these are a few of the adjectives reviewers used to describe good-writing maven Bill Walsh's previous book, Lapsing Into a Comma. Now, picking up where he left off in Lapsing, Walsh addresses the dozen or so biggest issues that every writer or editor must master. He also offers a trunkload of good advice on the many little things that add up to good writing. Featuring all the elements that made Lapsing such a fun read, including Walsh's trademark acerbic wit and fascinating digressions on language and its discontents, The Elephants of Style provides: Tips on how to tame the "elephants of style"--the most important, frequently confused elements of good writing More of Walsh's popular "Curmudgeon's Stylebook"--includes entries such as Snarky Specificity, Metaphors, Near and Far, Actually is the New Like, and other uses and misuses of language Expert advice for writers and editors on how to work together for best results
 id : 241195 ISBN : 0747562075  | name : Someone to Run with  |  description : Earnest, awkward and painfully shy, sixteen-year-old Asaf is having the worst summer of his life. With his big sister gone and his best friend suddenly the most popular kid in their class, Asaf spends his days at a lowly summer job in Jerusalem City Hall and his evenings alone, watching television and playing games on the Internet. One morning, Asaf's routine is interrupted by an absurd assignment: to find the owner of a stray yellow Labrador. Meanwhile on the other side of the city, Tamar, a talented singer with a lonely, tempestuous soul, undertakes an equally unpromising mission: to rescue a young drug addict from the Jerusalem underworld … and, eventually, to find her dog. Grossman's most popular work to date, a bestseller hailed by the Israeli press and reform politicians like Shimon Peres for its mixture of fairy-tale magic, emotional sensitivity, and gritty realism, SOMEONE TO RUN WITH explores the life of Israeli street kids and the anxieties of family life in a society racked by self-doubt. But most of all, Grossman evokes the adventure of adolescence and the discovery of love, as Tamar and Asaf, pushed beyond the limits of childhood, find the objects of their quests, find themselves, and find each other.
 id : 241197 ISBN : 1565123735  | name : A Company of Three  |  description : In New York City during the late 1970s, three young, talented, and ambitious would-be actors--Patrick, Robert, and Irene--find their friendships tested as their lives take different turns and they confront difficult choices on their paths to success. By the author of Like China.
 id : 241198 ISBN : 1931859000  | name : The Struggle for Palestine  |  description : Leading international solidarity activists offer insight into the ongoing struggle for Palestinian freedom and justice. Includes Anthony Arnove, Naseer Aruri, David Barsamian, Paul D'Amato, Phil Gasper, Toufic Haddad, Tikva Honig-Parnass, Rania Masri, Tanya Reinhart, Edward Said, and Ahmed Shawki.
 id : 241199 ISBN : 0843948108  | name : The Deed  |  description : Determined to lose her innocence, Lady Emmalene Eberhart finds herself torn between two men--the honorable knight she is promised to marry and a rival knight who will stop at nothing to possess her. Reissue.
 id : 241200 ISBN : 055323823X  | name : Final Harbor  |  description : Chronicles the career of the USS Mako, a fleet submarine, from her construction during the early days of World War II to her role in protecting the far reaches of the Pacific against Japanese forces
 id : 241201 ISBN : 0821761021  | name : Wild Highland Rose  |  description : Rebecca was only 15 when she first met Edward, son of the powerful MacCleary clan chieftain. But the murder of Edward's father led to a bitter feud between their clans, and Rebecca's family fled--her dreams of marrying Edward dashed forever. Then, ten years later, Edward finds Rebecca again--sweeping her into his arms and embracing their everlasting love.
 id : 241202 ISBN : 0768911729  | name : 24 Hours to the Civil Service Exams  |  description : Contains a concise guide to taking civil service exams and includes practice tests, test-taking tips, advice on job application procedures, and information on the civil service job market.
 id : 241203 ISBN : 0767907043  | name : A Tale of Two Valleys  |  description : It's Napa versus Sonoma, and the antics are rampant! In A Tale of Two Valleys, Deutschman wittily captures these stranger-than-fiction locales and uncorks the hilarious absurdities of life among the wine world's glitterati.
 id : 241204 ISBN : 0505522543  | name : Lord of the Night  |  description : After his father is wrongfully hanged by the Greys and his birthright is taken from him, Jaime Mortimer is forced into exile. A smuggler, known only as the Lord of Darkness, Jaime vows to avenge his father's death and reclaim all that is his. So when the news of Lord Evan Grey's marriage reach him, Jaime decides to halt the wedding at any cost and take the bride for his own. But Lady Aleta Somerset is no ordinary bride.
 id : 241205 ISBN : 0843933054  | name : Forbidden Passion  |  description : Taken by surprise to learn that years ago her father had promised her to an Irishman, Yngveld is escorted to her intended by Thomas, a handsome emissary who feels an immediate yearning for his master's bride-to-be. Original.
 id : 241206 ISBN : 1564782980  | name : Thank You for Not Reading  |  description : In this collection of acerbic essays, Ugresic dissects the nature of the contemporary book industry, which she argues is so infected with the need to create and promote literature that will appeal to the masses--literally to everyone--that if Thomas Mann were writing nowadays, his books wouldn't even be published in the U.S. because they're not sexy enough. A playful and biting critique, Ugresic's essays hit on all of the major aspects of publishing: agents, subagents, and scouts, supermarket-like bookstores, Joan Collins, book fairs that have little to do with books, authors promoted because of sex appeal instead of merit, and editors trying to look like writers by having their photograph taken against a background of bookshelves. Thanks to cultural influences such as Oprah, "The Today Show," and Kelly Ripa, best-seller lists have become just a modern form of socialist realism, a manifestation of a society that generally ignores literature in favor of the next big thing.
 id : 241207 ISBN : 0822053357  | name : CliffsQuickReview Physical Geology  |  description : CliffsQuickReview course guides cover the essentials of your toughest classes. Get a firm grip on core concepts and key material, and test your newfound knowledge with review questions. Whether you're new to rocks and minerals or just brushing up on a favorite old subject, CliffsQuickReview Physical Geology can help. This guide not only helps you understand how glaciation, running water, weathering, and erosion have formed the landscapes we see today, but as you work your way through this guide, you'll find out about The earth's components Geologic structures Igneous rocks Sedimentary rocks Metamorphic rocks CliffsQuickReview Physical Geology is an invaluable reference for those who want to understand complex processes deep inside the earth like plate tectonics, volcanic activity, and mountain-building. Here are just a few of the things you'll learn about: The earth's origin Shorelines Deserts and winds The ocean floor Earthquakes With titles available for all the most popular high school and college courses, CliffsQuickReview guides are a comprehensive resource that can help you get the best possible grades.
 id : 241208 ISBN : 0451406125  | name : Autumn's Flame  |  description : After her husband and son are killed, Elyssa of Freyne and her remaining son become wards of the local sheriff. When the sheriff sends her son away to almost certain death, she vows revenge. But then the sheriff admits to a crime he didn't commit--and Elyssa learns there may be more to this intriguing man than she knows.
 id : 241209 ISBN : 0523424825  | name : Silken Captive  |  description : When Lady Flavia's new bridegroom Prince Zebukar is murdered on their wedding night by a Greek freedom fighter called the Pagan, she begins to fear that this "beast" is now trying to capture her heart
 id : 241210 ISBN : 0821736590  | name : Sweet Paradise  |  description : In East Africa on a government mission, hunter Cray Branson finds his job complicated by the animal-like presence of Reba Von Hausen, a beautiful woman who has lived in the wilds for years. Original.
 id : 241212 ISBN : 0895261103  | name : Dangerous Diplomacy  |  description : A journalist and former congressional staffer exposes the inherent contradictions and internal conflicts that hamper the State Department and could stymie the war on terrorism.
 id : 241213 ISBN : 0684869594  | name : Made from Scratch  |  description : An affirmation of domesticity and its proud history explores how the traditions of home and hearth--as our grandmothers knew them--are close to extinction and shows the myriad ways women are reconnecting these time-honored customs.
 id : 241214 ISBN : 0813398282  | name : Fast Food, Fast Track  |  description : No longer just pocket money for American teens, wages paid by multinational fast-food chains are going to a new generation of order-takers, burger-flippers, and basket-fryers - newly arrived immigrants
 id : 241215 ISBN : 1859847943  | name : Hollow City  |  description : Describes the displacement of the art and lifestyles of many of San Francisco's inhabitants by the economic boom and wealthy newcomers.
 id : 241217 ISBN : 0719561590  | name : Voyaging the Pacific  |  description : In 1997, Miles Hordern sailed alone in a 28-foot sloop across the Southern Ocean from New Zealand to Patagonia and back - a voyage of 13,000 nautical miles across the largest uninterrupted stretch of water on earth, a region of icebergs, gales and high seas. Six weeks after setting out from New Zealand he made landfall on the coast of Chile and, after a chance meeting, embarked on a 1000-mile cruise southwards to survey the channels and fjords of Patagonia, one of the last unchartered areas in the world. From Chile he sailed north on the Peru current, then west through the tropics on the return passage to New Zealand.
 id : 241218 ISBN : 047141431X  | name : It Doesn't Take a Rocket Scientist  |  description : Did you know. . . . . . that the woman who discovered the largest and most complete T. rex fossil on record was a high-school dropout who became one of the world's greatest fossil hunters? . . . that the great British scientist Michael Faraday was the son of a blacksmith and had very little formal education? . . . that Gregor Mendel had time to study inherited traits in garden peas because he failed the test to qualify as a high school science teacher? This is just a small sampling of the many surprises you'll find in this enlightening survey of the mavericks, misfits, and unschooled investigators who have been responsible for some of the greatest scientific discoveries in history. It Doesn't Take a Rocket Scientist explains the achievements of each of these accomplished amateurs, describes how they approached their investigations, and discusses the impact of their discoveries. In these amazing and inspiring stories, you'll learn about: * Grote Reber and the birth of radio astronomy * Arthur C. Clarke's vision of communication satellites * Joseph Priestley and the discovery of oxygen * Felix d'Herelle's pinpointing of bacteriophages, killers of bacteria * Thomas Jefferson and the science of archaeology You'll also discover which fields of science still offer great opportunities for modern amateurs eager to make a name for themselves. After all, it doesn't take a rocket scientist!
 id : 241219 ISBN : 0595000932  | name : Nassau  |  description : Fast ships, easy money and sudden danger arrive in the Bahamas when the Civil War transforms a sleepy tropical port into a haven for Confederate blockade runners. From sordid waterfront taverns to the Governor’s mansion, to the elegant Royal Victoria Hotel, sailors, spies, fortune seekers, and adventurers cut deals and cut loose while preparing for the next harrowing trip through the blockade’s deadly ring of fire and steel. Here a daring captain with a fast ship can quickly become rich...or dead. Nassau is the exciting story of how the Civil War changed a once quiet port and the people who lived there.
 id : 241220 ISBN : 0393323722  | name : Political Numeracy  |  description : An engaging and unusual perspective on the no-man's land between mathematics and the law.--John Allen Paulos
 id : 241221 ISBN : 0679764844  | name : Who in Hell--  |  description : What do Warren G. Harding, Attila the Hun, and Louis B. Mayer have in common? These days, they're residing in that hip, hot neighborhood called Hell. Yes, according to the authors, these luminaries and millions (maybe trillions?) more have left our Earthly paradise with a one-ticket to the land of infernal flames. Irreverent, authoritative, accurate, and funny as . . . well, you know what, Who In Hell explains the sins of Hades' inhabitants and its not-so-civil servants. Illustrations.
 id : 241222 ISBN : 1567511260  | name : The War Against Children of Color  |  description : The authors of the best-selling Talking back to Prozac expose the government and psychiatric establishment's threat to children. From the authors of the best-selling Talking Back to Prozac comes the definitive work exposing how mental health agencies and the government are using invalid science for social control rather than addressing the decline of families, schools, and communities as well as escalating racism and poverty. In 1992, Dr. Peter Breggin and Ginger Ross inspired a national campaign against the proposed federal "Violence Initiative", which was aimed at identifying inner-city children with alleged defects that were said to make them more violent when they reach adulthood.
 id : 241226 ISBN : 0226257142  | name : Blacked Out  |  description : Acknowledgments Prologue Introduction: Stalking Culture and Meaning and Looking in a Refracted Mirror 1: Schooling and Imagining the American Dream: Success Alloyed with Failure 2: Becoming a Person: Fictive Kinship as a Theoretical Frame 3: Parenthood, Childrearing, and Female Academic Success 4: Parenthood, Childrearing, and Male Academic Success 5: Teachers and School Officials as Foreign Sages6: School Success and the Construction of "Otherness" 7: Retaining Humanness: Underachievement and the Struggle to Affirm the Black Self 8: Reclaiming and Expanding Humanness: Overcoming the Integration Ideology Afterword Policy Implications Notes Bibliography Index Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 241228 ISBN : 0312253761  | name : The Better Man  |  description : A middle-aged bachelor, Mukundan returns to the Indian town where he was born, where he is tested and forced to confront his past. Reprint.
 id : 241229 ISBN : 0375431160  | name : Past Lives, Future Healing  |  description : Citing unresolved issues from past lives as the roots of many fears, illnesses, phobias, and relationship problems, the author of Blessings from the Other Side considers the influences of previous existences and how to address them. 17,500 first printing. (New Age)
 id : 241231 ISBN : 0312280734  | name : Carp Fishing on Valium  |  description : The literary debut of one of rock's most critically acclaimed singer/songwriters. For 25 years Graham Parker has rocked our world, releasing more than 20 albums, including the fabled Squeezing Out Sparks, considered to be one of the great rock and roll albums of all time. Now Graham stakes his claim in the literary world with Carp Fishing on Valium. Carp Fishing on Valium is the story of one Brian Porker, our Everyman if you will, told in a kaleidoscopic series of episodes from Brian's life: from a nature-loving lad who collects bird eggs to a wannabe musician enduring distasteful jobs; from a husband with a different kind of relationship problem to a high-living rock singer auditioning as the replacement for the "newly deceased" Mick Jagger; and from a homeowner negotiating with country workmen to his final guise as an ornithologist-comedian (yes, you read that right). Witty, absurd, keenly insightful and full of a wistfulness for what once was and what might have been, Carp Fishing on Valium establishes Graham Parker on the literary scene in the same wickedly incisive way he turned rock on its ear.
 id : 241232 ISBN : 0312209584  | name : The Science of Star Wars  |  description : Could the science fiction of Star Wars be the actual science of tomorrow? -How close are we to creating robots that look and act like R2-D2 and C-3PO? -Can we access a "force" with our minds to move objects and communicate telepathically with each other? -How might spaceships like the Millennium Falcon make the exhilarating jump into hyperspace? What kind of environment could spawn a Wookiee? -Could a single blast from the Death Star destroy an entire planet? -Could light sabers possibly be built, and if so, how would they work? -Do Star Wars aliens look like "real" aliens might? -What would living on a desert planet like Tatooine be like? -Why does Darth Vader require an artificial respirator? Discover the answers to these and many other fascinating questions as a noted scientist and Star Wars enthusiast explores The Science of Star Wars.
 id : 241233 ISBN : 0671880713  | name : Sam Houston  |  description : Against the tumultuous backdrop of early Texas history, Williams sketches a vivid portrait of a truly American legend. Map.
 id : 241234 ISBN : 0440038529  | name : The Innocent Dark  |  description : The Lefland family curse becomes horribly manifest as a traumatic experience causes young Jason to develop a split personality
 id : 241235 ISBN : 1568581661  | name : The Wild Numbers  |  description : When a mediocre mathematician solves a puzzle that has vexed savants for centuries, his moment of glory is spoiled by accusations that the solution did not originate with him. Original.
 id : 241237 ISBN : 0375405836  | name : Jesse James  |  description : A brilliant biography of Jesse James, and a stunning reinterpretation of an American icon. Stripped of the familiar myths surrounding him, James emerges a far more significant figure: ruthless, purposeful, intensely political; a man who, in the midst of his crimes and notoriety, made himself a spokesman for the renewal of the Confederate cause during the bitter decade that followed Appomattox. Traditionally, Jesse James has been portrayed as a Wild West bandit, a Robin Hood of sorts. But in this meticulously researched, vividly written account of his life, he emerges as far more complicated. Raised in a fiercely pro-slavery atmosphere in bitterly divided Missouri, he began at sixteen to fight alongside some of the most savage Confederate guerrillas. When the Civil War ended, his violent path led him into the brutal conflicts of Reconstruction. We follow James as he places himself squarely in the forefront of the former Confederates' bid to capture political power with his reckless daring, his visibility, his partisan pronouncements, and his alliance with a rising ex-Confederate editor, John Newman Edwards, who helped shape James's image for their common purpose. In uniting violence and the news media on behalf of a political cause, James was hardly the quaint figure of legend. Rather, as his life played out across the racial divide, the rise of the Klan, and the expansion of the railroads, he was a forerunner of what we have come to call a terrorist. T.J. Stiles has written a memorable book--a revelation of both the man and his time.
 id : 241238 ISBN : 0670031232  | name : The Chinese in America  |  description : Chang has written an extraordinary narrative that encompasses the entire history of the Chinese in America, an epic story that spans 150 years and continues to the present day. Photos.
 id : 241239 ISBN : 0935755144  | name : Agenda 21  |  description : Abridged version of the main Earth Summit agreement. Highly recommended. DSChoice
 id : 241240 ISBN : 0802714064  | name : Edison and the Electric Chair  |  description : A Discover magazine Top Science Book Thomas Edison stunned America in 1879 by unveiling a world-changing invention--the light bulb--and then launching the electrification of America’s cities. A decade later, despite having been an avowed opponent of the death penalty, Edison threw his laboratory resources and reputation behind the creation of a very different sort of device--the electric chair. Deftly exploring this startling chapter in American history, Edison & the Electric Chair delivers both a vivid portrait of a nation on the cusp of modernity and a provocative new examination of Edison himself. Edison championed the electric chair for reasons that remain controversial to this day. Was Edison genuinely concerned about the suffering of the condemned? Was he waging a campaign to smear his rival George Westinghouse’s alternating current and boost his own system? Or was he warning the public of real dangers posed by the high-voltage alternating wires that looped above hundreds of America’s streets? Plumbing the fascinating history of electricity, Mark Essig explores America’s love of technology and its fascination with violent death, capturing an era when the public was mesmerized and terrified by an invisible force that produced blazing light, powered streetcars, carried telephone conversations--and killed.
 id : 241241 ISBN : 0451401441  | name : Virus  |  description : One-time actor Dante Glorio forms a secret cult that targets the peaceful Southern town of Brisbane with a lethal virus that begins to kill the community's inhabitants, one by one
 id : 241242 ISBN : 0786886404  | name : The Frozen Water Trade  |  description : Now in paperback, the fascinating story of America's vast natural ice trade which revolutionized the 19th century. On February 13, 1806, the brig Favorite left Boston harbor bound for the Caribbean island of Martinique with a cargo that few imagined would survive the month-long voyage. Packed in hay in the hold were large chunks of ice cut from a frozen Massachusetts lake. This was the first venture of a young Boston entrepreneur, Frederic Tudor, who believed he could make a fortune selling ice to people in the tropics. Ridiculed at the outset, Tudor endured years of hardship before he was to fulfill his dream. Over the years, he and his rivals extended the frozen-water trade to Havana, Charleston, New Orleans, London, and finally to Calcutta, where in 1833 more than one hundred tons of ice survived a four-month journey of 16,000 miles with two crossings of the equator. The Frozen-Water Trade is a fascinating account of the birth of an industry that ultimately revolutionized domestic life for millions of people.
 id : 241243 ISBN : 0375756930  | name : Uncle Tom's Cabin  |  description : When Uncle Tom's Cabin was published in 1852, it became an international blockbuster, selling more than 300,000 copies in the United States alone in its first year. Progressive for her time, Harriet Beecher Stowe was one of the earliest writers to offer a shockingly realistic depiction of slavery. Her stirring indictment and portrait of human dignity in the most inhumane circumstances enlightened hundreds of thousands by revealing the human costs of slavery, which had until then been cloaked and justified by the racist misperceptions of the time. Langston Hughes called it "a moral battle cry," noting that "the love and warmth and humanity that went into its writing keep it alive a century later," and Tolstoy described it as "flowing from love of God and man."
 id : 241244 ISBN : 0603550835  | name : The Complete Winnie-the-Pooh  |  description : Follow Winnie-the-Pooh, Christopher Robin, Eeyore, Piglet, Rabbit, Owl, Tigger, Kanga and Roo on their various adventures and escapades in the Hundred Acre Wood.
 id : 241245 ISBN : 157954021X  | name : Low-Fat Living  |  description : Endorsed by the Editors of Prevention Health Books. This book replaces dieting with fat-burning-- with an easy-to-follow lifestyle plan that will work for the entire family-- and dozens of mouthwatering recipes that ensure you'll never miss the fat you're skipping. All based on the very latest worldwide research. With the Low-Fat Living program, you'll steadily burn more fat 24 hours a day. And you'll realize the health bonuses immediately. * Lower your blood pressure and reduce cholesterol levels * Reduce the chances of heart disease, stroke, diabetes and cancer * Have less fatigue and more energy Dr. Robert K. Cooper's remarkable new program reveals the simple elements of success. * Food so delicious, you'll never long for extra fat * Exercise so easy, you can chat while you're doing it * Ways to power up for fat-burning as easily as flicking a switch * The most efficient toning techniques ever discovered
 id : 241247 ISBN : 1591297192  | name : Notes of a Would-Be Astronaut  |  description : Tom McAllister finally answers the call of the open road. His itch, fermenting for years, erupts into present reality when his daughters rag on Janis Joplin while watching MTV. Now he has a need for escape velocity, and to somehow reclaim July boyhood afternoons. At a Chevy dealership, clutching $30,000, he buys a screaming-yellow Corvette to achieve escape velocity. He hits the road without warning, leaving behind family and success. Tom begins wandering across America, meeting people he’d never find most anywhere in his suburban life. Included are an ex-NASA engineer from the heydays of Apollo and a kid pimping himself on Hollywood Blvd. He also meets David, a trust fund hippie and rudderless nomad. David’s shrinking world has delivered him to a black hole of fate. In David, Tom sees what he might become, ultimately facing his reality on the North Rim of the Grand Canyon.
 id : 241249 ISBN : 0671725645  | name : The Complete Resume Book and Job Getter's Guide  |  description : Offers advice on the development of an effective resume and discusses cover letters, finding job openings, letters of recommendation, and job interviews
 id : 241251 ISBN : 0440500052  | name : Molecules of the Mind  |  description : Explains molecular psychology and why it may change the way people look at the world
 id : 241252 ISBN : 0812966740  | name : On Our Way to Beautiful  |  description : Yolanda Young grew up in the rambunctious but God-fearing town of Shreveport, Louisiana, where people prayed as hard as they gambled and loved as hard as they fought. Her neighborhood’s unpaved streets were lined with shotgun shacks, but lack of money didn’t stop her family from teaching her bedrock values. In this warm and heartfelt memoir, Yolanda Young unfolds stories of innocence and experience, wisdom and redemption, tragedy and deliverance: the strong lessons on which her life and her faith are based. Bracing, funny, and always uplifting, On Our Way to Beautiful will resonate with readers looking for stories of inspiration and faith told with wit and verve. It marks the debut of a fresh new voice of startling wisdom.
 id : 241253 ISBN : 0877017506  | name : In the Victorian Style  |  description : A comprehensive homage to the eloquence and endurance of San Francisco's Victorian architecture, that encompasses both urban and architectural history, as well as a room-by-room tour of Victorian interiors, the building and servicing of a Victorian home, and how residents today are modifying the ada
 id : 241254 ISBN : 0877015139  | name : The Cottage Book  |  description : Shows and describes cottages in the San Francisco area, and briefly recounts the history of the cottage
 id : 241255 ISBN : 0811817865  | name : Observations from the Bar  |  description : Throughout jazz history there have been nightclubs where the music and the atmosphere live on to become legendary, like Minton's in Harlem or Lincoln Gardens in Chicago. In Paris in the late 1940's , it was Aerobleu -- notorious for its all-night jam sessions and its enigmatic owner, Max Morgan. In the heady chaos and excitement of postwar Paris, in a time that was every bit as shadowy, as sensual, as idealistic as it was reported to be, all paths crossed at Aerobleu. Drawn by a feverish mix of music and martinis, Janet Flanner, Hemingway, Picasso, and Bogart all flocked to hear the best jazz this side of Harlem. And when Max Morgon won an old DC-3 in an all-night poker game, Miles Davis and Max Roach were there, giving flight to the music in legendary jam sessions en route to New York, Paris, London, and New Orleans. In the late 1950s, the ever-elusive Max Morgan disappeared, vanishing mysteriously from Havana, leaving behind some of the best jazz ever played and a state of mind that has come to be known as "Aerobleu."
 id : 241256 ISBN : 0743475348  | name : Cry Me A River  |  description : Small-town gossip, bootlegging, the KKK, high school romances, corruption, and greed all play their role in this tightly-written, nonstop suspense story set in 1960s Alabama.
 id : 241257 ISBN : 0811817008  | name : I Want to Take You Higher  |  description : I Want to Take You Higher also features posters, paraphernalia and an illustrated time line (just in case you forgot), as well as classic and previously unpublished images from the greatest rock photographers of the era: Jim Marshall, Baron Wolman, Robert Whitaker, Michael Cooper, Herb Greene, Bob Seidemann and others.
 id : 241260 ISBN : 0345275179  | name : The Two Faces of Tomorrow  |  description : Civilization has grown too complex. A computer is needed that has logic and common sense. It is up to Raymond Dyer and his team to install a super computer on an orbiting satellite and program it to survive.
 id : 241262 ISBN : 0811812618  | name : Horace Bristol  |  description : In the tradition of the great photographic populists Alfred Eisenstaedt and Dorothea Lange, Horace Bristol used his camera to record the human, intimate movements in the grand sweep of history. Bristol's American view included the best and the worst of this century, from poignant images of the urban poor and migrant farm workers during the Depression to the battle scenes of World War II and compelling portraits of post-war Japan and Southeast Asia. One of the first staff photographers for Life magazine, Bristol was tireless in his pursuit of the revelatory image. Wildly prolific in the thirties and forties, he later gave up photography, and his work languished in obscurity for nearly thirty years. Recently rediscovered, Bristol has come to be recognized as one of the most important photographers of the twentieth century. This volume presents over one hundred twenty exquisitely reproduced duotone images by Bristol, ranging from his early San Francisco photographs to his last work, taken in Southeast Asia. Combining aesthetic purity with human interest, Horace Bristol's pioneering photography is imbued with an accuracy, strength of composition, and humility that is as striking today as it was groundbreaking in its time.
 id : 241264 ISBN : 1587213176  | name : Blackberries Got No Thorns  |  description : About Straight from the Heart Writing is a gift from God. I thought I would first publish short stories and next a novel. When I was thirteen, I wrote my first poem. When I was seventeen, I had a poetic thought that was not completed until many years later. Straight from the Heart is a collection of poems written over a period of years. I began writing more frequently from 2003 to 2007, a total of fifty-five poems. My daughter made comments on how much she enjoyed them and that I should write more. . Many of these poems are about my daughter and family. These poems come from deep, heartfelt feelings and points of view. This book is poetry at its finest. It is the poetry of love, triumph, journey, and .life. Coming straight from the heart.
 id : 241266 ISBN : 0192835939  | name : A Tale of a Tub and Other Works  |  description : "A Tale of a Tub" is a work from Swift's earlier years. It is presented here with "The Battle of the Books", "The Mechanical Operation of the Spirit", and "The Additions"
 id : 241267 ISBN : 0140433864  | name : Joseph Andrews/Shamela  |  description : In "Joseph Andrews," footboy Joseph loses his place when he rejects Lady Booby's advances, commencing a comic odyssey of robbery, poverty, and sexual viciousness; and in "Shamela," the author extends the parody of Samuel Richardson's "Pamela" begun in "Joseph Andrews."
 id : 241268 ISBN : 0198711379  | name : Popular Fiction by Women, 1660-1730  |  description : Though strikingly varied in narrative format and purpose, ranging as they do from the erotic and sensational to the sentimental and pious, they offer a distinct fictional approach to the moral and social issues of the age from a female standpoint.
 id : 241269 ISBN : 0064440176  | name : The Case of the Cat's Meow  |  description : The four members of the Private Eyes Club—Skinny, Wizard, Snitch, and Tubby—solve the baffling case of the missing cat.
 id : 241270 ISBN : 0789434407  | name : Shark Attack!  |  description : Describes the nearly disastrous encounter of a spear-fisherman with a shark off the coast of Australia.
 id : 241271 ISBN : 0887434126  | name : I Want to be a Clown  |  description : A little man rides to town on the train and shows the people what he will do when he is a clown.
 id : 241272 ISBN : 0816731993  | name : Sonic the Hedgehog  |  description : Sonic, a blue super-fast hedgehog, and his Uncle Chuck confront Robotnik and his robots who want to make having fun illegal.
 id : 241275 ISBN : 081181355X  | name : Wine Country Bike Rides  |  description : California's famous wine country offers both casual and serious bicyclists spectacular views, charming small towns, celebrated cafs, and, of course, many of the finest and most beautiful wineries in the country. But finding the best rides hasn't been easy -- until Wine Country Bike Rides. For a romantic Sunday date or a relaxing family outing, for day-trippers or die-hard cyclists, here are more than 20 perfect rides through the backroads and countryside of Napa, Sonoma, and Mendocino counties. Complete with an easy-to-follow map of each route and detailed information about more than 100 wineries and other sights along the way -- plus convenient places to rent bikes, eat, and stay the night -- this helpful guide includes all you need for a wine country visit that's refreshing for both body and soul.
 id : 241276 ISBN : 067125121x  | name : Kane & Abel  |  description : To mark the 30th anniversary of his international bestseller, Archer has re-written this story of redemption and revenge, fortune and fate, for a new generation of readers. Available in a tall Premium Edition. Reissue.
 id : 241279 ISBN : 0671508962  | name : Jane Fonda's Workout Book  |  description : Describes Jane Fonda's philosophy of well-being, and includes her fitness program, which is designed to burn calories, improve body shape, and increase stamina and flexibility
 id : 241282 ISBN : 0743246470  | name : It's Still the Economy, Stupid  |  description : Reprising the theme of his bestselling "Is Our Children Learning?, " Begala returns to Texas to investigate George W. Bush, this time focusing on his business record.
 id : 241283 ISBN : 0910309191  | name : The X-rated Bible  |  description : Incest, rape, adultery, exhibitionism, prostitution, homosexuality, abortion, mate swapping, bestiality -- it's all there in the book held sacred by three of the world's major religions. Originally published to reveal the hypocrisy of fundamentalists' attempts to censor and suppress the kind of material found throughout their own scriptures, The X-Rated Bible quickly became the American Atheist Press's most notorious and best-selling book. It garnered media attention due to its title, subject matter (with chapters like "Lot Knocks Up Both His Daughters," and "Noah Gets Drunk and Exposes Himself"), and association with publisher Madalyn Murray O'Hair, famous atheist and publicity hound. This redesigned, corrected, and expanded edition will reintroduce the controversial publication that unblushingly confronts the dirty parts of the Holy Bible.
 id : 241285 ISBN : 0813913365  | name : The Bill of Rights  |  description : Reproduction of the Bill of Rights with two articles not ratified by Congress.
 id : 241286 ISBN : 0811814513  | name : Heirloom Gardens  |  description : In this book, easy-to-follow directions include practical tips for growing antique varieties, indoors and out. Lavishly illustrated with full-color photographs, and complete with a mail-order sourcelist for ordering heirloom seeds and plants, this book will delight gardeners and cooks alike.
 id : 241287 ISBN : 0534249965  | name : Public Policy in the United States  |  description : Clearly organized, this book uses policy process as a framework for examining the central policy concerns of economics, foreign and defense policy, poverty and welfare, the environment, health, criminal justice, and education. It provides tools for evaluating the development of public policy in terms of policy process, political characteristics, ideology, policy goals, and policy solutions.
 id : 241289 ISBN : 188712859X  | name : Cool for You  |  description : Why can't I live right now. Because I am not rich, I am not a saint. But I do know this: not all of us were sent here to work. The first published novel of legendary poet and performer Eileen Myles follows a queer female growing up in working-class Boston, straining against the institutions that hold her: family, Catholic school, jobs at a camp, at a nursing home, at a school for developmentally disabled adult males. Free-ranging and deadpan, tragic and joyful, this is a book about women, gender, class, bodies, escape, and what it means to be "inside."
 id : 241291 ISBN : 0394579356  | name : When Work Disappears  |  description : For the first time in the 20th century, the majority of adults in the inner cities are not working. In an important and long-awaited study, one of the country's leading sociologists, the acclaimed author of The Truly Disadvantaged, analyzes the disappearance of work and its effects on the inner city of Chicago.
 id : 241294 ISBN : 1590800966  | name : Crumbs in the Keyboard  |  description : Eighty authors come together with words of wisdom, encouragement, humor, and true-life stories of what it is like to juggle the demands of a career and maintaining relationships with those around them. Proceeds benefit The Center for Women and Families, which in turn benefits those affected by domestic violence.
 id : 241295 ISBN : 0759902666  | name : A Portrait in Time  |  description : (Time-Travel Romance) Trey Dalton is having a very bad day. Someone is trying to destroy his plantation, his mettlesome aunt has come to visit, and some strange woman has appeared on his doorstep spouting some nonsense about coming from the future.
 id : 241296 ISBN : 0395259479  | name : The Age of Uncertainty  |  description : The distinguished diplomat and economist surveys the ideas and influence of economists and social philosophers, from Adam Smith's day to the present, contrasting the certainties in nineteenth-century economic thought with the uncertainty of today's
 id : 241297 ISBN : 0446674761  | name : Investing for the Financially Challenged  |  description : For those who suffer from "investaphobia, " this honest and concise primer cuts through the jargon and offers sensible, easy-to-understand investment advice.
 id : 241299 ISBN : 0256033188  | name : Managerial Accounting  |  description : The author introduces concepts of managerial firm foundation and provides definitions of key terms. The leader is assisted by the inclusion of learning objectives, glossaries and summaries. A chapter on quantitative methods is provided, which discusses linear programming, inventory control, probabilty and expected value.
 id : 241301 ISBN : 0198775024  | name : Game Theory  |  description : Covering all the essential topics for undergraduate courses, this is the ideal student introduction to game theory. The book sets out the basics of the subject in a non-technical way. All discussion and explanation is clear, well structured, and entirely accessible to students of botheconomics and business.In addition to describing and explaining the basic theory, Game Theory uses illustrations and examples to show its application to realistic, topical, and interesting problems-ranging from strategic decision-making within companies to international environmental policy-making.The book also features exercises with accompanying solutions to allow the student to check progress throughout the course, and a guide to further reading at the end of each chapter.
 id : 241302 ISBN : 0312061900  | name : American Public Policy  |  description : This text is organized around 11 major areas of public policy. It is a core text for an issue-orientated approach to public policy, and it can serve as a companion to a theory-orientated or process-orientated text in policy making. This edition features updates of each substantive area of public-policy to cover debates about issues such as national health care, hurtful speech and new problems in foreign policy.
 id : 241304 ISBN : 1563245590  | name : Health Care Politics and Policy in America  |  description : "Well written and easily understood". -- Choice "There was a need for a book that synthesizes the American political structures and variables that produce health care politics, and this book provides such a synthesis". -- American Politics
 id : 241305 ISBN : 013442591X  | name : Policy Choices and Public Action  |  description : Written from an interdisciplinary perspective, this text takes a problem-solving approach to critical, public policy problems that persist in society. The book examines the processes by which policies are developed, implemented, managed and changed.
 id : 241306 ISBN : 0205120563  | name : Management and Organizational Behavior  |  description : This text focuses on the nature of management, management history, the manager's environment and ethics and social responsibility. It introduces the management process, discusses management and individual behaviour, management and group behaviour and behaviour at the organizational level.
 id : 241308 ISBN : 0070609772  | name : American Constitutional Law  |  description : AMERICAN CONSTITUTIONAL LAW: Introduction and Case Studies is written, edited and designed specifically for the one-semester course on constitutional law. Through a technique of selecting opinions to do double-duty by simultaneously illustrating substantive constitutional developments and judicial approaches to policy formulation, this tightly-organized case/textbook is both comprehensive and economical in its coverage of constitutional law and the Supreme Court.
 id : 241312 ISBN : 0256160724  | name : Urban Economics  |  description : Bringing urban issues into a modern microeconomic framework, this work uses basic economic analysis to explain why cities exist, where they develop, how they grow and how various activities are arranged within them. Census data is incorporated into the text, and used in charts and tables.
 id : 241314 ISBN : 0670880205  | name : Sweet Charity?  |  description : "The resurgence of charity has to be a good thing, doesn't it? No, says sociologist Janet Poppendieck, not when stopgap charitable efforts replace consistent public policy, and poverty continues to grow. In Sweet Charity?, Poppendieck goes behind the scenes of America's hunger relief programs to assess the effectiveness of these home-grown efforts and to track the shift away from entitlements in the nation's response to poverty and hunger." "Traveling the country to work in soup kitchens and gleaning centers, the author reports from the front lines. We hear from the "clients," who endure endless humiliations as they receive meals too small to feed their families; from the well-meaning volunteers, whose enthusiasm cannot overcome the underlying causes of all the misery they witness; and from the directors, who find that their programs are becoming more and more "successful" but wonder if they are not in some way contributing to the very problem they are working so hard to solve."--BOOK JACKET.Title Summary field provided by Blackwell North America, Inc. All Rights Reserved
 id : 241315 ISBN : 081180870X  | name : Randolph Delehanty's Ultimate Guide to New Orleans  |  description : The ultimate guide to the ultimate Southern destination, Randolph Delehanty's Ultimate Guide to New Orleans unfolds this elegant town with a wealth of informed recommendations, in-depth walking tours, fascinating histories, and vivid descriptions. Taking a new approach to this city steeped in centuries, the author of the oft-consulted and much-praised San Francisco: The Ultimate Guide explores New Orleans's meandering alleys and glamorous promenades on foot, offering, as always, a ready opinion and a keen insider's eye for interesting details. Helpful maps and notes on where to stay and what to see, combined with local anecdotes, culinary hot spots, and special interest tours, make this book the key to savoring the Crescent City's many pleasures.
 id : 241319 ISBN : 0672311151  | name : Teach Yourself Microsoft Word 97 in 24 Hours  |  description : Jones enables readers to quickly become productive with the latest version of Microsoft Word. This is a basic training manual, aimed at the beginner, which also details changes from earlier versions and includes tips for more experienced users
 id : 241320 ISBN : 067231116X  | name : Teach Yourself Microsoft Excel 97 in 24 Hours  |  description : Sams Teach Yourself Microsoft Excel 97 in 24 Hours shows you how to create eye-catching spreadsheets with ease. Features include an enhanced ChartWizard and increased connectivity which makes collaboration on work projects much easier. Whether you're a novice or an accomplished user, you'll learn to take full advantage of Excel 97's enhanced features and be productive in the least amount of time possible.
 id : 241321 ISBN : 1577481046  | name : Florence Nightingale  |  description : The life of Florence Nightingale is explored in this Young Reader's ChristianLibrary title. Illustrations are found on every other page.
 id : 241322 ISBN : 0521435188  | name : In Search of Respect  |  description : In this compelling study of the crack business in East Harlem, Philippe Bourgois argues that a cultural struggle for respect has led some residents of 'El Barrio' away from the legal job market, and into a downward spiral of crime and poverty. During his many years living in the neighborhood, Bourgois eventually gained the confianza of enough Barrio residents to present their hopes, plans, and disappointments in their own words. The result is an engaging and often disturbing look at the problems of the inner-city, America's greatest domestic failing.
 id : 241324 ISBN : 0385230915  | name : Crimewarps  |  description : “. . . [O]f value to anyone interested in understanding crime and trying to stop it.”—Governor Mario M. Cuomo This explosive and thought-provoking investigation goes to the heart of America’s fear of crime, takes on the most common myths, and sets them straight. How safe are we? Here are Crimewarp’s startling conclusions: • The odds are twice as great that you will commit suicide this year than be murdered. • It is 32 times more likely that you will be involved in a car crash than become the victim of a violent street crime. • A woman is twice as likely to die of heart disease than be raped. Criminologist Georgette Bennett uses the latest statistics to predict these and other dramatic changes in future of crime. “[This] highly regarded book analyzes the ripple effect of intersecting new social forces in changing the nature of crime and society’s changing responses to crime.”—The Washington Post “A groundbreaking book, solidly researched, but easy to digest.”—Kirkus Reviews
 id : 241326 ISBN : 0060912154  | name : The Hidden Malpractice  |  description : Documents past and present discriminatory practices centering on the medical profession's attitudes toward birth control, childbirth, breast cancer, and the menopause
 id : 241329 ISBN : 067346962X  | name : City Politics  |  description : Judd, Dennis R., Swanstrom, Todd, City Politics: Private Power Public Policy, 3rd Edition*\ Praised for its narrative style, strong research base, and distinctive theme-that urban politics in the U.S. has evolved as a dynamic interaction between governmental power and private purposes-the new edition of this #1 book is the most extensive revision yet. It has been updated to include preliminary data from the 2000 census, information about urban partisan movements and a new chapter on urban sprawl. Three primary themes are woven throughout the text: the imperative of growth; the challenge of governance; and the politics of secession. For those interested in urban politics and studies.
 id : 241330 ISBN : 0896083292  | name : Regulating the Lives of Women  |  description : Praised widely as an outstanding contribution to social welfare and feminist scholarship, as well as political advocacy, Regulating the Lives of Women tells the story of social welfare from women's perspectives. The critical new insights in this new edition of Regulating the Lives of Women will appeal to policymakers, activists, academics, and general readers interested in social welfare, sociology, women's labor, and African-American Studies.
 id : 241331 ISBN : 1561341193  | name : Taking Sides  |  description : This debate-style reader is designed to introduce students to controversies in politics. The readings represent the arguments of authors such as Ronald Dworkin, Robert W. Lee, and Carl T. Bogus.This expanded version will contain all the content of the thirteenth edition, plus 2 additional issues:"Is a New Majority Emerging in the Democratic Party?" and "Are School Vouchers Compatible with the First Amendment?"Taking Sides titles are supported by the student Web site, Dushkin Online (www.dushkin.com/online/), where study tips and links to related Web sites can be found.
 id : 241332 ISBN : 0205156207  | name : Community Organizing in a Diverse Society  |  description : This is a collection of discussions of the social, political, economic and cultural problems currently facing the major communities of colour in the USA. Each chapter focuses on a specific community, and the chapter authors are members of the communities about which they write.
 id : 241333 ISBN : 039395403X  | name : Microeconomics  |  description : Broader and more varied in its coverage than other books of readings at the intermediate level, this volume provides a balance between theoretical presentations, case studies, articles using empirical evidence, and papers that apply economic principles to real-world situations.
 id : 241334 ISBN : 0896084825  | name : Streets of Hope  |  description : Using the Dudley Street Neighborhood Initiative in Boston's most impoverished neighborhood as a case stuudy, the authors show how effective organizing reinforces neighborhood leadership, encourages grassroots power and leads to successful public-private partnerships and comprehensive community development.--Prof. Norman Krumholz
 id : 241338 ISBN : 0805048456  | name : Sacred Journeys  |  description : Explores the twelve stages common to all pilgrimages and describes sites, temples, landscapes, and shrines around the world, including Tibet, Angkor Wat in Cambodia, and Croagh Patrick in Ireland
 id : 241340 ISBN : 0385490437  | name : Genesis  |  description : A discussion of the many great stories found in the Book of Genesis in the Bible.
 id : 241341 ISBN : 0819218480  | name : A Guide to Monastic Guest Houses  |  description : The 4th edition of our best-selling guide to accommodations in monasteries. Includes addresses, contact information, and details about each location.
 id : 241342 ISBN : 069103785X  | name : Social Policy in the United States  |  description : Reforming health care, revamping the welfare system, preserving or cutting Social Security, creating employment programs for displaced employees, and revising U.S. social programs to help working parents with children - all of these endeavors and more are part of ongoing national debates about the future of social policy in the United States. In this wide-ranging collection of essays, renowned social scientist Theda Skocpol shows how historical understanding, centered on U.S. governmental institutions and shifting political alliances, can illuminate the limits and possibilities of American social policymaking both past and present.
 id : 241343 ISBN : 0517885174  | name : Sanctuaries  |  description : People of all kinds are continuing to visit monasteries and other places dedicated to spiritual regeneration and renewal. This book provides coverage of the entire country with full details on accommodation, prices, and facilities
 id : 241345 ISBN : 039331572X  | name : Boomerang  |  description : Skocpol (government and sociology, Harvard U.) explores the changing currents of domestic U.S. politics through the prism of the defeat of President Clinton's comprehensive health care plan. She argues that the defeat reflected the success of Reaganite conservative tactics which switched from direct attacks on social programs to a fiscal starvation in the name of lower taxes. Annotation copyrighted by Book News, Inc., Portland, OR
 id : 241347 ISBN : 0156347113  | name : The General Theory of Employment, Interest, and Money  |  description : Keynes profoundly influenced the New Deal and created the basis for classic economic theory. “I can think of no single book that has so changed the conception held by economists as to the working of the capitalist system” (Robert L. Heilbroner). Index.
 id : 241348 ISBN : 0785813241  | name : Heavenly Powers  |  description : The ancient Jewish spiritual tradition of Kabbalah is shown to be far more than an otherworldly, occult way of knowledge -- it is a direct, often revolutionary response to the tyranny of earthly potentates and kings.
 id : 241349 ISBN : 039472657X  | name : Capital  |  description : The first volume of Marx's monumental study of production in the highly advanced industrial England of the nineteenth century is the only volume to be completed and edited by Marx himself. The book's significance is vast.
 id : 241351 ISBN : 0684836998  | name : SACRED JOURNEYS IN A MODERN WORLD  |  description : The author of "Soul and Sensuality" guides readers on sacred pilgrimages to eight spiritually significant destinations: the Ganges in India; St. Catherine's on Mt. Sinai; Big Sur in California; and more. 40 color photos.
 id : 241352 ISBN : 0669243760  | name : Major Problems in American Urban History  |  description : This volume offers an exciting examination of the nation' s urban development, reflecting historians' awareness of the city' s pivotal role in the unfolding of American history.
 id : 241353 ISBN : 1572302496  | name : The Web of Text and the Web of God  |  description : Technology's influence upon our sense of self and our consciousness of the world around us has been a subject of increasing concern in recent years. Offering a provocative new perspective, this deeply personal book by the late Alan C. Purves, renowned literacy scholar and English educator, embraces as its focus the electronic medium known as hypertext. Elucidating vital connections between the written word and how human beings think, communicate, and worship, Purves thoughtfully examines how this new kind of writing has led to a new relationship between reader and text. The book engagingly draws upon hypertextual writing strategies to probe the ways conventions of authorship, narrative, and textually based religious traditions are transformed. Also considered is the impact of electronic networks upon human communities, including communities of faith.
 id : 241355 ISBN : 1567311474  | name : The West  |  description : Eliot Porter has photographed the American West throughout his long and illustrious career, finding in this region one of the purest expressions of our natural environment--its fragile balance as well as its power and majesty. Although his classic Sierra Club publications, among them books on Glen Canyon, Summer Island in Maine, and Baja California, have enhanced the appreciation of this vast region for generations of Americans, until now no single book has conveyed the depth and stirring scope of his vision. For this inspirational portfolio, New York Graphic Society Books has drawn extensively on the artist's personal archive (all but a handful of images have never been published before) to create the quintessential view of Eliot Porter's West. Indeed, this volume encompasses the entire region, from the area around Porter's home in Santa Fe to the precipice of Big Sur, from the canyonlands and the saguaro deserts to the peak of Mount Rainier. Whether photographing a lovely detail of wildflowers on a mountainside or the "silver ribbon" of the Colorado River as it courses through the breathtaking panorama of the Grand Canyon, Porter never fails to communicate his passion for the natural world via his impeccable eye for color and form.
 id : 241356 ISBN : 1853022349  | name : Sustainable Cities  |  description : Tackles two issues of immediate public concern: sustainable environmental development and urban development. The themes of the book are illustrated throughout with in-depth material and case studies, and are approached from a variety of perspectives: economic, ecological and managerial.
 id : 241357 ISBN : 0517147521  | name : Georgia O'Keeffe  |  description : O'Keeffe's paintings of roses, cactus flowers, poppies, lillies, jimson weed, orchids, iris, zinnias, petunias, tulips, and morning glories
 id : 241359 ISBN : 0062508865  | name : Muhammad  |  description : This vivid and detailed biography strips away centuries of distortion and myth and presents a balanced view of the man whose religion continues to dramatically affect the course of history.
 id : 241364 ISBN : 0811815404  | name : The Hot Flash Cookbook  |  description : "A delicious offering of recipes based on vitamin-rich foods containing naturally occurring estrogen. Featuring fresh and wholesome ingredients such as fresh herbs, root vegetables, nuts, and fish."--Back cover.
 id : 241365 ISBN : 0767901053  | name : Crooked Cucumber  |  description : Shunryu Suzuki is known to countless readers as the author of the modern spiritual classic Zen Mind, Beginner's Mind. This most influential teacher comes vividly to life in Crooked Cucumber, the first full biography of any Zen master to be published in the West. To make up his intimate and engrossing narrative, David Chadwick draws on Suzuki's own words and the memories of his students, friends, and family. Interspersed with previously unpublished passages from Suzuki's talks, Crooked Cucumber evokes a down-to-earth life of the spirit. Along with Suzuki we can find a way to "practice with mountains, trees, and stones and to find ourselves in this big world."
 id : 241366 ISBN : 0811210480  | name : Thomas Merton in Alaska  |  description : The author shares hiw views on prayer, religious life, the priestly tradition, and spiritual growth.
 id : 241367 ISBN : 0060654872  | name : The Other Side of the Mountain  |  description : With the election of a new Abbot at the Abbey of Gethsemani, Merton enters a period of unprecedented freedom, culminating in the opportunity to travel to California, Alaska, and finally the Far East – journeys that offer him new possibilities and causes for contemplation. In his last days at the Abbey of Gethsemani, Merton continues to follow the tumultuous events of the sixties, including the assassinations of Martin Luther King, Jr., and Robert Kennedy. In Southeast Asia, he meets the Dalai Lama and other Buddhist and Catholic monks and discovers a rare and rewarding kinship with each. The final year is full of excitement and great potential for Merton, making his accidental death in Bangkok, at the age of fifth-three, all the more tragic.
 id : 241370 ISBN : 0764501372  | name : MORE Word 97 for Windows? For Dummies?  |  description : If you've used the latest version of Microsoft's best-selling word processing program, you know that the enhancements are more than skin-deep. Sure, Word 97 features a spiffed-up user interface and an animated paper-clip-with-eyes Office Assistant named Clipit, but Word 97 also has plenty of typographic, Web publishing, and other powerful capabilities. MORE Word 97 For Windows For Dummies picks up where Word 97 For Windows For Dummies left off to show you how to Cut down on typos and polish your grammar with the Word 97 automated tools Set up styles and templates for consistently attractive documents Mail merge for highly customized, highly targeted direct mailings Build great-looking, easy-to-read tables Add graphics and format documents with multicolumn layouts Publish Word documents on the World Wide Web or on your organization's private intranet Generate accurate tables of contents, authorities, and figures; indexes; end notes; and other document elements -- automatically Cobble together long documents with parts by multiple authors quickly and easily by using the Word 97 Master Document feature Unleash the Word 97 program's full potential by creating your own macros (and protect yourself from macro viruses unleashed by nefarious hackers)
 id : 241372 ISBN : 0762701870  | name : Journey to the Northern Rockies  |  description : Part travelogue, part history, and part guidebook, this enthusiast's travel resource covers three distinct areas of the Northern Rockies, providing inspiring and informative reading as well as detailed listings of sights and services. Annotation copyrighted by Book News, Inc., Portland, OR
 id : 241373 ISBN : 1569751420  | name : Hidden Cancún & the Yucatán  |  description : Covering Mexico's most popular resort destination, as well as Mayan towns, archaeological sites, and natural areas, Richard Harris reflects and embraces the contradictions of traveling in this remarkable area known for its beaches, yet enshrined in its history and genuine travel gems. 18 maps.
 id : 241374 ISBN : 0898865441  | name : Michigan State Parks  |  description : Michigan's state park system is a diverse collection of virgin forests, dramatic sand dunes, and clear lakes. This updated guide offers information on camping, hiking, paddling, cycling, skiing, fishing, and swimming, plus expanded coverage of mountain biking.
 id : 241376 ISBN : 0385262094  | name : City  |  description : By mostly watching people the author describes and analyzes the city and its people and the effect each makes on the other.
 id : 241377 ISBN : 0195056892  | name : City Lights  |  description : The second edition of this successful urban studies text has been fully updated to highlight issues facing cities in an ever-shrinking global society. Skillfully blending perspectives from the social sciences with insights from the visual arts and humanities, this lively and imaginative text provides a comprehensive introduction to cities and how they work. Focusing on the U.S. city, it covers the major traditional topics, including urbanization and suburbanization, the two faces of community, spatial and social structure, economic base, and decision-making. In addition, the revised edition treats such specialized topics as personal space, and the impact of new technologies on architecture and politics. Phillips takes the point of view that what you see depends on how you look at it and how you define an urban problem determines its solution. In systematic fashion, she shows how scholarly controversy and public debates over urban policy are rooted in deep-seated differences: differences in political ideologies, research methods, theoretical orientations, academic disciplines, and/or levels of analysis. Phillips starts from several basic premises: no one has cornered the truth about cities (or anything else); even the loneliest town is linked in a worldwide system due to the urban-global interlock, and things urban-suburban are best understood in a broader context from an interdisciplinary outlook. The book offers numerous case studies, photoessays, examples, and firsthand accounts of such interesting and timely subjects as ethnic identity, ZIP codes as neighborhoods, big cities in poor countries, women's space, alternative urban-suburban futures, multiculturalism, temporary or contingent work, the entanglement of race and class, gated communities, and local fiscal crisis, placing these issues in broad analytical contexts. Developed and tested in the classroom, this rich and highly readable text features a wide range of illustrative materials and learning aids. Projects in each chapter and the books evenhanded approach to a variety of perspectives encourage students to develop their personal acquaintance with and knowledge about urban life. Excerpts from classic works, lists of key terms, and suggestions for further learning make this book a valuable tool for students in urban studies and a variety of urban-oriented courses, particularly urban sociology, city planning, urban politics, and urban history.
 id : 241380 ISBN : 0060536993  | name : Oxymoronica  |  description : ox-y-mor-on-i-ca (OK-se-mor-ON-uh-ca) noun, plural: Any variety of tantalizing, self-contradictory statements or observations that on the surface appear false or illogical, but at a deeper level are true, often profoundly true. See also oxymoron, paradox. examples: "Melancholy is the pleasure of being sad." Victor Hugo "To lead the people, walk behind them." Lao-tzu "You'd be surprised how much it costs to look this cheap." Dolly Parton You won't find the word "oxymoronica" in any dictionary (at least not yet) because Dr. Mardy Grothe introduces it to readers in this delightful collection of 1,400 of the most provocative quotations of all time. From ancient thinkers like Confucius, Aristotle, and Saint Augustine to great writers like Shakespeare, Oscar Wilde, and G. B. Shaw to modern social observers like Woody Allen and Lily Tomlin, Oxymoronica celebrates the power and beauty of paradoxical thinking. All areas of human activity are explored, including love, sex and romance, politics, the arts, the literary life, and, of course, marriage and family life. The wise and witty observations in this book are as highly entertaining as they are intellectually nourishing and are sure to grab the attention of language lovers everywhere.
 id : 241382 ISBN : 0395850878  | name : Winter Hours  |  description : What good company Mary Oliver is the Los Angeles Times has remarked. And never more so than in this extraordinary and engaging gathering of nine essays, accompanied by a brief selection of new prose poems and poems. (One of the essays has been chosen as among the best of the year by The Best Amer
 id : 241383 ISBN : 0471173991  | name : Do It Now!  |  description : Dr. William J. Knaus's awareness/action approach has helped thousands of people overcome the adverse effects of procrastination. Now, this completely revised and updated edition of his classic bestseller can help you identify the root causes of your particular problem and develop a workable action plan to regain control of your life. Based on the latest research, Do It Now! includes: * The Procrastination Inventory--a self-test to help you identify personal behavior patterns * The six classic procrastination styles and how to overcome them * Dozens of helpful exercises and strategies--plus special Do It Now! tips "Don't procrastinate on reading this book and using its methods!" --Albert Ellis, Ph.D., President Albert Ellis Institute for Rational Emotive Behavior Therapy "This compelling book goes beyond procrastination and addresses a general style of life that points the way to less stress, more satisfaction, and greater achievement." --Arnold A. Lazarus, Ph.D., ABPP Distinguished Professor Emeritus, Rutgers University Coauthor, The 60-Second Shrink "Better than the excellent original. Must reading for all professionals and laypersons interested in the procrastination habit."-- Richard C. Springthall, Ph.D. Director of Graduate Studies, American International College Coauthor, Educational Psychology. "By following Dr. Knaus's simple, elegant, and tested ideas, you'll get more of the rewards of life and create a more productive, powerful you." --Joseph Gerstein, Ph.D., FACP Harvard Medical School
 id : 241384 ISBN : 088001248X  | name : Ararat  |  description : A ruthlessly probing family portrait in verse, Gluck's sixth poetry collection confronts, with devastating irony, her father's hollow life and her mother's inability to express emotion. This might seem like a daughter's belated rebellion, except that these fierce, rock-strong, deeply felt lyrics are steeled by love and understanding.
 id : 241386 ISBN : 2264034866  | name : Maintenant ou jamais  |  description : De 1943 à 1945, durant les deux dernières années de la guerre, une poignée d'hommes et de femmes ont parcouru toute l'Europe, depuis la Biélorussie jusqu'à Milan. Pour fuir ? Non, pour se battre. Juifs russes et polonais, ils allaient conquérir au péril de leur vie une dignité nouvelle. Derrière eux, ils laissaient les ghettos, le souvenir des anciens pogroms, de familles exterminées par les nazis. Devant les attendait la Palestine. Certes, il faudrait lutter encore pour devenir des citoyens à part entière. Mais c'était " maintenant ou jamais ". Ils l'avaient décidé, ce serait maintenant. Fondée sur des documents et témoignages authentiques, l'admirable fresque de Primo Levi nous entraîne dans les coulisses de l'histoire officielle, à la rencontre de héros anonymes dont la foi souleva des montagnes. Avant de se donner la mort en 1987, Primo Levi, rescapé d'Auschwitz, tint à leur rendre ce bouleversant hommage.
 id : 241387 ISBN : 0972952942  | name : Disinformation Book of Lists  |  description : In this resource that delves into unusual and offbeat subjects in politics, business, and science, facts and references are provided on lists that cover such topics as scenes that were cut from movies and members of the Skull & Bones secret society at Yale.
 id : 241388 ISBN : 2070362280  | name : En Un Combat Douteux  |  description : - Le soleil va bientôt se coucher. A la nuit, ceux de la ville vont peut-être laisser passer nos hommes, mais nous, ils nous arrêteront. Ils veulent notre peau. Alors, je veux que tu t'en ailles, dès que la nuit tombera, et que tu retournes en ville. - Pourquoi ? Mac le regarda de côté, puis fixa de nouveau son regard sur le sol. - Quand je t'ai amené ici, dit-il, je croyais que j'étais très fort, et je suis persuadé maintenant que tu en vaux dix comme moi, Jim. S'il m'arrive quelque chose, on trouvera facilement vingt types qui pourront me remplacer. Mais toi, tu as du génie pour ce genre de travail. Le parti ne peut pas te sacrifier ainsi ; pour une petite grève de rien du tout. Ce ne serait pas raisonnable.
 id : 241389 ISBN : 0380976196  | name : Bruce Springsteen: Songs  |  description : Commemorating Bruce Springsteen's twenty-five years as a recording artist, here is a panoramic view of his career in a form never seen before. This is the complete collection of Bruce Springsteen's recorded lyrics, illustrated with hundreds of never-before-published images from some of rock & roll journalism's greatest photographers, including Annie Leibovitz, David Gahr, Lynn Goldsmith, Bruce Weber, and many others. From Jim Marchese's informal backstage shots during the European leg of the 1980 The River tour to Neal Preston's amazing documentation of the Born in the U.S.A. days to Pam Springsteen's portraits showing a side of the musician rarely seen by the public, this is the most intimate look at Bruce Springsteen ever published. The photos and lyrics are accompanied by original commentary by Springsteen, in which he reflects on the songs, the performances, and the quarter-century career that for many defines the American dream. In words and in pictures, here is the one book no Bruce Springsteen fan can afford to be without.
 id : 241391 ISBN : 2070411133  | name : Géopolitique du chaos  |  description : Le rythme précipité et la profondeur des transformations de tous ordres, en cette fin de millénaire, stupéfient. La mondialisation de l'économie bouleverse tout, stimulée par l'accélération des technologies de l'information. Le marché et la communication s'imposent comme modèles généraux ayant vocation à transformer toutes les activités humaines. Etats-nations, gouvernements, partis et syndicats perdent leurs repères traditionnels. Les responsables politiques donnent l'impression de ne pas être à la hauteur, de ne point comprendre qu'ils vivent un radical changement d'ère. Les Etats-Unis, superpuissance unique, doivent désormais compter sur la rivalité des deux autres pôles : l'Europe et l'Asie-Pacifique. Mais ce triptyque triomphant est à son tour défié par les pays émergents, et par le déferlement des haines ethniques, nationalistes et religieuses qui explosent partout. Il doit également faire face à l'effondrement du Sud où vit 80 % de la population du globe. Dans un monde interdépendant, la protection de l'environnement relève également de la haute politique. Quelles réponses globales à des questions cruciales sur la démographie, la techno-science, l'effet de serre, le sous-développement, le système de sécurité ? A quoi ressemble le nouveau paysage planétaire ? Quels Etats, quelles forces, quels nouveaux paradigmes émergent dans ce contexte ? Quel est le système de pensée dominant ? Quelles nouvelles clés pour comprendre la formidable mutation actuelle ? L'envergure des défis ne doit pas nous faire douter du futur.
 id : 241392 ISBN : 2718605359  | name : Propagandes silencieuses  |  description : Face à la puissance des communications de masse, la question n'est plus : sommes-nous manipulés ? Car la réponse, chacun le sait, est affirmative. Il s'agit désormais de savoir comment nous sommes, mentalement, influencés, contrôlés, conditionnés. Publié en 1980 sous le titre ¤¤Le chewing-gum des yeux¤¤, cet ouvrage est revu par l'auteur qui augmente chaque chapitre d'une réflexion actuelle.
 id : 241393 ISBN : 0452283515  | name : Trash  |  description : Trash, Allison's landmark collection, laid the groundwork for her critically acclaimed Bastard Out of Carolina, the National Book Award finalist that was hailed by The New York Times Book Review as "simply stunning...a wonderful work of fiction by a major talent." In addition to Allison's classic stories, this new edition of Trash features "Stubborn Girls and Mean Stories," an introduction in which Allison discusses the writing of Trash and "Compassion," a never-before-published short story. First published in 1988, the award-winning Trash showcases Allison at her most fearlessly honest and startlingly vivid. The limitless scope of human emotion and experience are depicted in stories that give aching and eloquent voice to the terrible wounds we inflict on those closest to us. These are tales of loss and redemption; of shame and forgiveness; of love and abuse and the healing power of storytelling. A book that resonates with uncompromising candor and incandescence, Trash is sure to captivate Allison's legion of readers and win her a devoted new following.
 id : 241394 ISBN : 2213607060  | name : L'abolition  |  description : Ce livre est le récit d'une longue lutte contre la peine de mort. Il commence au jour de l'exécution de Claude Buffet et de Roger Bontems, le 24 novembre 1972, et s'achève avec le vote de l'abolition, le 30 septembre 1981. Depuis lors, l'abolition s'est étendue à la majorité des Etats dans le monde. Elle est désormais la loi de l'Europe entière. Elle marque un progrès irréversible de l'humanité sur ses peurs, ses angoisses, sa violence. A considérer cependant les exécutions pratiquées aux Etats-Unis, en Chine, en Iran et dans de nombreux autres pays, le combat contre la peine de mort est loin d'être achevé. Puisse l'évocation de ce qui advint en France servir la grande cause de l'abolition universelle. R.B.
 id : 241395 ISBN : 067976349X  | name : The Tetherballs of Bougainville  |  description : From his cult classic, I Smell Esther Williams, to his wildly popular and insightful column "Wild Kingdom" appearing in Esquire magazine every month, Mark Leyner has been giving us up close and personal encounters of the most hilarious kind for over a decade. Now, in his new novel The Tetherballs of Bougainville, Leyner shares with us, long last, the quintessential coming of age story that every writer, at some point, is compelled to tell. In the novel we meet young Mark Leyner, 13-years-old to be exact, as he waits in a New Jersey prison to witness his father's execution. Adolescence is never easy, and it just so happens that this junior high schooler is on deadline to turn in a screenplay for which he has already been awarded the Vincent and Lenore DiGiacomo/Oshimitsu Polymers America Award. And, as it was for all of us during out teenage years, nothing seems to go as planned. Written as autobiography, screenplay and movie review, The Tetherballs of Bougainville twists three familiar narrative forms into an outlandishly compelling story. Leyner's use of the media-driven formats brilliantly reflects our secret, shameful and hilarious desire to experience our private lives as mass entertainment. The Tetherballs of Bougainville skewers and celebrates American pop culture in the late twentieth century. Leyner's version of our lives is so deeply funny because it is so painfully true.
 id : 241396 ISBN : 2228890286  | name : La mécanique des sectes  |  description : Document solide où interviennent droit, criminologie et psychiatrie, domaines que maîtrise l'auteur. Analyse serrée et démonstrative des étapes du conditionnement et de leur résultat avec des aperçus psychologiques sur les gourous, les adeptes et leur relation. Tonique et salubre.
 id : 241397 ISBN : 2266104241  | name : Là-bas si j'y suis  |  description : Cela fait dix ans et plus de 2 000 émissions que Daniel Mermet invite ses auditeurs au voyage, à la réflexion, à la révolte, à la beauté, à la poésie. Durant toutes ces années, un public passionne a suivi son " regard radiographique " et découvert, du Viêt-nam à la Bolivie ou de Saint-Etienne à Vitrolles, un extraordinaire foisonnement d'univers et d'histoires, le fracas du monde ou les surprises du coi de la rue. Mais ce recueil est aussi l'œuvre d'un écrivain, qui a rassemblé et mis en scène le meilleur, le plus sensible et le juste de ces chroniques de notre temps, avec pour devise : "Se mêler de ce qui ne nous regarde pas alors que personne ne nous demande rien". Mermet [...] nous bouscule et nous enchante. Jacques Meunier - "Le Monde des Livres".
 id : 241398 ISBN : 8484323226  | name : Una nueva generación dicta las reglas  |  description : Esta coleccion recoge todas aquellas obras escritas con la voluntad de superar los estrechos limites de la especializacion y del enfoque unilateral para ofrecer, desde una reflexion general e interdisciplinar, respuestas a los grandes desafios intelectuales de nuestro tiempo. La distinguen los nombres de John K. Galbraith, Noam Chomsky, Paul Krugman, Marvin Harris, Edward Luttwak, Amelia Valcarcel o Manuel Vazquez Montalban. Otro brillante analisis de Chomsky para explicarnos como el principio de soberania puede ser descuidado en aras de la defensa de los derechos humanos.
 id : 241399 ISBN : 0971574308  | name : The Plantation  |  description : One by one, in cities across America, people of all ages are taken from their homes, their cars, their lives. But these arent random kidnappings. Theyre crimes of passion, planned and researched several months in advance, then executed with a singular objective in mind. Revenge.
 id : 241400 ISBN : 014027569x  | name : Aunt Dimity Digs in  |  description : While Lori Shepherd struggles to raise her twins, a visiting archaeologist is stirring up old ghosts around town, including a real one, Aunt Dimity, who intervenes to prevent a civil war in the town. Reprint. 25,000 first printing. Tour. K.
 id : 241404 ISBN : 061813218X  | name : A Field Guide to Western Birds  |  description : "The Birder’s Bible" for more than 60 years, Roger Tory Peterson’s classic Field Guide to Western Birds includes all species found in North America west of the 100th meridian and north of Mexico. Featuring the unique Peterson Identification System, Western Birds contains 165 full-color paintings that show more than 1,000 birds from 700 species. Summer and winter ranges, breeding grounds, and other special range data are shown on easy-to-read range maps.
 id : 241405 ISBN : 1884365302  | name : The Jungle  |  description : The uncut version of Upton Sinclair's classic 1906 novel about the shocking working conditions endured by immigrants in early twentieth-century Chicago stockyards and packinghouses.
 id : 241406 ISBN : 1873982682  | name : Bad to the Bone  |  description : Spanish detective Gabriela Gomelez investigates dead cyclists whose brains have been removed. Suspected is a doctor who is dispensing a performance-enhancing drug, and the purpose of brain removal would be to hide one of the drug's side effects, insanity.
 id : 241407 ISBN : 8403092148  | name : Yo, Augusto  |  description : Este libro, que se basa en más de mil entrevistas y la consulta de millares de papeles secretos recientemente desclasificados, es un relato sobre el hombre que sigue ganándose a pulso un lugar en la historia universal de la infamia.
 id : 241408 ISBN : 0811837890  | name : Buzz  |  description : Falling into that irresistible category of things we probably don't want to know, here is an up-close, personal look at insects as you've never seen them before. Striking a balance between the bizarre and the beautiful, Buzz features eye-popping and considerably larger-than-life electron microscope photographs that take us deep into the world of the buzzing, hopping, and crawling critters who live among us -- from the ants and wasps we thought we knew to dozens of other teeny-tiny creatures that teem beneath our notice. A lively and accessible text by Discover editor Josie Glausiusz explores the fascinating interactions of insects in a man-made world, and profiles of each insect introduce the workaday bugs that pollinate our crops, dispose of our trash, help solve crimes, and get stuck to the windshield. Readers be warned: You'll never look at your food, or your pillow, quite the same way again.
 id : 241409 ISBN : 0374523495  | name : Deterring Democracy  |  description : In this highly praised and widely debated book, America's leading dissident intellectual offers a revelatory portrait of the American empire and the danger it poses for democracy, both at home and abroad. Chomsky details the major shift in global politics and economic potency and reveals the potentially catastrophic consequences of this new imbalance.
 id : 241410 ISBN : 0374222150  | name : The Night Country  |  description : A tragic car accident that kills three teens while leaving one hospitalized with brain damage and another suffering with guilt yields more pain one year later when the spirits of the three dead kids return to torment the survivors.
 id : 241412 ISBN : 0880117036  | name : San Francisco Running Guide  |  description : " With nearly a million acres of beautiful parklands, countless breathtaking mountain and canyon trails, spectacular cityscapes around every corner, and hundreds of miles of gorgeous coastline, the toughest part of running in San Francisco may be deciding on a route to explore first. San Francisco Running Guide was written to help make the difficult decision of where to run in the Bay Area an easy one. The book introduces local and visiting runners alike to 35 of the best running routes, plus it gives complete course information about the top 10 races-from 5Ks to marathons-held annually in the Bay Area. For each running route included, the book provides: - an explanation of why it was selected; - a detailed map showing roads and trails to follow on the route; - an icon key that shows route distance, scenery, terrain, hill ratings, and available facilities; - access information that tells how to get to the starting point; - course information that describes every step of the run; and - ""Foot Notes"" that provide additional information to make the run more enjoyable. Author Bob Cooper-a former Running Times executive editor, a competitive runner, and a longtime Bay Area resident-scouted each route himself so runners don't have to waste their own time exploring unsuitable or less-than-enjoyable routes. Visitors running the routes will get to experience the unique beauty of San Francisco and the Bay Area firsthand, while resident runners will discover routes they never knew existed. "
 id : 241414 ISBN : 1579540058  | name : The Fitness Instinct  |  description : The Fitness Instinct represents the most significant breakthrough in fitness theory in decades. Written for all those who have been scared off, intimidated, overwhelmed, or confused by the high-science approach to fitness, this book offers a whole new way to get the exercise you need. Peg Jordan has put more than two decades of research and experience into an 11-step program that is already shaking up the fitness industry.
 id : 241415 ISBN : 1582431140  | name : Far  |  description : Reluctant to take on the traditional female roles of marriage and motherhood, thirtysomething Martha escapes from her Baltimore home and family to take a new job in the small-town South, only to discover that she has alienated herself from her Italian-American family and community. A first novel. 20,000 first printing.
 id : 241416 ISBN : 1565847229  | name : Unequal Partners ; Texte Imprimé  |  description : We know that globalization has sent labor from industrialized countries to the Third World, where workers are paid far less. But do we know the effect of the global market on education, the spread of AIDS, and the costs of basic medicines? In clear detail, Unequal Partners shows how the merger of corporate and governmental interests has sacrificed public health and the environment for profits. The book also provides a blueprint for resistance by describing “globalization from below”: the coalition of movements that has been increasingly effective in influencing corporate and governmental behavior worldwide. Unequal Partners is for anyone who wants to understand how to keep the escalating forces of globalization in check.
 id : 241417 ISBN : 1879181533  | name : PsyEarth Quest  |  description : This far reaching novel is set sometime in the near future when governments have failed to address our rapidly deteriorating environment. A young reporter investigates groups of inspired individuals tackling the problem. In his effort to help resolve an "eco-uprising" from third-world activists, he must learn to think, act and live in harmony with the planet.
 id : 241418 ISBN : 1887166661  | name : Everything Here Is Mine  |  description : Exposing the true origin of the feline species and its plan to rule the world, "Everything Here Is Mine" mixes witty observations, unhelpful advice, and illustrations, all from nationally syndicated cartoonist Hollander.
 id : 241419 ISBN : 0920245781  | name : Give Me My Father's Body  |  description : BIOGRAPHY OF MINIK AND THE STRUGGLE TO RECOVER BONES FROM THE AMERICAN MUSEUM OF NATIVE HISTORY.
 id : 241420 ISBN : 0060956828  | name : The Grrl Genius Guide to Life  |  description : Do you have what it takes to be a Grrl Genius? Of course you do! You are a smart, funny, beautiful Grrl Genius -- just because you say you are. In The Grrl Genius Guide to Life, stand-up comic and Grrl Genius Club founder Cathryn Michon explains why she is a genius and demonstrates how you can become one, too, by following her easy twelve-step program. The first step in the program is the most important: Admit that you are a Grrl Genius. Acknowledge that you are beautiful, intelligent, and talented and that you are the only person in the world who can decide just how great you are. In subsequent steps, you will learn to embrace the domestic arts, love your Grrl Genius good looks, celebrate your sexuality, appreciate your Grrl Genius mother, and pass the Grrl Genius message on to others! Filled with little-known facts about such unacknowledged Grrl Geniuses as Mozart's younger sister Nannerl and Einstein's wife Mileva, as well as hilarious, embarrassing stories from Michon's own life, The Grrl Genius Guide to Life is a must-read for Grrl Geniuses and Enlightened Males everywhere. Michon shares her most humiliating memories -- singing show tunes at her aunt's funeral, crying uncontrollably in an airplane bathroom and holding up the flight -- as well as her moments of triumph, like attending the birth of her niece (a future Grrl Genius) and getting liposuction that not a single human being noticed. This is an uproarious roller-coaster ride through the life of a self-declared Genius -- in which Michon writes about everything from doughnuts to divorce, from physics to push-up bras -- and a comic inspirational guide for those aspiring to Grrl Geniushood. Cathryn Michon is a genius -- just because she says she is. Read her book, and you will become one, too. As with any twelve-step program, becoming a Grrl Genius takes work. All your life you have been telling yourself that your butt is too big, your ideas are too small, and your love for creme-filled doughnuts is inherently evil. With the help of The Grrl Genius Guide to Life, you will learn to recognize your own brilliance, shamelessly proclaim it to the rest of the world, and eat all the Krispy Kreme doughnuts you want. In case you need inspiration, Michon has included numerous Grrl Genius slogans and Little Pink Post-it Notes; in case you get hungry, she has included her recipe for the best chocolate chip cookies in the world. So go on -- take the first step. Read the book that is guaranteed to change your life forever (or at the very least to make you laugh yourself silly) -- and declare your Genius to yourself and the world!
 id : 241424 ISBN : 0440410037  | name : Singer to the Sea God  |  description : It is said that if one stares at the head of Medusa, he or she will turn to stone, but Cleo, not believing the legend, does just that and is instantly tumed into a statue! Now her brother Phaidon and uncle are on a grand adventure that takes them through ancient Greece as they attempt to turn Cleo back into a mortal. Will Phaidon's song to the sea god have the power to bring Cleo back to life?
 id : 241425 ISBN : 0060971134  | name : The Flame Bearers  |  description : Influenced by her grandmother, a young woman named Rae grows up as a member of an ancient goddess-worshipping sect and is chosen to carry their most secret beliefs into a world of family and social rivalry
 id : 241429 ISBN : 1569247145  | name : Doctor Rat  |  description : As the grant-supported, knowledgeable survivor of the most refined scientific experiments, Doctor Rat, Ph.D., dedicates himself to defending mankind against the worldwide rebellions, uprisings, and insurgencies of his fellow animals.
 id : 241431 ISBN : 0971394210  | name : Disinformation  |  description : Collects interviews given on the British television series "Disinformation" by people including Robert Anton Wilson, Grant Morrison, Joe Coleman, Douglas Rushkoff, Peter Russell, and Genesis P-Orridge.
 id : 241432 ISBN : 0674306899  | name : Flying Buttresses, Entropy, and O-rings  |  description : From Teflon to Velcro, from bandwidths to base pairs, the artifacts of engineering and technology reflect the broad scope--and frustrating limitations--of our imagination. Best-selling author James Adams takes readers on an enlightening tour of this exciting world, demystifying such endeavors as design, research, and manufacturing.
 id : 241433 ISBN : 0716704811  | name : Ecology and the Politics of Scarcity  |  description : Based on the author's thesis, Yale, 1973. Includes index. Bibliography: p. [249]-284.
 id : 241434 ISBN : 0394557247  | name : In Every Woman's Life ...  |  description : Three women search for and express new meanings in the old idea that a time must come for every woman to think about marriage.
 id : 241436 ISBN : 1843530570  | name : First-time Around the World  |  description : Planning a trip around the world? The Rough Guide to First-Time Around the World is loaded with the very latest travel information, from visas and insurance to vaccinations and round-the-world tickets. This guidebook will help you design the best possible trip, with tips on using your phone abroad and guidance on which websites, apps, and travel agencies to use to get the best deals and advice. You'll find insightful information on what to pack and which festivals not to miss, how to stay safe and -- perhaps most important -- how to get under the skin of a place and meet the locals in a natural way. In addition to an inspirational, full-color "Things Not to Miss" section, The Rough Guide to First-Time Around the World includes regional profiles and maps to help you plan your route and plenty of practical advice to help you save money. This guide has everything you need to make your trip as enriching and memorable as it should be. Make the most of your time with The Rough Guide to First-Time Around the World. Series Overview: For more than thirty years, adventurous travelers have turned to Rough Guides for up-to-date and intuitive information from expert authors. With opinionated and lively writing, honest reviews, and a strong cultural background, Rough Guides travel books bring more than 200 destinations to life. Visit RoughGuides.com to learn more.
 id : 241440 ISBN : 0553249967  | name : The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes  |  description : He's rude, arrogant, cold, unfriendly, and easily bored. But nobody minds, because Sherlock Holmes is a genius at solving mysteries. This collection of some of Holmes's most intriguing cases includes unabridged tales of blackmail, lost fortunes, and, of course, murder. Reissue.
 id : 241441 ISBN : 0312198337  | name : The Basic Eight  |  description : A satire of teenage life follows cynical soon-to-graduate Flannery Culp on a raucous journey through high school in the 1990s, covering SATs, college applications, friends, boyfriends, tabloid journalism, and TV talk shows. A first novel.
 id : 241442 ISBN : 188364271X  | name : Dance Night  |  description : It is sometime after the turn of the century in Lamptown, Ohio, a working-class town filled with factory girls. Every Thursday night at the Casino Dance Hall above Bauer's Chop House and across the street from Elsinore Abbott's Bon Ton Hat Shop and Bill Delaney's Saloon and Billiard Parlor, women and a few men gather to escape their pedestrian lives in fantasy, and sometimes to live out these fantasies. Observing all are the novel's two young protagonists, Morry, who dreams of becoming an architect and developer, and Jen, an unsentimental orphan of fourteen who, abandoned by her mother, dreams of escape.
 id : 241443 ISBN : 038080042X  | name : West of Rehoboth  |  description : Set in the early 1960s, West of Rehoboth is the moving story of twelve-year-old Edward Massey. Each summer, to escape the heat of Philadelphia, Edward's family moves to Rehoboth Beach, Delaware. The "coloreds only" side of a pristine resort on Rehoboth Beach offers work for his mother and a sandy playground for his sister. But for Edward -- an imaginative, inquisitive boy -- it offers the chance to understand his reclusive, curmudgeonly Uncle Rufus, a man caught in a swirl of hard luck and bad choices. Forging a tenuous bond, their relationship will take Edward on a harrowing journey through Rufus's past, facing the violence, disappointment, and frustration that shaped his destiny. Award-winning author Alexs Pate tells a mesmerizing story -- of family, of coming of age, of reconciliation -- revealing the extraordinary compassion and healing power of one unforgettable boy.
 id : 241444 ISBN : 0805208739  | name : The Complete Stories  |  description : Portrays a dreamlike world in which parables are even more obscure than the novels.
 id : 241445 ISBN : 0446672785  | name : How to Read an Unwritten Language  |  description : Michael Kirby, a sensitive man who collects odd objects to mark the transitions in his life, tries to understand the language of the heart through his relationships to family and lovers. Reprint.
 id : 241446 ISBN : 1885228287  | name : Walk Awhile in My Shoes  |  description : The revolutionary handbook that is actually two books in one! Break down we vs. they beliefs and behaviors while encouraging new levels of understanding, empathy, and cooperation. Use this popular one-of-a-kind book to help everyone as they focus on achieving the organizations mission in a values-based way.
 id : 241447 ISBN : 0399517898  | name : Words of Love  |  description : When Miles Standish wanted to woo Priscilla Mullens, he turned to John Rolfe. As Christian de Neuvillette courted Roxanne, Cyrano de Bergerac was at hand to put the right words in his mouth. Now today's men and women can turn to Words of Love to find tasteful, romantic, elegant ways to express their feelings.
 id : 241452 ISBN : 1843531380  | name : The Rough Guide to Books for Teenagers  |  description : The Rough Guide to Books For Teenagersis a source of inspiration for anyone aged eleven and up. The guide reviews more than 200 great reads, concentrating on fiction, but including graphic novels and narrative non-fiction, and ranging from classics such as Wuthering Heightsto recent bestsellers like The Beachand White Teeth. Designed as a resource for teenagers who love reading, the Rough Guideis also ideal for parents and friends looking for the right book at the right time.
 id : 241453 ISBN : 0642541493  | name : The Edwardians  |  description : This catalogue accompanies the exhibition opening at the National Gallery of Australia in March 2004 that aims to reassess the art of the Edwardian period, focusing in particular on the art of Australia. Among Australia's most loved artists are those who went to Europe at the turn of the 19th century to study and live. Many of them stayed abroad for two decades and, like Australian film stars of today, became absorbed onto the world stage. This book places the work of these artists in the context of the British, Irish and American artists with whom they exhibited and associated, and demonstrates their parallel concerns in painterly approach and subject. Opening with paintings by Whistler, which were so influential on the artists of this period, the exhibition focuses on figurative paintings by select British, Irish, American and Australian artists from 1900 to 1914. It also includes George Lambert's King Edward VII (1910), completed shortly before Edward's death and now held in the Commonwealth of Australia Collection. In total the exhibition comprises approximately 140 paintings, sculptures, costumes and fan designs drawn from national and international collections.
 id : 241454 ISBN : 0141000627  | name : Young Digger  |  description : The dark clouds returned and gathered about the boy. His eyes grew distant, and he began to tremble. He heard not only shells exploding, but the cries of dying men . . . He was stumbling over churned earth, looking into the face of an officer, bloodied red as the poppies, ripped apart in the Flanders mud . . . A small boy, an orphan of the First World War, wanders into the Australian airmen's mess in Germany, on Christmas Day in 1918. A strange boy, with an uncertain past and an extraordinary future, he became a mascot for the air squadron and was affectionately named 'Young Digger'. And in one of the most unusual incidents ever to emerge from the battlefields of Europe after the Great War, this solitary boy was smuggled back to Australia by air mechanic Tim Tovell, a man who cared for the boy so much that he was determined, however risky, to provide Young Digger with a new family and a new life in a new country, far from home. Visit anthonyhillbooks.com
 id : 241455 ISBN : 0743246136  | name : Steel My Soldiers' Hearts  |  description : The commanding officer of an infantry battalion in Vietnam in 1969 recounts how he took over a demoralized unit of ordinary draftees and turned it into an elite fighting force, and describes its accomplishments.
 id : 241457 ISBN : 0853429766  | name : The Field  |  description : The Field is John B. Keane's fierce and tender study of the love a man can have for land and the ruthless lengths he will go to in order to obtain the object of his desire. It is dominated by Bull McCabe, one of the most famous characters in Irish writing today. An Oscar-nominated adaptation of The Field proved highly successful and popular worldwide, and starred Richard Harris, John Hurt, Brenda Fricker and Tom Berenger.
 id : 241459 ISBN : 0307105067  | name : Blue's Fruit Field Trip!  |  description : Blue and her friends are headed to the fruit market! After picking out their favorite fruits, they return to school to draw all the foods they could make with them. Two pages of scented stickers make this book look and smell delicious! Simple recipes on the back cover show kids how to make lemonade ice cubes and peanut butter and banana sandwiches!
 id : 241462 ISBN : 1876719567  | name : BLD  |  description : A recipe book to take to the kitchen, to spatter with olive oil and mark with sticky fingers, to enjoy, and to come back to time and again. The recipes are conveniently divided into dishes that can be served for breakfast, lunch or dinner, with simple snacks for any occasion in between.
 id : 241463 ISBN : 0864119917  | name : Bill's Sydney Food  |  description : This work explores the whole food culture in Sydney, the trends, the fresh produce and exciting market scenes, the restaurants, cafes and the beachside eating society. Bill Granger highlights some of the wonderful spots in Sydney, where he shops for ingredients, and what inspires his recipes.
 id : 241466 ISBN : 0689848749  | name : The Charles Addams Mother Goose  |  description : Traditional Mother Goose rhymes illustrated by the cartoonist who created "The Addams Family."
 id : 241468 ISBN : 0965104257  | name : Freaks  |  description : Meet the strangest people who ever lived! Read all about: · the notorious love affairs of midgets · the strange sex lives of Siamese twins · the dwarf clown's wife whose feet grew directly from her body · the mule-faced woman whose son became her manager · the unusual amours of Jolly Daisy, the fat woman · the famous pinhead who inspired Verdi's Rigoletto · the tragedy of Betty Lou Williams and her parasitic twin · the midget, only 34 inches tall, who was happily married to a 264-pound wife · the human torso who could sew, crochet, and type · and bizarre accounts of normal humans turned into freaks-either voluntarily or by evil design! Originally printed in a small edition and withdrawn by the publisher after one month, this book (out of print for nearly 20 years), is brought back to eye-popping life with many new photos. Daniel P. Mannix, now enjoying a cult revival, is the author of noir classics such as Those About to Die, The History of Torture, The Hell-fire Club, Memoirs of a Sword Swallower, The Beast (the first biography of Aleister Crowley to enjoy wide readership), and many others. A former sword-swallower, fire-eater, fakir and world traveler, Mr. Mannix still lives on the family farm with his falcon, miniature horses and reptile collection.
 id : 241469 ISBN : 1568848617  | name : Dogs For Dummies?  |  description : An easy to follow program about puppies and dogs.
 id : 241471 ISBN : 0671537385  | name : Children of "the Troubles  |  description : This remarkable collection of personal stories, poems, and diary entries written by nearly 60 Irish Catholic and Protestant children, teenagers, and adults is at turns funny, poignant, and tragic--as it chronicles their memories of growing up in the war zone of Northern Ireland.
 id : 241472 ISBN : 0373117558  | name : Tiger Eyes  |  description : Tiger Eyes by Robyn Donald released on Jun 23, 1995 is available now for purchase.
 id : 241475 ISBN : 0965703851  | name : Irritable Bowel Syndrome and the Mindbodyspirit Connection  |  description : One in five people suffer from Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS), colitis, or other functional bowel disorders. As a result, IBS is the second-leading cause of worker absenteeism. Sufferers will find an effective 8-step plan that includes learning about the causes of the disorders, the different types of disorders, looking at family history, doing self-tests, identifying problems with diet, and establishing a personalized healing plan. This book provides a holistic approach to controlling or even eliminating distressing gastrointestinal symptoms.
 id : 241477 ISBN : 0687069831  | name : Handbook of Denominations in the United States  |  description : Entries on major Christian denominations in the US give information on their historical background, their teachings, and their polity or structure of governance. Included are statistics on the number of churches and church members and information about church-related schools and institutions. There
 id : 241478 ISBN : 0440217121  | name : The Language of Fear  |  description : With an introduction by W. Axl Rose Del James unleashes an extraordinary collection of snapshots from hell—our hell. Here are spine-chilling stories of everyday people, all caught up in terrible urges—sex and obsession, addiction and violence—all sharing the universal language of fear. . . . A heavy-metal dreamer locked in a savage war with his television set. An artist seduced by a vampire. Two boys trapped by an urban legend come to life—or a drug-induced nightmare. A modern-day gladiator engaged in a brutal death match. A rock-and-roll star who years to be with the one good woman he has ever known—and so ignites a blaze of mad destruction. Praise for The Language of Fear “The Language of Fear is spoken in tunes of rock'n'roll, of barking dogs and net-trapped fish, of acid-sizzled flesh and tattoo needles, and after these few lessons, you'll speak it too.”—Cemetery Dance “Pissed-off, heartbroken rock'n'roll horror: surprisingly tender, garage-band crude, savage as a shotgun blast and audacious as an exit wound.”—John Skipp “After a hard day in Hell, James writes down what he saw. Good reading.”—John Shirley “Best described as an updated Night Shift, the contemporary tales [are] short and nasty.”—Cindy Baum, Scream Magazine
 id : 241479 ISBN : 0380009994  | name : The Rime of the Ancient Mariner  |  description : The poem begins with an old grey-bearded sailor, the Mariner, stopping a guest at a wedding ceremony to tell him a story of a sailing voyage he took long ago. The Wedding Guest is at first reluctant to listen, as the ceremony is about to begin, but the mariner's glittering eye captivates him.The mariner's tale begins with his ship departing on its journey. Despite initial good fortune, the ship is driven south by a storm and eventually reaches the icy waters of the Antarctic. An albatross appears and leads the ship out of the ice jam where it is stuck, but even as the albatross is fed and praised by the ship's crew, the mariner shoots the bird: With my cross-bowI shot the Albatross.The crew is angry with the mariner, believing the albatross brought the south wind that led them out of the Antarctic
 id : 241482 ISBN : 0836246314  | name : That's What Friends Are For  |  description : A changing picture book illustrated by Mary Engelbreit on the ever-timely subject of friendship.
 id : 241483 ISBN : 042508647X  | name : The Blood of His Servants  |  description : Recounts the true story of two men whose intense friendship is destroyed by a malicious Nazi act that results in a thirty-five-year hunt for revenge
 id : 241485 ISBN : 1852309539  | name : The Complete Illustrated Guide to Ayurveda  |  description : Ayurveda, the healing art which has its roots in the ancient wisdom of India, is an increasingly popular therapy among those who are interested in total well-being. This lavishly illustrated book offers a complete and comprehensive guide to a proven system embraced by Deepak Chopra and such well-known Westerners as Cindy Crawford and Elizabeth Taylor. Color photos and illustrations.
 id : 241486 ISBN : 0938256084  | name : Phonics Review 2-3  |  description : "Understanding the connection between letters and sounds is an important first step to reading success. This colorful workbook introduces short and long vowels to help your child become a better reader and speller."--Page 4 of cover.
 id : 241490 ISBN : 0898794730  | name : Artist's Market, 1992  |  description : Graphic artists and fine artists looking for new marketing opportunities will find 2,500 buyers of all types of art in the new edition of Artist's Market. Handy geographic indexes are included to help artists tap their local markets, and articles and interviews with successful professionals give artists the tips they need to succeed in the art world.
 id : 241492 ISBN : 0471550507  | name : Janice VanCleave's Gravity  |  description : How are satellites launched into orbit? Does gravity affect plants? What causes the feeling of weightlessness? Janice VanCleave's Gravity includes 20 simple and fun experiments that allow you to discover the answers to these and other fascinating questions about gravity, plus dozens of additional suggestions for developing your own science fair projects. Learn about gravity and speed with a simple experiment using marbles and a ruler; about satellite launchings using clay, cardboard, and a marble; about gravity and plant growth with pinto beans; and much more. All experiments use inexpensive household materials and involve a minimum of preparation and clean up. Children ages 8-12 Also available in the Spectacular Science Projects Series: * Janice VanCleave's Animals * Janice VanCleave's Earthquakes * Janice VanCleave's Electricity * Janice VanCleave's Machines * Janice VanCleave's Magnets * Janice VanCleave's Molecules * Janice VanCleave's Microscopes and Magnifying Lenses * Janice VanCleave's Volcanoes * Janice VanCleave's Weather
 id : 241496 ISBN : 0671431463  | name : Hearts  |  description : Recently widowed Linda Reisman and her thirteen-year-old stepdaughter, Robin, travel from New Jersey to California to find a new home for Robin, and their experiences on the road force both women to mature quickly
 id : 241497 ISBN : 0937611484  | name : Meta Fitness  |  description : Suzy Prudden, one of America's leading fitness experts, has created a totally new program for weight loss, body shaping, and physical and mental health. This program--using visualization and affirmation techniques--is a breakthrough in the world of fitness.
 id : 241499 ISBN : 0688070620  | name : The Power of Ethical Management  |  description : Ethics in business is the most urgent problem facing America today. Now two of the best-selling authors of our time, Kenneth Blanchard and Norman Vincent Peale, join forces to meet this crisis head-on in this vitally important new book. The Power of Ethical Management proves you don't have to cheat to win. It shows today's managers how to bring integrity back to the workplace. It gives hard-hitting, practical, ethical strategies that build profits, productivity, and long-term success. From a straightforward three-step Ethics Check that helps you evaluate any action or decision, to the "Five P's" of ethical behavior that will clarify your purpose and your goals, The Power of Ethical Management gives you an immensely useful set of tools. These can be put to work right away to enhance the performance of your business and to enrich the quality of your life. The Power of Ethical Management is no theoretical treatise; Peale and Blanchard speak from their own enormous and unique experience, They reveal the nuts and bolts, practical strategies for ethical decisions that will show you why integrity pays. "So Vince Lombardi was wrong. Winning is not the only thing as headlines and hearings from Wall Street to Washington confirm. Now comes a better game plan from the powerful one-two punch of Ken Blanchard and Norman Vincent Peale in a quickreading new book, The Power of Ethical Management. Peale and Blanchard may be the best thing that has happened to business ethics since Mike Wallace invented 60 Minutes. -- JOHN MACK CARTIERDDEditor-in-ChiefDDGood Housekeeping/DIV
 id : 241500 ISBN : 0876667515  | name : Starting a Marine Aquarium  |  description : A guide to establishing a saltwater aquarium explains how to select fish and other inhabitants and set up and maintain the aquariums in which they will make their home.
 id : 241502 ISBN : 0130978663  | name : How the Stock Market Works  |  description : The second edition of the popular How The Stock Market Works updates and expands its solid introduction to Wall Street for individual investors and beginning financial professionals alike. This primer explains the workings of the securities industry as a whole, including the initial public offering (getting the stocks to the marketplace), types of stocks, who's who inside the brokerage firm, executing orders on the Exchange floor, the role of the specialist, the over-the-counter market, back office operations (buy/sell and processing procedures), and the major theories of market analysis. The second edition has six new chapters, covering why individuals and institutions buy stocks: dividends and capital gains, risks and rewards; how to read the financial press ... stock symbols, dividend, yield, P/E ratio; closed-end and open-end funds ... how mutual funds are priced, bought and sold ... figuration of net asset values and offering prices; stock options ... puts and calls ... leverage ... time value and intrinsic value ... options as hedging tools; how to understand a corporate balance sheet and income statement; and how dividends and capital gains are taxed.
 id : 241504 ISBN : 0393317609  | name : Paul The Mind Of The Apostle  |  description : A.N. Wilson makes clear in this gripping narrative that Christianity, without Paul, is quite literally nothing. Jesus, with the layers of scholarship stripped away, is a fervent Jew who will lead his followers into a stricter, purer observance of Judaism; it is Paul who will claim divinity for him, who will transform him into the Messiah, center of an entirely new religion.
 id : 241505 ISBN : 0070099529  | name : Buying Stocks Without a Broker  |  description : DRIPs (dividend reinvestment plans) offer a safe, proven alternative to purchasing stocks through a broker, thereby saving investors steep brokerage fees. This unrivaled resource provides powerful investment strategies using DRIPs that help readers choose the plan that best suits their financial objectives. Also includes a directory listing over 900 DRIPs--with addresses, phone numbers, stock symbols, eligibility requirements, and more.
 id : 241506 ISBN : 0312147619  | name : Where White Men Fear to Tread  |  description : The Native American activist recounts his struggle for Indian self-determination, his periods in prison, and his spiritual awakening
 id : 241507 ISBN : 0099428636  | name : How to Travel with a Salmon and Other Essays  |  description : This witty and irreverent collection of essays presents Eco's playful but unfailingly accurate takes on everything from militarism, computer jargon, Westerns, librarians and bureaucrats to meals on airplanes, Amtrak trains, bad coffee, express mail, fax machines and pornography. "An uncanny combination of the profound and the profane".--San Francisco Chronicle.
 id : 241508 ISBN : 0738202738  | name : Chuck Jaffe's Lifetime Guide to Mutual Funds  |  description : A syndicated financial columnist presents a comprehensive guide to mutual fund investment that explains how to plan for long-term financial goals and covers everything from buying and selling funds to inheritance and retirement planning. Original. 20,000 first printing.
 id : 241513 ISBN : 0446401757  | name : The Brass Go-Between  |  description : When a valuable brass shield is stolen from a Washington, D.C. museum, a professional go-between is assigned to recover it
 id : 241514 ISBN : 0929923103  | name : My Mother Made Me Do it  |  description : Examines inherited patterns of gluttony, and offers psychological exercises and other methods to end overating
 id : 241515 ISBN : 0451169034  | name : North Dallas After Forty  |  description : Twenty years after North Dallas' championship, the gridiron gang--quarterback Seth Maxwell, a movie star; Jo Bob Williams, sheriff of Purgatory County; B.A., ex-coach-turned governor; and one-time receiver Phil Elliot--returns to celebrate
 id : 241516 ISBN : 156512054X  | name : Body of Knowledge  |  description : No one in the town of Bernice had ever seen her. And she lived all alone. (Except for her servant. And her plants. And her books. And an industrial-duty elevator. And the stories, of course.).
 id : 241517 ISBN : 0679734902  | name : Sailor's Holiday  |  description : Five interconnected novellas--"59 and Raining," "Sailor's Holiday," "The Sultans of Africa," "Consuelo's Kiss," and "Bad Day for the Leopard Man"--relate the adventures of Sailor Ripley and Lula Pace Fortune, two eccentric Southern lovers
 id : 241518 ISBN : 0965503402  | name : A Fall to Grace  |  description : An teaching story that follows the shapeshifting journey of C. Alexandra as she is catapulted into another world as the result of a stress-related illness. In her travels she meets shamanistic teachers in both animal and human form who help her remember who she truly is and how to bring harmony, balance, and meaning back into her life. She retrieves her own soul from the Land of the Dead, learns how to live in harmony with nature, explores the meaning of fear and separation, and falls in love with a man, thus beginning her adventure with true love.
 id : 241519 ISBN : 0312167954  | name : The Bride Wore Red  |  description : In her fascinating, funny, and provocative debut, Robbie Clipper Sethi explores the perils and rewards of cross-cultural marriage. Thirteen linked stories follow the marriages of three couples for three decades, from the late 1960s to the present, as husbands and wives confront and overcome the hazards of clashing cultures.
 id : 241520 ISBN : 0140445064  | name : How Much Land Does a Man Need? and Other Stories  |  description : These short works, ranging from Tolstoy's earliest tales to the brilliant title story, are rich in the insights and passion that characterize all of his explorations in love, war, courage, and civilization. For more than seventy years, Penguin has been the leading publisher of classic literature in the English-speaking world. With more than 1,700 titles, Penguin Classics represents a global bookshelf of the best works throughout history and across genres and disciplines. Readers trust the series to provide authoritative texts enhanced by introductions and notes by distinguished scholars and contemporary authors, as well as up-to-date translations by award-winning translators.
 id : 241524 ISBN : 0140444696  | name : The Kreutzer Sonata and Other Stories  |  description : A collection of some of Tolstoy's late stories. They are accompanied by an introduction in which David McDuff examines Tolstoy's state of mind as he produced these works, and then discusses their public reception.
 id : 241526 ISBN : 0563384905  | name : Fighting Fat/Fighting Fit  |  description : This guide puts together a realistic and enjoyable plan to help even the most reluctant exerciser to improve their health. There are no crash diets or faddy meals, instead the emphasis is on eating wholesome food (recipes from Ainsley Harriott) and taking some steps towards a healthier way of life.
 id : 241530 ISBN : 0399147047  | name : Deal with the Dead  |  description : As John Deal seeks to resurrect his late father's Miami building firm, he reluctantly agrees to work secretly for the same government agency which once employed his father.
 id : 241531 ISBN : 0020322208  | name : The Art of Eating  |  description : This classic volume is a collection of M.F.K. Fisher's best-known food memoirs, covering an eclectic array of thoughts, memories, and recipes, from World War I vignettes of frugality at the table to a consideration of the social status of vegetables.
 id : 241533 ISBN : 0766607127  | name : Swiss Family Robinson  |  description : A simplified, abridged version of the fortunes of a shipwrecked family as they imaginatively adapt to life on an island with abundant animal and plant life.
 id : 241534 ISBN : 0738203661  | name : All Hat And No Cattle  |  description : Have you heard "Let's get everybody on the same page" just one time too many? Was your latest management training course just another plateful of warmed-over dogma? Then it's time to start kicking up some dust and making a difference. In All Hat and No Cattle, maverick consultant Chris Turner shows you how to do just that. With a healthy dose of Texas humor, and with wisdom gained from experience on the front lines, she exposes much of what passes for management wisdom as baloney and offers fresh ways of thinking about organizations and the people who bring them to life.
 id : 241535 ISBN : 0452279763  | name : The New Eating Right for a Bad Gut  |  description : “Straightforward recommendations for healthy eating that easy on the gut… Hopeful and helpful.”—Publishers Weekly In this completely revised and updated edition of his classic book on treating "bad gut" diseases, Dr. James Scala presents a new dietary plan that has been proven to help inflammatory bowel disease go into remission. Scala firmly believes that nutrition is preventative medicine and food is the vehicle of its practice. His drug-free food and lifestyle program offers relief from the pain and embarrassment of living with these mysterious and chronic ills while providing reassuring step-by-step guidance on: · Developing a personal testing program to identify foods that cause, aggravate, or relieve flare-ups · Keeping a food and lifestyle diary · How food allergies affect IBD · What to do if you are lactose, alcohol, or sugar intolerant · Reducing inflammation through complex carbohydrates, proteins, dietary fiber, and the omega-3 oils found in fish and leafy vegetables · The do’s and don’ts of food selection · Techniques for stress reduction and overall fitness · Vitamin and mineral supplements, and their recommended dosages · Specific cooking methods that can prevent flare-ups · Medicinal foods that bring flare-ups into remission · The role stress, anger, fear, and other emotions play · The healing power of vitamin E · IBD and children The New Eating Right for a Bad Gut offers a solid program for health that is uniquely focused on an area of major concern to a wide segment of the population.
 id : 241536 ISBN : 0613139496  | name : Mountain, Get Out of My Way  |  description : The talk show host draws on his life story and his motivational presentations for young people to offer inspiration and advice on getting the most out of life while avoiding its pitfalls
 id : 241537 ISBN : 0874065623  | name : The Magical Merry-Go-Round Unicorn  |  description : When Max finds an old merry-go-round unicorn he also discovers the secret to make it fly.
 id : 241538 ISBN : 0373260237  | name : Still Life  |  description : Still Life by Miriam Borgenicht released on Feb 22, 1989 is available now for purchase.
 id : 241540 ISBN : 0553341723  | name : No Bull Selling  |  description : Trisler presents a unique formula that completely develops one's selling charisma. "No Bull Selling" is a fun, no-nonsense guide to bringing out the best in the salesperson and others.
 id : 241544 ISBN : 031292545X  | name : Mrs. Jack  |  description : Recounts the life of the nineteenth-century Boston hostess, Isabella Gardner, who constructed a Venetian palace to house a unique art collection
 id : 241548 ISBN : 0394584775  | name : The Vision of Elena Silves  |  description : Seemingly doomed to failure, the romance between Elena Silves, who received a vision of the Virgin Mary, and Gabriel Lung, a leader of the Peruvian terrorist group, the Shining Path, endures for over twenty years
 id : 241549 ISBN : 003060043X  | name : Gone the Dreams and Dancing  |  description : Winner of the Golden Spur Award for best historical novel and author of Season of Yellow Leaf, Jones unfolds the grim dilemma of reservation Indians without resorting to sentimentality or bathos.--Los Angeles Times.
 id : 241551 ISBN : 044022358X  | name : The Dark Canyon  |  description : When archaeologists uncover a rare emerald figurine, it may or may not be the catalyst for a spate of murders plaguing Sheriff Lansing's community. Native American myth has it that the figurine casts a powerful curse over the land and many men would kill to possess it. The only key Lansing has to the mystery is the journal of his great grandfather. But the truth that lies before him now may be something he wishes he had never uncovered at all.
 id : 241552 ISBN : 0440004462  | name : Barbary Shore  |  description : A young writer, suffering from amnesia, takes up residence in a Brooklyn rooming house
 id : 241555 ISBN : 0394720237  | name : Hitler  |  description : A bestseller in its original German edition and subsequently translated into more than a dozen languages, this book has become a classic portrait of a man, a nation, and an era. Index. Translated by Richard and Clara Winston. A Helen and Kurt Wolff Book
 id : 241556 ISBN : 0930741471  | name : Sacred Arts of Haitian Vodou  |  description : This abundantly illustrated anthology brings together sixteen essays by artists, scholars and ritual experts who examine the sacred arts of Haitian Vodou from multiple perspectives. Among the many topics covered are the ten major Vodou divinities: Vodou's roots in the Fon and Kongo kingdoms of Africa and its transformation in the experiences of slavery, and the encounter with European spiritual systems; Vodou praxis, including its bodily and communal disciplines, the cult of St. James Major (Ogou), and the cult of twins.In the final section, essays by Elizabeth McAlister, Patrick Polk, Tina Girouard, and Randall Morris look at Vodou arts and artists, Oleyant, and the legacy of ironworker Georges Liautaud.The Envoi, by Donald J.Cosentino, is devoted to the Gedes, spirits of death and regeneration.
 id : 241560 ISBN : 0802224776  | name : The Jewish Community in Poland  |  description : Ch. 12 (pp. 162-174), "The Jews in Galicia, " surveys the status of the Jews in this Austrian province from 1772 to 1918. Describes restrictive legislation by Maria Theresia, Joseph II, and their successors. Although the Edict of Tolerance was decreed in 1789, serious discrimination against the Jewish population persisted. Deals, as well, with the process of emancipation of Galician Jewry and the abolition of discriminatory taxes in 1849. Ch. 16 (pp. 215-239), "The Relationship of the Polish Government to the Jewish Population between the Two World Wars, " states that although Poland signed the Small Versailles Peace Treaty which granted minority rights, the Treaty was not respected in practice. Surveys the attitudes of consecutive governments to the "Jewish question" and debates in the Sejm. Mentions pogroms in 1918-20 and in the 1930s. Notes worsening of the situation after Pilsudski's death and the growth of the influence of right-wing parties.
 id : 241561 ISBN : 1885331096  | name : The Confidence Factor  |  description : With Confidence, anything is possible! the Confidence Factor delivers common sense and viable tactics to enhance, or regain, your confidence ... even when a cosmic goose comes your way. Cosmic gooses are those situations that happen that if you had your druthers, you would never want to go through again. "A TREASURE! This book contains more information, more wisdom and more inspiration about building high self-esteem than any other book I've read." Jack Canfield, Co-Author of Chicken Soup for the Soul.Packed with authentic, resonant candor and advice, the 10 Steps to Building Confidence we recreated from a nationwide survey of 1300 men and women. Some well-known (Tiger Woods, Oprah) and many representatives of the "average" person, each share their confidence shattering experiences-their cosmic gooses-and the steps they took to rebuild themselves. The Confidence Factor won the Gold EVVY Best Business Book and Best Over-All book from the Colorado Independent Publishers Association. Im 2008, it was a Finalist for Best Business Book-Motivational with USA Books. Foreign rights sold to China, Arabia,
 id : 241562 ISBN : 0807117749  | name : Creole New Orleans  |  description : This collection of six original essays explores the peculiar ethnic composition and history of New Orleans, which the authors persuasively argue is unique among American cities. The focus of Creole New Orleans is on the development of a colonial Franco-African culture in the city, the ways that culture was influenced by the arrival of later immigrants, and the processes that led to the eventual dominance of the Anglo-American community. Essays in the book's first section focus not only on the formation of the curiously blended Franco-African culture but also on how that culture, once established, resisted change and allowed New Orleans to develop along French and African creole lines until the early nineteenth century. Jerah Johnson explores the motives and objectives of Louisiana's French founders, giving that issue the most searching analysis it has yet received. Gwendolyn Midlo Hall, in her account of the origins of New Orleans' free black population, offers a new approach to the early history of Africans in colonial Louisiana. The second part of the book focuses on the challenge of incorporating New Orleans into the United States. As Paul F. LaChance points out, the French immigrants who arrived after the Louisiana Purchase slowed the Americanization process by preserving the city's creole culture. Joesph Tregle then presents a clear, concise account of the clash that occurred between white creoles and the many white Americans who during the 1800s migrated to the city. His analysis demonstrates how race finally brought an accommodation between the white creole and American leaders. The third section centers on the evolution of the city's race relations during the nineteenth and twentieth centuries. Joseph Logsdon and Caryn Cossé Bell begin by tracing the ethno-cultural fault line that divided black Americans and creole through Reconstruction and the emergence of Jim Crow. Arnold R. Hirsch pursues the themes discerned by Logsdon and Bell from the turn of the century to the 1980s, examining the transformation of the city's racial politics. Collectively, these essays fill a major void in Louisiana history while making a significant contribution to the history of urbanization, ethnicity, and race relations. The book will serve as a cornerstone for future study of the history of New Orleans.
 id : 241563 ISBN : 0807118036  | name : Crucible of Reconstruction  |  description : In late April, 1862, Union warships slipped past the Confederate river forts below New Orleans and blasted the Rebel fleet guarding the city. Advancing overland, General Benjamin F. Butler occupied New Orleans on May Day, and for the duration of the war the Stars and Stripes waved over the Confederacy's largest city. The reconstruction of Louisiana began almost immediately. In Crucible of Reconstruction, Ted Tunnell examines the byzantine complexities of Louisiana's restoration to the Union, from the capture of New Orleans to the downfall of the Radical Republicans a decade and a half later. He writes with insight about wartime Reconstruction and the period of presidential Reconstruction under Andrew Johnson, but his ultimate concern is with Radical Reconstruction and that uneasy coalition of Unionists, free blacks, and carpetbaggers that formed the Louisiana Republican party after Appomattox and struggled fitfully for a biracial society based on equality and justice. One of the distinguishing features of Crucible of Reconstruction is its concern with the origins of Radicalism. Tunnell finds that nearly two-thirds of Louisiana Unionists were actually outsiders, men who had come to Louisiana from the North or from abroad. Of the remainder, many had either been born in the border slave states that sided with the North in 1861 or had been deeply influenced by Northern culture. The free blacks were the most radical element of the Republican party and for a brief but critical moment actually dominated the reconstruction process; with a black majority in the constitutional convention of 1867-1868, they drafted a civil rights program that made Louisiana's Reconstruction constitution, along with South Carolina's, a model of Republican Radicalism. In the end, though, the carpetbaggers dominated Republican Reconstruction. Although few in number, they controlled the immense federal bureaucracy centered in New Orleans, and in a government that depended on support from Washington for its very survival, they alone had influence on the Potomac. For a generation historians have struggled to explain the destructive factionalism that crippled the Republican regimes in Louisiana and other Reconstruction states. In a thesis of wide applicability, Tunnel shows how Republican factionalism was actually rooted in a larger "crisis of legitimacy." Louisiana Republicans confronted enemies who challenged not merely their policies but their very right to exist, enemies whose overriding goal was to expunge the Republican party from the polity. Led by Governor Henry Clay Warmoth, a carpetbagger from Illinois, the Republicans responded to the crisis with a twofold strategy embodied in what Tunnell calls the policy of force and the policy of peace. The policy of force, while it partially deterred assaults on Republican voters, undermined northern support for Reconstruction. The policy of peace not only failed to conciliate white Louisianians, it generated the vicious factionalism that destroyed the Republican party from within. The Warmoth strategies were in fact mutually contradictory; they negated each other and demolished his government. In his final chapter, Tunnell recounts the career of Marshall Harvey Twitchell, a Vermont carpetbagger who settled in north Louisiana in 1866. Twitchell's tragic story, gleaned from his unpublished autobiography and government records, provides a stunningly immediate reminder of the violent and unlawful conditions that existed during the final years of Reconstruction in Louisiana. Tunnell's analyses of Unionism, of black and white political leadership, of Republican factionalism, and of the brutal eradication of Republicanism in the state make this one of the most fascinating and provocative of recent books on Reconstruction.
 id : 241564 ISBN : 0394724895  | name : Zen and Zen Classics  |  description : Distills the main themes of Blyth's five volume interpretation of Zen philosophies, enlightenment, Zen literature and art, and the relationship between Zen and Christianity
 id : 241565 ISBN : 1560521252  | name : Organizing Your Workspace  |  description : Tackle that endless paper flow with creative filing tips, clutter-busters, and workable action plans.
 id : 241566 ISBN : 0671500791  | name : Gifts from Eykis  |  description : How would an intelligent visitor from another planet react to life on Earth? Would we welcome that visitor's presence and views? Are we ready for such an open exchange? Weaving together science fiction, spirituality, and philosophy with wisdom, humor, and plain common sense, Wayne Dyer tells the story of two peaceful beings from different worlds who work together to enhance the well-being of all.The gifts that Eykis brings to the people of Earth help them see themselves in a new light, and compel them to rethink their negative actions. Her insightful offerings will move you to new emotions, new behaviors, and a new understanding of humankind's limitless possibilities.
 id : 241576 ISBN : 0553281399  | name : One-eyed Dream  |  description : One-Eyed Dream is the final volume in Terry C. Johnston's exciting trilogy of the rugged trappers and mountain men, Indian fighters, and hardy pioneers who battled for the future of this land--and won. High in the Rockies lay the Bayou Salade, a lush beaver-rich valley so untouched that the few white men who had seen it called it paradise. But for Scratch Bass, his young partner Josiah Paddock, and the two Indian women they loved, this paradise would open up a hell of violence. Pursued by a vengeful Arapaho raiding party, Scratch will lead his small band through a flurry of arrows all the way to Taos itself. Yet the trail of blood will not end there. For in St. Louis an old enemy waits, and the time is ripe for Scratch to settle a ten-year score. Through the desert known as the Journey of Death to the rough-and-tumble town of St. Louis, Scratch and Josiah will defy the wilderness to bury the past--and a blackhearted killer--once and for all.
 id : 241577 ISBN : 0345342364  | name : Washington, D.C.  |  description : This stunning and illuminating portrait of national politics from the New Deal to the McCarthy era superbly blends historical figures with fictional characters. We follow the lives of Blaise Sanford, the ruthless Washington newspaper tycoon; his son, Peter, a liberal editor both fascinated and repelled by the imperial city; Peter's beautiful and self-destructive sister Enid; her husband, Clay Overbury, a charismatic and ambitious politician; and James Burden Day, the powerful conservative senator. With characteristic wit and insight, Vidal chronicles life in the nation's capital at a time when these men and others transformed America into "possibly the last empire on earth".
 id : 241579 ISBN : 0894863940  | name : Touchstones  |  description : In the quest for sustained sobriety and self-development, we must look outside of ourselves to discover our inner truths. Whether we are facing dependency or parenthood, marriage or meditation, everyone needs a guide to embolden their coping skills and settle in to a better, more balanced life. Touchstones has strengthened millions of recoveries for more than thirty years. Offering suggestions for deepening integrity, spirituality, and intimacy—a recovering man’s trinity—it helps men transform addictive behaviors and thinking into an empowered manhood. This engaging self-help book, designed specifically for men, explores masculinity through informative, inspirational meditations. Touchstones offers profound advice for life’s many changes and emphasizes the importance of recognizing the effects of common emotions such as anger, resentment, and fear. Its striking insight supports any stage of recovery, but the daily readings in this book are not simply for a better recovery; they are for a better, more balanced life. Continued awareness and involvement with these ideas provide ongoing personal growth. Although this growth is entirely our own, its benefits will be shared. Newfound mental health and wellness will spread infectiously to every relationship, with friends and family alike. Here, every manly struggle meets an insight. The cycle of addiction meets its end.
 id : 241580 ISBN : 0942421345  | name : Seasons of the Spirit  |  description : This book of daily meditations on mid-life puts the reader in close contact with the physical, social, and spiritual changes that take place in mid-life and offers inspiration and insight for each day of the year. Part of the Parkside Meditations Series.
 id : 241582 ISBN : 0753502267  | name : The Virgin Encyclopedia of the Blues  |  description : This is a complete handbook of information and opinion about the history of blues music. Based on the Encyclopedia of Popular Music, this book contains over 1000 entries covering musicians, bands, songwriters, producers and record labels which have made a significant impact on the development of blues music. It brings together people such as Robert Johnson and Blind Lemon Jefferson, the influence of Muddy Waters and Willie Dixon and more recent figures such as Keb' Mo and Jonny Lang. Each entry offers information such as dates, career facts, discography and album ratings.
 id : 241583 ISBN : 0374404755  | name : Bad  |  description : Inspired by the author's work in a girls' rehabilitation center. Ray called it skating when we did the crazy things . . . Hot-wiring a fancy car for a joyride after midnight. Boosting stuff from stores . . . Sixteen-year-old Dallas loves the rush, the excitement of "skating." But then she and her friends decide to rob a convenience store and it's Dallas who gets caught while the others get away. Since it is her first offense, she thinks her father will help her out - but when the judge says she can go home on probation her father says no, he can't control her. So the judge gives Dallas six months in the Girls' Rehabilitation Center. Once there, Dallas meets an assortment of "bad" girls, many of whom don't expect to change, and those who do often don't make it. How Dallas comes to terms with herself - both the bad and the good - makes for a heartfelt and insightful novel about troubled teenagers and the odds they face in trying to turn their lives around.
 id : 241584 ISBN : 0670861049  | name : Fall-out  |  description : At fifteen, Janna is just another fall-out victim, but one who is determined to prevent more nuclear tragedies.
 id : 241589 ISBN : 0812548337  | name : Comanche Dawn  |  description : A novel on the Comanches, the first Indians of the Plains to take advantage of the horse, brought by the Europeans. The resulting mobility helped them become a great nation and their story is told through the eyes of Horseback, a skilled mounted warrior. (From WorldCat).
 id : 241590 ISBN : 0060002522  | name : Sharpe's Prey  |  description : Bestselling novelist Bernard Cornwell returns to his popular Richard Sharpe series with this eighteenth dazzling installment, which finds his beloved hero in the heart of war-torn Denmark, trying to protect the prized Danish fleet from Napoleon Bonaparte's ambitions. The year is 1807, and Richard Sharpe is back in England, where his career seems to have come to a dead end. Loveless, destitute, and relegated to the menial tasks of quartermaster, Sharpe roams the streets of London, pondering a bleak future away from the army. Then, out of the blue, an old friend invites him to undertake a secret mission -- the delivery of a bribe -- to the Danish capital, Copenhagen. Denmark is officially neutral, but Napoleon is threatening an invasion in order to capture the powerful Danish fleet, which could replace the ships France lost in its disastrous defeat at Trafalgar. The British, fearing such enhancement of French power, threaten their own preemptive invasion, and Sharpe, whose errand seemed so simple, is trapped in a web of treachery that will end only when the city, which thought itself safe, is subjected to a brutal and merciless bombardment. Sharpe's Prey -- the chronological sequel to Sharpe's Trafalgar -- finds Bernard Cornwell at the top of his bestselling form, combining the meticulous historical detail and fantastic battle scenes he's famous for with a plot that races at breakneck speed toward the final, bloody battle that threatens to destroy Copenhagen.
 id : 241592 ISBN : 0871317419  | name : Feed Your Body Right  |  description : "The thesis of the book is simple: Each of us, through a combination of genetic inheritance and personal lifestyle, has an individual body chemistry. For optimal health, for optimal well-being, it is necessary to keep your individual body chemistry in balance." "People would think absurd if someone were to suggest they buy a generic dress or move into a generic home, yet they are perfectly willing to follow a generic diet. Feed Your Body Right teaches you how, through a series of simple tests and blood studies (analyzed with the help of your doctor or nutritionist), you can devise an individualized nutrition program that will work for your particular body type and metabolism." "Feed Your Body Right discusses the Life Balances Health Program to which, with your doctor, you may want to subscribe. It can show you how to make basic, safe adjustments to your daily nutrient intake, creating a bodily environment more resistant to shock, disease, and stress. The tables and graphs in the book will not only help you to understand basic chemical processes and how they effect you, but also how to follow and evaluate your own progress through the program of your choosing." "With your individual body chemistry in balance, you will be on your way to a life freed from fatigue, allergies, aches, and depression. You'll soon find a new buoyancy and zest for life. Best of all, once you understand your unique nutritional needs, you can be your own guide to achieving health."--BOOK JACKET.Title Summary field provided by Blackwell North America, Inc. All Rights Reserved
 id : 241596 ISBN : 0310235316  | name : Reaching for the Invisible God  |  description : Reaching for the Invisible God: What Can We Expect to Find? is Yancey at his best--wrestling with difficult questions and refusing to give pat answers. In our quest to know God, he offers this caveat: "The more personal conception of God we have, the more unnerving are the questions about him."
 id : 241597 ISBN : 0736900578  | name : Your Simple Guide to a Home-Based Business  |  description : The Your Simple Guide to a Home-Based Business gives informative, useful suggestions in short, easy-to-implement chapters, perfect for busy women ready to pursue the challenges and rewards of operating their own home-based business.
 id : 241600 ISBN : 0062517767  | name : Ruthless Trust  |  description : In his sequel to The Ragamuffin Gospel bestselling author Brennan Manning shows how true and radical trust in God can transform our lives
 id : 241603 ISBN : 0373703546  | name : Seasons  |  description : Seasons by Lauren Bauman released on Mar 24, 1989 is available now for purchase.
 id : 241605 ISBN : 0394428250  | name : Deaf Like Me  |  description : The inspiring story of a family's struggle to reach across the barriers of silence.
 id : 241606 ISBN : 0916410781  | name : Brain Building Games with Words & Numbers (mostly)  |  description : A crossword puzzle devotee's bonanza: a personal three-month mind-training program, with 182 performance tips and puzzles to increase memory, math, and language dexterity.
 id : 241607 ISBN : 0373613342  | name : Power Gambit  |  description : Power Gambit by Gar Wilson released on Jan 25, 1988 is available now for purchase.
 id : 241609 ISBN : 0553276255  | name : Forty Lashes Less One  |  description : The hell called Yuma Prison can destroy the soul of any man. And it's worse for those whose damning crime is the color of their skin. The law says Chiricahua Apache Raymond San Carlos and black-as-night former soldier Harold Jackson are murderers, and they'll stay behind bars until they're dead and rotting. But even in the worst place on Earth, there's hope. And for two hard and hated inmates -- first enemies, then allies by necessity -- it waits at the end of a mad and violent contest ... on a bloody trail that winds toward Arizona's five most dangerous men.
 id : 241610 ISBN : 0770106250  | name : Same Song - Separate Voices  |  description : The pressures, rebellions and excitement of living in the public eye . . . the stern discipline and silent wrath of Lawrence Welk. It's all here as you follow the ups and downs of their two decades of stardom, a fascinating portrait of growth, courage, and family unity.
 id : 241611 ISBN : 0843949368  | name : The Gauntlet  |  description : A trio of Western stories, including the title work in which Red Harrigan and Black McTee find their friendship challenged by their mutual attraction to the beautiful Kate Malone.
 id : 241613 ISBN : 0449129055  | name : Cemetery Jones and the Maverick Kid  |  description : Sam "Cemetery" Jones, aided by the mysterious, vengeful Maverick Kid, becomes embroiled in a vicious range war against a ruthless, murderous rancher and his gang of cattle rustlers
 id : 241616 ISBN : 0449242560  | name : Dog Years  |  description : A novel set in three parts, beginning in the 1920s and ending in the 1950s, that follows the lives of two friends from the prewar years in Germany through an apocalyptic period and its startling aftermath.
 id : 241617 ISBN : 0380595192  | name : Fire on the Mountain  |  description : When the United States Air Force attempts to take possession of his ranch to extend its missile range at White Sands, John Vogelin undertakes a life of defiance
 id : 241618 ISBN : 0373638213  | name : Hellbound Fury  |  description : "Outlanders is a long-running series of science-fiction novels created by Mark Ellis. Although published with the 'James Axler' byline, the series is primarily (although not exclusively) written by its creator Mark Ellis. There are currently over 50 books in the series."--Wikipedia.
 id : 241619 ISBN : 0451190238  | name : Final Thunder  |  description : Featuring characters from the author's previous novel, Black Wolf, the story of a plane crash in Utah follows the struggle of an elite U.S. military team to get to the survivors ahead of a group of terrorists. Original.
 id : 241621 ISBN : 0867211431  | name : Green Willow  |  description : Selene Prescott falls in love with the courageous pioneer, Alex Berry, and helps him to achieve his dream of creating a thriving community out of the wilderness
 id : 241622 ISBN : 0531142639  | name : Mollusks  |  description : Examines different types of mollusks, including snails, slugs, limpets, and squids.
 id : 241624 ISBN : 0764800892  | name : Children's Visions of Heaven and Hell  |  description : Parents, teachers, children, & everyone who has ever wondered about the spiritual life of children will delight in this remarkable book. During the familiar, interactive "Circle Time," compiler Timothy Freke asked children ages 6 to 9 their views on life after death. Their candor will delight readers of all ages. Illustrated in full color with the youngsters' own vivid drawings, their responses are as insightful as they are charming.
 id : 241627 ISBN : 0425046125  | name : Old New York  |  description : Four tales by this noted American novelist create a detailed picture of life in New York as she imagined it over a span of forty years
 id : 241629 ISBN : 0910614024  | name : The Mainspring of Human Progress  |  description : "In some respects ... a condensation of Rose Wilder Lane's book, The discovery of freedom." Bibliography: p. 267-271
 id : 241630 ISBN : 0878577521  | name : The New Seed Starter's Handbook  |  description : Describes the advantages of starting seeds indoors, discusses containers, growing media, light, and water, and tells how to transplant young plants into the garden
 id : 241631 ISBN : 0345410025  | name : The Memory Book  |  description : Unleash the hidden power of your mind It’s there in all of us. A mental resource we don’t think much about. Memory. And now there’s a way to master its power. . . . Through Harry Lorayne and Jerry Lucas’s simple, fail-safe memory system, you can become more effective, more imaginative, and more powerful at work, at school, in sports, and at play. • Read with speed and greater understanding. • File phone numbers, data, figures, and appointments right in your head. • Send those birthday and anniversary cards on time. • Learn foreign words and phrases with ease. • Shine in the classroom and shorten study hours. • Dominate social situations: Remember and use important personal details. Begin today. The change in your life will be unforgettable
 id : 241637 ISBN : 0385495935  | name : Quit Your Job Often and Get Big Raises!  |  description : A real world practical guide to dramatically increase your wages, as told by an average working stiff who quit four jobs in five years and tripled his pay! The proven, step-by-step approach to strategically changing jobs and exponentially improving your salary and career. The rules have changed. Mergers, acquisitions, downsizing, re-engineering, outsourcing, massive layoffs, and the global economy have reshaped the job market. It's no longer enough to work year after year for incremental pay raises in exchange for job security. Employers today are driven by the bottom line; by and large, company loyalty and commitment have gone the way of the dinosaurs. To get ahead in today's world you have to manage your career like your finances, by constantly planning ahead for your next job. Quit Your Job Often and Get Big Raises shows you how to get ahead--and dramatically increase your salary--by changing jobs frequently and leveraging your current position for something better. It shows you why you should do it, when to do it, and how to do it. You'll discover: How to identify the industries with strong future growth Why the ability to market yourself is crucial--and how to do it When you should begin looking for your next job How to hit the ground running when you do change jobs And much, much more!
 id : 241638 ISBN : 1885228554  | name : The Leadership Secrets of Santa Claus  |  description : This book is based on the belief that effective leaders accomplish big things by giving emplyees clear goals, solid accountabilities, and ongoing feedback, coaching and recognition.
 id : 241641 ISBN : 0671625713  | name : Coroner at Large  |  description : Answers questions about a new series of Hollywood deaths, including those of Elvis Presley and Sal Mineo, examines the murder cases of Jean Harris and Claus von Bulow, and provides insights into the controversial deaths of Hitler, Custer, and Napoleon
 id : 241642 ISBN : 1879682028  | name : 50 Simple Things Your Business Can Do to Save the Earth  |  description : Shows ways that businesses can help protect the environment, such as supplying coffee mugs instead of disposable cups, recycling, and encouraging ridesharing and vanpooling
 id : 241643 ISBN : 0349115125  | name : Broken Bodies  |  description : Patrick Browning first sees Anne Fitzgerald in the British Museum, her head tilted, watching the beautiful frozen stone bodies of the Elgin Marbles. Both are young historians, and both have been drawn to research the same subject: Mary Nisbet, the notorious wife of Lord Elgin. Anne thinks the present is thin and frightening, but finds the past compelling; Patrick's lover claims he likes life at one remove, preferring the woman in a book to one in real life. But before long, their research spills over into an all too real rivalry, a rivalry charged with tension and attraction - a rivalry which twists their own, scarred love affairs to breaking point . . .
 id : 241644 ISBN : 0425048004  | name : The Master Sniper  |  description : During the final months of World War II, British Intelligence learns of a secret rifle the Germans are developing and must send a special team to try and disrupt the assassination assignment of a German sharpshooter armed with the new weapon
 id : 241645 ISBN : 1891929992  | name : Moonshine Express  |  description : Rob and his friend Katie are on the run from Seminole Indians who are criminals because they were seen committing a crime.
 id : 241646 ISBN : 037326027X  | name : Cold Trail  |  description : Lieutenant Luis Mendoza, a gentleman of independent means who does police work for the challenge and enjoyment, has noting to follow but his hunches as he attempts to track down a murderous rapist and child molester
 id : 241647 ISBN : 0739424793  | name : The Loner  |  description : Meet the Blackthornes and the Creeds. two powerful Texas dynasties and lifelong enemies.
 id : 241648 ISBN : 0451170393  | name : The Boy Who Would Be King  |  description : The cousin of Elvis chronicles the King's poor beginnings in Mississippi; his relationship with his abusive, alcoholic mother; his fame; his service in the army; courtship with Priscilla; days in Vegas; and his tragic death.
 id : 241650 ISBN : 0671441124  | name : Two for Texas  |  description : Out of print since 1991, Two for Texas is a rip-roaring historical novel about the Texas Revolution of 1835. No reader of Burke's bestselling Dave Robicheaux detective novels will want to miss this marvelous work that pre-dates his success.
 id : 241655 ISBN : 0394462742  | name : Ladies and Gentlemen - Lenny Bruce!!  |  description : From the Peter Neil Issacs collection.
 id : 241656 ISBN : 1842930648  | name : It So Happened That  |  description : Ramesh Balsekar has given talks and seminars in the US, Europe, and South India. Though he always addresses the same subject—Consciousness and the teachings of pure Advaita (or non-duality)—he never speaks about it in exactly the same way twice. But one thing remains constant: his wit, humor, and smart comic timing, as well as his deep wisdom. Here, in one collection, are his engaging stories, jokes, quotes, and anecdotes: the heart of Balsekar's inspirational Advaitic teachings. Among the writing included are essays discussing free will, the thinking and the working mind, children and their understanding, and self-inquiry, as well as prayers and personal tales about Ramesh’s own life.
 id : 241657 ISBN : 0881030902  | name : The Book of Three  |  description : The fantasy adventures of a young pig-keeper who wants to become a hero.
 id : 241658 ISBN : 0192801392  | name : Anglo-Saxon England  |  description : This book covers the emergence of the earliest English kingdoms to the establishment of the Anglo-Norman monarchy in 1087. Professor Stenton examines the development of English society, describes the chief phases in the history of the Anglo-Saxon Church, and studies the unification of Britain begun by the kings of Mercia, and completed by the kings of Wessex. The result is a fascinating insight into this period of English history.
 id : 241663 ISBN : 0192853740  | name : Indian Philosophy: A Very Short Introduction  |  description : On the schools of Indian philosophy
 id : 241664 ISBN : 0137486251  | name : Reality Architecture  |  description : Leads the reader from basic 3D design principles through to the actual creation of comple× 3D environments. The te×t is illustrated with diagrams, 3D rendered scenes and e×ample source code in Java and VRML is included on the CD-ROM.
 id : 241666 ISBN : 0201737906  | name : The Procmail Companion  |  description : The complete guide to procmail, the #1 open source email and list management tool. Power techniques for controlling email--and avoiding spam. Learn to use procmail as a mailing list processor and mail delivery agent. Includes numerous case studies, practical examples, and a detailed reference section full of tips, tricks, and solutions.
 id : 241667 ISBN : 0385337051  | name : Death: A User's Guide  |  description : Everything you always wanted to know about life when you’re six feet under. Let’s face it, death is one of the most important events in life--and it never hurts to be prepared. Herein you’ll explore such provocative questions as: Is there life after death? Is the Hereafter sexist? And most important: How do you know you’re dead? This eye-opening collection of amusing tidbits, historical facts, and macabre curiosities probes the mysterious state that has stymied scholars and spiritualists since the beginning of time. Did you know… * An Australian woman had her husband’s ashes inserted in her breast implants, to keep him close to her heart (see page 118) * Heavy drinking combined with excess body fat can result in Spontaneous Human Combustion (see page 191) * Statistically, you’re more likely to be killed by walking (660–1) than by lightning (55,000–1) (see page 193) PLUS Sex and Death * Graves of the Rich and Famous * Body Snatching and Grave Robbing * Ghosts, Ghouls, and the Undead * And Much More!
 id : 241668 ISBN : 0679807020  | name : The Secret Keeper  |  description : Sixteen-year-old Annie comes face to face with murder and kidnapping during what had promised to be a pleasant summer on Lake Michigan.
 id : 241670 ISBN : 1585421847  | name : A Sideways Look at Time  |  description : The author takes a fresh look at time, unraveling its many mysteries and looking back at cycles of time that are lost to modern humans. Reprint. 12,500 first printing.
 id : 241671 ISBN : 1855381346  | name : Celtic Lore  |  description : This book shows readers how the Celts view on consultative democracy, environmental issues and women's rights are echoed in contemporary policies, and how they are continuing to shape political and religious ideas.
 id : 241673 ISBN : 1881830292  | name : Friends  |  description : Warm-hearted thoughts on special friendships.
 id : 241675 ISBN : 0451514602  | name : A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court  |  description : This edition of A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court reprints the text of the first American edition, approved by Clemens and published by his own company.
 id : 241676 ISBN : 0806922516  | name : Fabulous Painted Furniture  |  description : Fantastic and fanciful designs, simple and irresistible techniques, and projects that give new life to old or unfinished furniture: all it takes is paint, stain, and paper to decorate to your hearts content.
 id : 241678 ISBN : 0440212901  | name : Facade  |  description : A stranger who resembles a character Thomas once played drives the popular actor to madness as he roams the moonlit beaches near Thomas's home, butchering innocent victims. By the author of Gallery of His Dreams. Original.
 id : 241679 ISBN : 0515135836  | name : An Echo of War  |  description : In 1918, four Allied soldiers stumble across a deadly biological weapon and vow to keep it from falling into the wrong hands. In 2003, a group of Bosnian terrorists wants it. Agent Briggs Tanner must follow a trail through the Alps to the heart of where it all began--before millions of lives are lost. Original.
 id : 241681 ISBN : 0671518984  | name : The Quick and the Dead  |  description : Ellen McKenzie returns to Redemption, where her father had been marshal before outlaws took over the town, to enter the quick draw contest and to kill the leader, and encounters Cort, a former gunman turned preacher who has been brought to town in chains
 id : 241682 ISBN : 0673521265  | name : The Tragedy of Vietnam  |  description : Long periods of sweltering weather can scorch crops, cause widespread famine, and kill animals and people. This book explores how heat affects the human body, how long periods of hot weather occur, and how to stay safe during times of extreme heat or lack of water.
 id : 241683 ISBN : 0345425391  | name : Song of the Exile  |  description : In this epic, original novel in which Hawaii's fierce, sweeping past springs to life, Kiana Davenport, author of the acclaimed Shark Dialogues, draws upon the remarkable stories of her people to create a timeless, passionate tale of love and survival, tragedy and triumph, survival and transcendence. In spellbinding, sensual prose, Song of the Exile follows the fortunes of the Meahuna family--and the odyssey of one resilient man searching for his soul mate after she is torn from his side by the forces of war. From the turbulent years of World War II through Hawaii's complex journey to statehood, this mesmerizing story presents a cast of richly imagined characters who rise up magnificent and forceful, redeemed by the spiritual power and the awesome beauty of their islands.
 id : 241684 ISBN : 0451406710  | name : Line of Duty  |  description : "Brilliant...fans of Tom Clancy and Scott Turow will love Merline Lovelace...exciting...gutsy...powerful."- Affaire de Coeur "Lovelace has created an interesting background for this sizzling romance. The sparks flying explode off the page."- Rendezvous "Evocative...high-energy...moves at an incredible pace...keeps the suspense taut and the romance hot...a high-flying suspense novel from an obviously accomplished writer."- Gothic Journal "Strong, action-packed stuff from Lovelace."- Publishers Weekly "Extraordinarily powerful... The best writer of military romantic suspense today."- I Love a Mystery
 id : 241688 ISBN : 3785706847  | name : Das Blut der Könige  |  description : Forts. v.: Die Kinder des Gral. - Das abenteuerreiche und phantastische Schicksal der Gralserben im Kampf europäischer und orientalischer Mächte zur Zeit der Kreuzzüge.
 id : 241689 ISBN : 0446345490  | name : Witch Woman  |  description : Branded as a witch because of her passionate spirit and determination beautiful Lynn Trevor escapes to the American colonies as the reluctant wife of handsome, aristocratic rogue Clay Penley
 id : 241690 ISBN : 0440586690  | name : To Burn Again Brightly  |  description : Britt Vandekker, son of a Dutch plantation owner and a Javanese mother, is caught between the occupying British forces and a native rebellion led by his half brother
 id : 241691 ISBN : 0330347667  | name : In Control, Ms. Wiz?  |  description : Ms. Wiz is back again with plans to help her student friends prevent a nearbylibrary from being closed down.
 id : 241694 ISBN : 0373164467  | name : The Trouble with Terry  |  description : The Trouble With Terry by Jacqueline Diamond released on May 25, 1992 is available now for purchase.
 id : 241695 ISBN : 0913543705  | name : The Mis-education of the Negro  |  description : Reissue of a 1933 book in which the author argues that the American educational system is designed to conform to the needs of white people and as such has been responsible for fostering attitudes of subservience and shame in African-Americans.
 id : 241696 ISBN : 0747549230  | name : Old Magic  |  description : When Kate first sees Jarrod she knows he is special and that he also has magical powers. Soon Kate's grandmother realises that Jarrod and his family have an ancient curse placed upon them, and they will have to undo the past and reshape the future.
 id : 241697 ISBN : 0373164459  | name : Home Free  |  description : Home Free by Cathy Gillen Thacker released on May 25, 1992 is available now for purchase.
 id : 241698 ISBN : 0553232304  | name : Deadwood City  |  description : By following the instructions at the bottom of each page, the reader can have several different adventures in the Old West.
 id : 241701 ISBN : 0553579649  | name : The Legend  |  description : When she finds out that Galen de Marlowe has moved into her castle, young widow Honor Jennings brings to life the legend of a wailing woman at Durance Castle to chase him away. Galen has premonitions of a royal murder, and his thoughts are interrupted by a beguiling woman. No ghostly disguise can hide the fact Honor is flesh and blood, and irresistible to kiss.
 id : 241702 ISBN : 3895080659  | name : Werke in fünf Bänden I.  |  description : Heinrich Heine hat das Buch der Lieder, das 1827 zuerst erschien, als sein "Hauptbuch" betrachtet und geplant. In ihm wird das Thema unglücklicher Liebe zum Kristallisationskern der Auseinandersetzung mit der Wirklichkeit. Heine greift vielfach auf überlieferte lyrische Formen und Redeweisen zurück, variiert und kritisiert sie jedoch in dem Bewußtsein, daß die poetisch vermittelte vor der "wirklichen" Welt standhalten muß. Daraus entsteht der eigentümliche "Heine- Ton", der von der Romantik geprägte Lesererwartungen mitunter enttäuscht. Das Buch der Lieder galt auch vielen Zeitgenossen als Heines Hauptbuch, für sie wurde es zum Inbegriff des Lyrischen, und wirklich ist die deutsche Sprache selten so mühelos und klangvoll gehandhabt worden wie in diesen Gedichten. Maßgebend für das Bild, das man sich später vom Lyriker Heine machte, waren ungezählte Vertonungen und zahlreiche populäre Anthologien, die indessen dem "entdornten" Heine den Vorzug gaben. Was für Heines Werk insgesamt gilt, trifft auch auf das Buch der Lieder zu: Es wurde bewundert und verurteilt - nie aber hat es seine Leser gleichgültig gelassen. "Wenn es um Heine ging, wurde in Deutschland seit eh und je scharf geschossen. Ein geborener Provokateur war er und ein ewiger Ruhestörer ... Er ging ins Exil, um nie in Deckung gehen zu müssen. Seine Biographie reicht vom jüdischen Mittelalter bis zur europäischen Neuzeit, sein Werk führt von der deutschen Romantik zur Moderne der Deutschen ... Stets setzte er sich zwischen alle Stühle. Und fast will es scheinen, als sei da immer noch sein Platz. Aber es spricht nicht gegen Heine, dass sein Werk uns immer wieder beunruhigt. Dass es noch ist, was es war: eine Provokation und eine Zumutung." Marcel Reich-Ranicki
 id : 241703 ISBN : 0396093132  | name : Outlaw Tamer  |  description : Sent up in the mountains to find the white mare belonging to the alluring Catalina Mirandos, who swears that she will marry the man who brings back her horse, Sandy Sewyen must escape the trap set by Peter Dunstan and his crew in order to return the horse
 id : 241704 ISBN : 0373243383  | name : Maternal Instincts  |  description : Maternal Instincts by Beth Henderson released on Jun 23, 2000 is available now for purchase.
 id : 241707 ISBN : 0747552363  | name : In the Blue House  |  description : Passionate and sweeping - an epic story of love and betrayal in a time of revolution
 id : 241709 ISBN : 0007107110  | name : Saving Grace  |  description : Tie-in to the forthcoming Fox/Sky comedy 'Saving Grace', starring Brenda Blethyn, Craig Ferguson, Martin Clunes and Leslie Phillips.
 id : 241711 ISBN : 9751407729  | name : Mediterranean Waltz  |  description : Novel.
 id : 241712 ISBN : 1557730067  | name : Ari  |  description : Based on months of conversations with Onassis and interviews with those who knew him, this biography reveals the complex personality of the man whose business dealings manipulated history and shook governments
 id : 241714 ISBN : 155828589X  | name : The LINUX Network  |  description : Provides step-by-step directions on running a LINUX system as a network and includes a bonus CD-ROM that contains the newest version of LINUX Slackware. Original. (Advanced).
 id : 241715 ISBN : 033034871X  | name : Time Flies for Ms Wiz  |  description : Jack should never have played with Ms Wiz's new time machine—now he's vanished in a puff of smoke. To rescue him, Nabila takes off on a weird journey into history and discovers that even time flies when you're travelling with Ms Wiz.
 id : 241716 ISBN : 0590335952  | name : The Ghost who Wanted to be a Star  |  description : Accompanying Tripper's father to Scotland where he's making a documentary about the salvaging of a treasure ship, Sam and Tripper investigate a ghostly apparition.
 id : 241717 ISBN : 0736902597  | name : Whatever Tomorrow Brings  |  description : After their mother dies, Kaitlin Donovan must rely on her faith to hold the family together until their father returns to San Francisco, and they can begin a new life.
 id : 241718 ISBN : 0330348698  | name : Ms. Wiz Goes Live  |  description : Ms Wiz går til TV.
 id : 241719 ISBN : 0590691791  | name : Mary Anne and the Music Box Secret  |  description : Whiled cleaning up Granny and Pop-Pop's basement, Mary Anne stumbles upon a tightly wrapped package that contains a surprising secret from the past. Original.
 id : 241720 ISBN : 1573927953  | name : The Joy of Self-pleasuring  |  description : Psychiatrist and sex therapist Edward L. Rowan, M.D., has written this unique book to encourage us all to come out of the closet. Masturbation is surely one of the most common human activities, and yet most of us react to the subject with embarrassment. Americans are generally so uncomfortable with the topic that former Surgeon General Joycelyn Elders was fired for indiscreetly suggesting in public that high school kids masturbate as a way of avoiding HIV infection. Dr. Rowan points to the Elders incident as evidence that we are still victims of a negative cultural attitude spawned by the sin and sickness models of early Church fathers and medical practitioners who did not know any better. Unfortunately, they established a pattern of shame and guilt that is difficult to overcome in spite of our current knowledge. Although masturbation is now recognized as a therapeutic tool in addressing sexual dysfunction and problematic arousal patterns, Rowan argues that it can be much more. Good orgasms, whether alone or with a partner, provide a sense of well-being and personal autonomy. Relationships are better when one does not have to depend solely on a partner to make them whole. Masturbation is also the safest form of safe sex. While masturbation is a universal behavior, there are differences in motivation, frequency, technique, and fantasy patterns between men and women. Rowan discusses these differences while emphasizing that masturbation can be good sex and should be experienced for pleasure not just as a tension release. Our attitudes are due for a change, says Dr. Rowan, and The Joy of Self-Pleasuring is designed to promote that change while offering the reader information, insight, and humor as well.
 id : 241724 ISBN : 0553158333  | name : Molly's Pilgrim  |  description : Told to make a doll like a pilgrim for the Thanksgiving display at school, Molly's Jewish mother dresses the doll as she herself dressed before leaving Russia to seek religious freedom--much to Molly's embarrassment.
 id : 241725 ISBN : 0752843044  | name : Cold Steel Rain  |  description : Down-town corruption in New Orleans - a thriller.
 id : 241726 ISBN : 0451144805  | name : Dirty Money  |  description : Benny Freedman, a half-Jewish, half-Irish California cop with a yen for poetry and the martial arts, tangles with a ruthless Mafia family over the six-million dollars Benny has in the bank
 id : 241727 ISBN : 0571132065  | name : The Paper Men  |  description : English novelist Wilfred Barclay, who has known fame, success, and fortune, is in crisis. He faces a drinking problem slipping over the borderline into alcoholism, a dead marriage, and the incurable itch of middle age lust. But the final, unbearable irritation is American Professor of English Literature Rick L. Tucker, who is implacable in his determinition to become The Barclay Man: authorized biographer, editor of the posthumous papers and the recognized authority.
 id : 241729 ISBN : 0376021772  | name : Sunset Cook Book of Favorite Recipes I  |  description : A guide to preparing pleasing family meals that contains suggestions for appetizers, main dishes, accompaniments, desserts, beverages, and condiments
 id : 241735 ISBN : 0399130942  | name : Charles & Diana  |  description : Tells the story behind the fairy tale of the "greatest royal romance of our century", between Prince Charles and Lady Diana Spencer.
 id : 241737 ISBN : 055305323X  | name : Born Royal  |  description : Beginning in the reign of Queen Victoria and ending with King Edward VIII's abdication (for the woman he loved), Born Royal recounts a family saga as colorful as fiction. Hough was given access to the Windsor diaries and letters. 24 pages of photos.
 id : 241739 ISBN : 038526321X  | name : Elizabeth and Philip  |  description : The untold story of the Queen of England and her prince.
 id : 241741 ISBN : 0376023120  | name : Convection Oven Cook Book  |  description : Offers recipes for meats, poultry, seafood, vegetables, egg and cheese dishes, breads, and desserts that make use of the timeand energy-saving convection oven
 id : 241742 ISBN : 0553229540  | name : Westward the Tide  |  description : A girl, gold, and rich pasture beckons Matt Bardoul to a wagon train headed toward Big Horns and a pack of sidewinders.
 id : 241743 ISBN : 0060914378  | name : The Hungarian Cookbook  |  description : "Our appetite for this interesting cuisine, a melding of Germanic, Slavic, Tartar, and Turkish influences, has been whetted by [this] excellent new work."--New York Times
 id : 241746 ISBN : 0821762125  | name : Eternal Outlaw  |  description : A DEAL WITH THE DEVIL Kansas 1890's. Riding in Coffeyville with the notorious Dalton Gang, Johnny Logan never expected a simple bank robbery to go so murderously wrong. Limping away from the carnage, he finds himself facing death...and the devil himself. For eternal life, Johnny will agree to almost anything -- even returning to the scene of the crime every hundred years. At least until an angelic blond gives him a reason to regret his choice... AN ANGEL'S EMBRACE Kansas 1999. Angelica Newland was still smarting from a bad marriage when she took a job with Logan Enterprises and found herself swept off her feet by her darkly handsome boss, the infamous corporate lion, John Logan. But when Logan's mysterious secrets plunge her into the past with him, they begin a desperate race against time -- to reclaim Logan's soul...and the love they had found in each other's arms. "A master of the genre, " (Rendezvous) award-winning author Georgina Gentry sweeps readers into the turbulent American West with this passionate story of a man and a woman bound by desire-and destined to shatter the bonds of time...
 id : 241747 ISBN : 0445405880  | name : Any Man's Death  |  description : Peter Macklin, an assassin for organized crime, is assigned to prevent the killing of an outspoken TV evangelist by a rival gang, only to learn the rival killer is his teenage son
 id : 241748 ISBN : 0771045573  | name : Hilmar and Odette  |  description : Tells the story of Hilmar Netter and Oddette Arens both half-Jewish and both raised by "Aryan" families in prewar Germany
 id : 241749 ISBN : 2702400140  | name : Mon petit doigt m'a dit...  |  description : Dans ce livre nous retrouvons des héros familiers aux lecteurs d'Agatha Christie : Tommy et Tuppence Beresford qui, par goût de l'aventure, fondèrent une agence de détectives privés. Ils ont vieilli et, retirés des affaires, ils goûtaient des jours paisibles jusqu'au moment où ils se rendent au "Coteau ensoleillé", maison de retraite pour personnes âgées où vit une tante de Tommy, Ada. Tante Ada s'éteint doucement et une pensionnaire - Mrs Lancaster - part dans des conditions si mystérieuses que Tuppence est intriguée. Malgré les moqueries de son mari, elle décide de retrouver cette Mrs Lancaster. Lorsque Tommy rentrera chez lui après avoir assisté à une conférence, ce sera pour apprendre que sa femme n'est pas revenue de la mission qu'elle s'est imposée.
 id : 241751 ISBN : 0312852894  | name : The Eagles' Brood  |  description : In the colony known as Camulod, populated with the descendants of those brave Romans who forged a new way of life for Celt and Roman after the Roman legions departed Britain, Cauis Merlyn Britannicus and his cousin, Uther Pendragon, confront a vicious crime that threatens to separate them.
 id : 241752 ISBN : 0962140406  | name : The Glorious Seasons of Sedona  |  description : Color photos depicting the beautiful landscapes of Sedona are arranged by the year's four seasons.
 id : 241753 ISBN : 0811800229  | name : Marin  |  description : Bargain Books are non-returnable. Featuring this popular and photogenic California county just over the Golden Gate Bridge, "Marin" is finally available in paperback. Thoughtfully written and lavishly illustrated with over 130 stunning, full-color photographs, "Marin" has frequently appeared on the "San Francisco Chronicle" bestseller list since its hardcover publication in 1993. Featuring personal interviews with longtime residents and detailed descriptions of each location from Sausalito to Point Reyes, "Marin" offers an intimate portrait of the natural splendor, intriguing history, and everyday life of this magical place. Visit S.F. Gate to find out what's happening in Bay Area news, entertainment, sports, and more.
 id : 241754 ISBN : 9026314183  | name : Zijn bliksem, zijn donder  |  description : Brede historische en inhoudelijke bespreking van de Mattheus Passie van J.S. Bach.
 id : 241755 ISBN : 0373700105  | name : Heart's Fury  |  description : Heart's Fury by Lucy Lee released on Nov 24, 1981 is available now for purchase.
 id : 241756 ISBN : 0812510542  | name : Levine  |  description : This collection of stories traces the hard-working, danger-filled days of middle-aged Brooklyn detective Abe Levine, a man struggling with conflict and death
 id : 241758 ISBN : 0553053272  | name : The Day Before Midnight  |  description : When a band of terrorists initiates a plot to gain control of the launch key to an MX missile, the computer whiz who designed the missile site's defenses tackles the challenge of thwarting them. But if he fails, the terrorists will launch an attack that could devastate the entire planet.
 id : 241759 ISBN : 0345295129  | name : Molly Gallagher  |  description : Her lover's obsession with vengeance threatens to keep him and Molly forever apart
 id : 241761 ISBN : 0553275984  | name : Island of the Swans  |  description : Believing her childhood love, Thomas Fraser, to be dead, Jane Maxwell marries the enigmatic Alexander, Duke of Gordon, only to have Fraser return and attempt to woo her once again
 id : 241762 ISBN : 0553373471  | name : Rituals of Healing  |  description : Written by three internationally respected women healers, authors, and holistic health pioneers, Rituals of Healing is the first book to integrate a traditional approach to medicine with complementary mind-body techniques for healing and maintaining wellness.
 id : 241763 ISBN : 2264019042  | name : Haroun et la mer des histoires  |  description : Ce conte entraîne le lecteur à la reconquête de l'imagination, cette mine d'or où son humour et sa verve allument un feu de joie en l'honneur de la littérature, c'est-à-dire de la liberté.
 id : 241764 ISBN : 2011667291  | name : LE PERE GORIOT  |  description : - Ah! si j'étais riche, si j'avais gardé ma fortune, si je ne la leur avais pas donnée, elles seraient là, elles me lècheraient les joues de leurs baisers! Le père Goriot.
 id : 241765 ISBN : 0553289527  | name : El Lazo  |  description : Separated from his crew after a shipwreck off the coast of California, John Clinton Ryan, called "El Lazo" because of his prowess with a rope, builds a new life for himself, until his cruel former captain tracks him down
 id : 241767 ISBN : 2253052329  | name : Lettres volées  |  description : Vingt-cinq textes que l'on entend, que l'on voit prononcés par ce comédien dru et cru. Révélation d'une tendresse présumée et d'une sagesse foncière. Sympathique et original.
 id : 241768 ISBN : 091629160X  | name : Contemplating Your Bellybutton  |  description : A delightful, straightforward book to help answer children's questions about birth, babies, and their own anatomy. Definitely worth contemplating!
 id : 241770 ISBN : 0764226819  | name : Heart of a Lion  |  description : Noah struggles to resist the siren call of the world's pleasures while straining to hear the voice of his father's God.
 id : 241771 ISBN : 1581342489  | name : The Power of His Presence  |  description : One of the Bible's most marvelous truths is that Christians are temples of the living God. This book explains how Christians can make this truth a living reality and learn to savor the sweetness of their salvation.
 id : 241772 ISBN : 0764226223  | name : The Fiery Ring  |  description : When tragedy leaves Joy Winslow and her brother homeless and separated in drought-stricken North Dakota, Joy is forced to ride the rails to find him. While working with the big cats in a circus, she learns her brother was falsely imprisoned in Mexico. Being pulled in several directions, Joy must above all find peace in her own heart.
 id : 241773 ISBN : 9053330763  | name : Buslucht  |  description : Tijdens een lange nachtelijke bustocht van Nederland naar de wintersport bezinnen een jonge man en vrouw zich op hun relatie.
 id : 241774 ISBN : 2266067338  | name : Le cycle de la fondation  |  description : La 4e de couverture indique : L'univers uni, c'est fini. L'Empire galactique se désagrège. Trente mille ans de chaos sont au programme. Et moi, j'en ai trop fait et je suis las. Oui, je m'appelle Hari Seldon et je vois que ce nom vous dit quelque chose. Tout ce que j'ai fait, c'est de poser les équations et d'agir. Les équations ne mentent pas. D'ailleurs vous le savez. Je ne voudrais pas jouer les prophètes, mais quand j'allume mon Premier Radiant, je lis l'avenir de l'humanité. Le chaos prévu sera réduit à un petit millier d'années. Je ne pourrai pas y veiller personnellement, mais tout est en place. Je me suis laissé accaparer par ma tâche et, à l'heure de partir, je regrette d'avoir négligé les gens qui m'accompagnaient. Mais ce n'est pas moi qui ai décidé. Les équations ne me laissaient aucune échappatoire. Je continue à venir ici dans mon bureau. Je crois parfois y entendre résonner des voix, celles de mes parents, de mes étudiants, de mes collègues... de Wanda... mais les couloirs sont vides. La Fondation est faite et le bâtiment de psychohistoire ne sert plus à rien. La suite se passe ailleurs.
 id : 241775 ISBN : 2070334759  | name : Le petit Nicolas et les copains  |  description : Roman d'humour - enfant - vie quotidienne - amitié.
 id : 241778 ISBN : 0821740709  | name : Target  |  description : As the new militant leader of Cuba, Carlos Iglesias finally sees his chance to take revenge against the United States for the death of his father during the Bay of Pigs invasion. Original.
 id : 241780 ISBN : 0373196970  | name : West Texas Bride  |  description : West Texas Bride by Madeline Baker released on Oct 24, 2003 is available now for purchase.
 id : 241782 ISBN : 0964613727  | name : Memo to All Employees  |  description : MEMO TO ALL EMPLOYEES is the second book of poetry by Daniel X. O'Neil, a nationally-known performance poet based in Chicago. O'Neil bridges the printed gap between the thriving Spoken Word poetry movement & the publishing world. O'Neil draws his immediate, gripping style from the daily newspaper & his use of cultural figures from pop art. His performance moniker is "The Worldwide Entertainment Juggernaut of the 21st Century." Through superior graphic design he reduces a sweeping, grand performance style to the page in an electrifying way. Pre-World War I Futurism has helped shape his poetic mission, which places the poet at the center of society instead of on the freaky, inconsequential fringe. This volume has love poems, narrative portraits, & experiments in the Beat Breath. It also contains a verse drama & a poetic essay on the 1993 government raid on the Koreshians in Waco, Texas. Many poems have "stage directions" which set the tone & open up new levels of meaning. The result is a lively, highly literary, & gigantically entertaining volume of poetry that destroys the concept that poetry is a "tough sell." This book is dedicated to the public library. All book orders are taken directly through Juggernaut, P.O. Box 3824, Chicago, IL 60654-0824, or call 312-907- 8947.
 id : 241786 ISBN : 0060911859  | name : The Courage to Grieve  |  description : This unusual self-help book about surviving grief offers the reader comfort and inspiration. Each of us will face some loss, sorrow and disappointment in our lives, and The Courage to Grieve provides the specific help we need to enable us to face our grief fully and to recover and grow from the experience. Although the book emphasizes the response to the death of a loved one, The Courage to Grieve can help with every kind of loss and grief. Judy Tatelbaum gives us a fresh look at understanding grief, showing us that grief is a natural, inevitable human experience, including all the unexpected, intense and uncomfortable emotions like sorrow, guilt, loneliness, resentment, confusion, or even the temporary loss of the will to live. The emphasis is to clarify and offer help, and the tone is spiritual, optimistic, creative and easy to understand. Judy Tatelbaum provides excellent advice on how to help oneself and others get through the immediate experience of death and the grief that follows, as well as how to understand the special grief of children. Particularly useful are the techniques for completing or "finishing" grief--counteracting the popular misconception that grief never ends. The Courage to Grieve shows us how to live life with the ultimate courage: not fearing death. This book is about so much more than death and grieving it is about life and joy and growth.
 id : 241787 ISBN : 0451122305  | name : The Chinese Spur  |  description : The daring mercenary soldier, Matt Eberhart, attempts to rescue his best friend from a secret prisoner-of-war camp in the jungles of Southeast Asia
 id : 241788 ISBN : 0345355776  | name : The Vulgar Boatman  |  description : When his son is arrested for the brutal murder of a local girl, New England politician Tom Baron turns to lawyer-detective Brady Coyne for help
 id : 241789 ISBN : 0553293508  | name : Fatal Obsession  |  description : After a thirty-year absence, San Francisco private eye John Marshall Tanner returns to his hometown of Chaldea, where he must settle matters concerning the family farm, but the sudden murder of his nephew, Billy, turns his family trip into business as usu
 id : 241790 ISBN : 1860468446  | name : The Way of All Flesh  |  description : Youth is the most sought-after elixir. As old age takes its toll people try to resist, anything is tried to keep decay and death at bay. Midas Dekkers argues that humans should accept decay in a similar manner to the changes of the seasons and the natural break-down process in plants. Decline is the clock by which we tell how far we have travelled; dissolution, not survival, is the norm; and old age is the fulfilment not the failure of our advancing years.
 id : 241792 ISBN : 0312195141  | name : More Red Meat  |  description : Max Cannon is at it again, with his second book of cartoons from his wildly successful comic strip, Red Meat, and it's every bit as twisted and edgy as the first one. Featured in sixty alternative weeklies and college newspapers, representing a combined readership of more than six million, Red Meat has a fervent and loyal fan base. Max Cannon also has an official Red Meat web site, which averages 30,000 page views per week. It was honored with a Cyber Star award from Virtual City magazine.
 id : 241795 ISBN : 0316488542  | name : Knock at a Star  |  description : An anthology of mostly very short poems by standard, contemporary, and anonymous poets, intended to stimulate interest in reading and writing poetry.
 id : 241796 ISBN : 0385124007  | name : The Way of a Pilgrim and The Pilgrim Continues His Way  |  description : This classic work of Russian spirituality has charmed countless readers with its tale of a nineteenth-century peasant seeking the truth with simple humility, finding joy and plenty everywhere in life.
 id : 241797 ISBN : 0385481829  | name : Prize Stories 1996  |  description : For the past three decades, William Abrahams has selected the O. Henry Award winners. Building on a tradition that spans over three quarters of a century, The O. Henry Awards has been "widely regarded as the nation's most prestigious awards for short fiction" (The Atlantic Monthly). Every year, Abrahams has chosen a diverse group of stories and writers to creat a collection that includes perennial favorites as well as an increasing number of lesser known writers, many of whom have gone on to become seminal voices in current American fiction. Prize Stories 1996 is both William Abrahams's thirtieth anniversary as Editor of this landmark collection and his last, which gives this collection a special resonance. The twenty or more stories selected for this honor each yhear are culled from a broad range of American magazines both large and small, offering the reader the full sweep and variety of today's fiction. As in previous years, Prize Stories 1996 concludes with a contributors' notes section including comments by the writers on the inspirations behind their stories, providing readers with a unique entrÚe into the writers' creative processes. Representing the excellence of contemporary fiction writing, these stories demonstrate the continuing strenghth and vitality of the American short story.
 id : 241801 ISBN : 0897322304  | name : The Eclectic Gourmet Guide to San Diego  |  description : Easy to read ratings for quality and value help locals and tourists avoid dining disappointments and overpriced restaurants as they discover the city's best dining establishments.
 id : 241802 ISBN : 0060911514  | name : The Myth of Mental Illness Revised Edition  |  description : Offers historical and epistemological analyses concerning the social definition of mental illness and condemns psychiatry for intervening in and passing judgment on normal human behavioral processes
 id : 241804 ISBN : 0446403121  | name : Dead Skip  |  description : With only seventy-two hours to find out who attacked his partner, Ballard races through Oakland and San Francisco to track down a stripper, an embezzler, and an ex-con. Reprint. NYT.
 id : 241806 ISBN : 0030036828  | name : Gravedigger  |  description : A mystery of artistry and chilling drama, Gravedigger is part of the acclaimed Dave Brandstetter mystery series.
 id : 241807 ISBN : 1931513058  | name : Death by the Riverside  |  description : Finally back in print - the first Micky Knight mystery. It should have been the perfect case for Micky Knight - a simple missing person trace. But this case turned from simple to complex to dangerous to deadly, leading Micky from a bar in the French Quarter to a plantation on the Mississippi, and into the murky water bayous of her youth. She is finally led back into the past that she has tried so desperately to avoid.
 id : 241808 ISBN : 1931513147  | name : Street Rules  |  description : Lieutenant Franco faces a psychotic killer. Case closures are up and homicide rates are down for LAPD's 93rd Homicide Squad. Frank, Lieutenant L.A. Franco, is revitalizing her depleted detective crew while quietly mending private scars. And Frank is about to need all the back she can muster as she faces her own personal demons while trying not to jeopardize her developing relationship with Gail. When a corner hustler turns up dead with a headless rooster in his lap, Frank realizes she's up against Mother Love-Jones, renowned psychic, drug dealer and santerÃ-a priestess. Soon Frank becomes inexorably pulled into Mother Love's ambush. Heedless of the warnings around her, Frank plunges into battle with Mother Love and her violent minions: A battle as dark and deadly as the ancient bloodied sands from which it sprang.
 id : 241810 ISBN : 0848707370  | name : America's Best Recipes  |  description : The best of regional favorites are brought together in one superb volume filled with 500 outstanding recipes culled from a broad array of community cookbooks now in print. Illustrated.
 id : 241814 ISBN : 0394511913  | name : The L.L. Bean Game and Fish Cookbook  |  description : Contains all the information a cook/hunter/angler needs to prepare hearty game and fish meals in camp or at home. There are detailed and illustrated instructions for all procedures needed to prepare and cook game and fish. Over 800 recipes included.
 id : 241815 ISBN : 8466304606  | name : La Novia De Matisse/the Girlfriend of Matisse  |  description : In the world of paintings, art dealers, collectors, and museum thieves, is a fascinating labyrinth ruled by the power of beauty, which can save or destroy any lover. The energy of a work of art never disappears, but can be transformed, venerated, admired. Yet beauty can also cast a curse, especially when it forces you to live on the other side of seduction.
 id : 241817 ISBN : 0671792229  | name : Auto Insurance Alert!  |  description : Criticizes the current automobile insurance system, tells how to reduce insurance costs, and suggests a private, pay-at-the-pump, no-fault system
 id : 241822 ISBN : 0764562290  | name : Frommer's Irreverent Guide to Walt Disney World  |  description : Looking for a travel guide that goes where other guides fear to tread? One that rides roughshod over ad-copy puffery to smartly deliver the real scoop on a destination's sites and attractions? One that dares to be honest, hip, and fun? Look no more. Frommer's Irreverent Travel Guides are wickedly irreverent, unabashedly honest, and downright hilarious, and provide an insider's perspective on which attractions are overrated tourist traps and which are the secret gems that locals love. You'll get the lowdown on restaurants, lodging, and shopping, and even find out what the locals think of you. Like being taken around by a savvy local," said the New York Times. "Hipper and savvier than other guides," concurred Diversion magazine. Never shy about confronting the issues, the Irreverents are guides to real travel in the real world. It's said that if you can't have fun at Walt Disney World®, you may want to check your pulse. But you don't have to be driven mad either by the crowds, the aggressive good cheer, or the gloppy sentiment. With the smart, funny, and straight-shooting Frommer's Irreverent Guide to Walt Disney World® you won't lose your mind--or your kids. Find out which rides and attractions are really worth seeing--and those you shouldn't waste your time on. Find out which Disney food is really worth eating and which isn't. Get insider tips on beating the system, such as how to avoid standing in long lines, and how to get a room with a view. With this refreshingly honest guide your trip to the Magic Kingdom will be both supremely manageable and deliciously fun."
 id : 241824 ISBN : 0886876796  | name : The Jobs Rated Almanac  |  description : Provides up-to-date evaluations of 250 jobs and ranks them according to six vital factors--income, work environment, security, stress, physical demands, and outlook
 id : 241825 ISBN : 0812531078  | name : Japanese Game  |  description : The daughter of the U.S. Vice President is kidnapped in the Philippines and sold to the yakuza as a sex slave. When the gangsters learn who she is, they attempt to blackmail the U.S. into softening its stance in trade negotiations. Enter maverick former CIA agent James Burlane . . . who decides that hardball is the only game the kidnappers will understand.--Booklist.
 id : 241830 ISBN : 0446607185  | name : The Hearing  |  description : Gus Parham has just been nominated to the U.S. Supreme Court. But when an old enemy digs into his past, Gus finds out he has a daughter who had been given up for adoption by his wife before they were married. On the eve of his confirmation, Gus is presented with a videotape of his daughter--and an unspeakable threat. Now he must struggle to preserve his integrity, his family, and his life.
 id : 241832 ISBN : 0312917171  | name : Kingpin  |  description : As the ambitious cocaine trafficker Napoleon Cruz rises in power and ruthlessness, Detective Jack Keveny becomes part of the effort to stop him, with the fates of the two interwined with that of an exotic woman
 id : 241833 ISBN : 0425161862  | name : The Devil's Footprint  |  description : Victor O'Reilly is back with his most explosive novel ever! Hugo Fitzduane - the hero of "Games of the Hangman" and "Rules of the Hunt" - returns to face the Hangman's vengeful lover...in a full-scale assault on American soil. First time in paperback A blockbuster follow-up to Victor O'Reilly's smach hits: "New York TImes" bestsellers " Games of the Hangman" and "Rules of the Hunt"
 id : 241834 ISBN : 0679457216  | name : Prozac Diary  |  description : The author describes the dramatic impact of Prozac and her struggle to cope with the challenges of "normal life" during a decade on the drug.
 id : 241838 ISBN : 0671425714  | name : Mr. American  |  description : For this riotous Edwardian caper, the author of the bestselling "Flashman Papers" presents a raucous adventure that brings America's Wild West to London's West End and features arch-cad Harry Flashman.
 id : 241839 ISBN : 1885211090  | name : Food  |  description : Collects stories about dining experiences in various countries of the world.
 id : 241840 ISBN : 1567996035  | name : Angels  |  description : A pictorial examination of the use of angels in art, legends and lore.
 id : 241841 ISBN : 207041437X  | name : La métamorphose  |  description : Voici l'histoire ... excessivement répugnante, dit l'auteur d'un homme qui se réveille changé en cancrelat. Cette transformation est le châtiment imaginaire que Kafka s'inflige. Et son personnage est celui qui ne peut plus aimer, ni être aimé.
 id : 241842 ISBN : 0764508199  | name : Office XP 9 in 1 Desk Reference For Dummies  |  description : Microsoft Office is a powerful bundle of software: You can write a report, make a spreadsheet, design a database, organize a presentation, create a Web page, and do much, much more. The interface now includes something known as the task pane, a mini-window where you can search for files, import clip art, and perform other tasks as well. You can use foreign-language text and even make translations. You can create Web pages much more easily, and trading data between Office programs now goes more smoothly. You find common tools all across the board in the Office programs. Office XP 9 in 1 Desk Reference For Dummies serves as a reference for all the great things (and maybe a few not-so-great things) that you may need to know when using Windows or any of the Microsoft Office programs: Word, Excel, Access, Outlook, PowerPoint, FrontPage, and Publisher. This book shows you how to get up and running fast so that you have more time to do the things that you really want to do, such as Creating awesome documents and spreadsheets Building dependable databases Putting together engaging, attention-commanding presentations Getting your e-mail and schedule in order Pumping out professional-looking brochures and Web pages Each of the nine minibooks in this indispensable resource includes a Contents at a Glance section and its own index. Expect to explore Windows 98 and Windows Me – from taskbars to toolbars, dialog boxes to menus The powerful Word 2002 word-processing program Excel 2002, the spreadsheet wonder Databases galore with Access 2002 Communication and calendar-keeping possibilities with Outlook PowerPoint 2002, your pal for presentations Web page creation with FrontPage 2002 Desktop publishing made fun and simple via Publisher 2002 Common Office techniques that you can use in all or most of the programs If your goal is to get stuff done without giving away hours of your time (and large portions of your patience), Office XP 9 in 1 Desk Reference For Dummies is all you'll need to work magic with Microsoft's powerful bundle of software products.
 id : 241845 ISBN : 0764502697  | name : PCs for Dummies  |  description : Guide to personal computers written in easy-to-understand language, with information on setting up the computer and auxiliary devices, troubleshooting, Windows 95, DOS fundamentals, CD-ROMs, the Internet, and other related topics.
 id : 241850 ISBN : 1403319944  | name : Full Capacity  |  description : Hidden in the heights of the Colorado Rocky Mountains outside of Denver stands the Complex, a government facility so secret it doesn't officially exist. Within, seven boys suffer from a deadly disease, one that causes them to fear the open air more than anything else, more than any nightmare any child has ever had. They were told to resign themselves to their fate. They were told that finding a cure would be a miracle. They were told they were never going to leave this place as long as they were alive, and that's what they've always believed-- -- until now. Oliver Taylor is leaving the Complex for the first time in fifteen years. He'll breathe unfiltered air. He'll know the touch of another human being. He'll see the world that was denied him. Through a freak twist of fate, he's gone into total remission. The doctors are baffled by his sudden health, but loathe letting him go for other reasons. Oliver knows too much. He simply can't be allowed to go free. Jake Danziger, government operative for the Agency, a branch of the intelligence network with supreme authority, is assigned to him. His job? Be a father figure to a boy who has never had one-- -- and watch him. Watch him closely. But how is Jake supposed to do that when Oliver keeps disappearing? And people keep dying? And Oliver himself seems unaware of anything other than his incredible intelligence, his strength, his speed-- -- and his memories. Shadowy flashes of doctors in surgical masks, of shiny scalpels and a lifetime of agony. Is there another truth hidden within all the secrets?
 id : 241852 ISBN : 0312956894  | name : Trinities  |  description : The Mafia, Asian drug lords, and Wall Street financiers wage an all-out war for control of the world's multi-billion-dollar heroin trade, while a lawman fights a battle for his own soul
 id : 241853 ISBN : 2264025271  | name : La route du retour  |  description : " Avec La Route du retour, Jim Harrison reprend les rênes de la saga familiale entamée avec Dalva. En l'éclairant de l'intérieur avec une subtilité admirable, dans la pénombre de la confidence. Le livre est composé des différents journaux intimes que Dalva et ses proches ont rédigés secrètement, chacun de son côté. Le grand-père, d'abord, John Wesley Northbridge, un doux vieillard un peu toqué qui, à la veille de sa mort, s'envolera à bord d'un petit biplan pétaradant, pour aller chasser l'absolu. La seconde partie du roman donne la parole à Nelse, le fils perdu. C'est un voyageur sans bagages, un éternel vagabond qui dort dans la cabine de son vieux pick-up aux portières décorées d'éclairs. [...] A sa chère Dalva, cette fille du vent qu'il a tant aimée, Jim Harrison fait des adieux pathétiques. Reste la nostalgie. De sa lumière crépusculaire, elle éclaire ce roman où l'auteur des Légendes d'automne fredonne un sublime chant tellurique, une prière cosmique, pour exorciser sa hantise de la mort. Sa voix est inoubliable. " André Clavel, L'Express
 id : 241856 ISBN : 0747245053  | name : The Gutenberg Revolution  |  description : In 1450, all western Europe's books were handcopied and amounted to no more than a single modern library. By 1500 they were printed and numbered in their millions. Printing made possible the development of modern science and literature, and the political shift from statelets to nations. It brought about the biggest chages in human culture since the invention of the alphabet itself.
 id : 241857 ISBN : 0020223714  | name : Short Stories of Jack London  |  description : A selection of London's short stories includes adventure, comedy, social satire, and tall tales
 id : 241858 ISBN : 0884862186  | name : Apples of Gold  |  description : For over 35 years, Jo Petty's classic books of inspiration have been eagerly sought by millions of enthusiastic readers. Now her three bestselling works are brought together in an ultimate gift edition.
 id : 241860 ISBN : 0823407977  | name : Farming  |  description : An introduction, in simple text and illustrations, to farming and the work done on a farm throughout the seasons.
 id : 241862 ISBN : 0451525655  | name : Aesop's Fables  |  description : An adaptation of the classic fables includes "The Fox and the Grapes," "The Ant and the Grasshopper," "The Country Mouse and the City Mouse," and two hundred others
 id : 241864 ISBN : 0393322300  | name : The Zuni Enigma  |  description : Did a group of 13th century Japanese journey to the American Southwest, there to merge with the people, language, and religion of the Zuni tribe? That is the question proposed by an anthropologist in "The Zuni Enigma". 16 illustrations.
 id : 241866 ISBN : 097200260X  | name : Empire of Dreams and Miracles  |  description : A collection of 12 short stories edited by world-famous best-selling author Orson Scott Card (Ender's Game), and Keith Olexa, former managing editor of Starlog, the preeminent Science Fiction news magazine.
 id : 241867 ISBN : 0521626544  | name : The Rise and Fall of Languages  |  description : A different approach to the theories on language evolution and change.
 id : 241869 ISBN : 080327999X  | name : The Game  |  description : On the eve of their wedding, twenty-year-old Jack Fleming arranges a secret ringside seat for his sweetheart to view her only rival: the "game." Through Genevieve's apprehensive eyes, we watch the prizefight that pits her fair young lover, "the Pride of West Oakland," against the savage and brutish John Ponta and that reveals as much about her own nature, and Joe's, as it does about the force that drives the two men in their violent, fateful encounter. ø Responding to a review that took him to task for his realism, Jack London wrote, "I have had these experiences and it was out of these experiences, plus a fairly intimate knowledge of prize-fighting in general, that I wrote The Game." With this intimate realism, London took boxing out of the realm of disreputable topics and set it on a respectable literary course that extends from A. J. Liebling to Ernest Hemingway to Joyce Carol Oates. The familiarity of London's boxing writing testifies to its profound influence on later literary commentators on the sport, while the story The Game tells remains one of the most powerful and evocative portraits ever given of prizefighters in the grip of their passion.
 id : 241871 ISBN : 1569715319  | name : Blade of the Immortal: The gathering II  |  description : Manji, a ronin warrior of feudal Japan, has been cursed with immortality and to rid his eternal suffering and lift the curse, he must slay one thousand enemies, and his quest begins with a young girl who seeks revenge on her parents' killers.
 id : 241872 ISBN : 1563898020  | name : Green Arrow  |  description : Writer/director Kevin Smith (Clerks, Chasing Amy, Dogma) delivers an awe-inspiring tale which resurrects DC Comics' original Emerald Archer -- the legendary Green Arrow! Stunningly rendered by the top talents of Phil Hester and Ande Parks, Green Arrow: Quiver follows Oliver Queen through man's most uncharted realms -- life, death, and back to life again. This deluxe hardcover edition collects the first ten issues of the best-selling Green Arrow monthly series, includes the original painted covers by Matt Wagner and features a new introduction by Kevin Smith. Book jacket.
 id : 241873 ISBN : 0782140777  | name : Complete Java 2 Certification Study Guide  |  description : This Study Guide provides: In-depth coverage of every exam objective for the revised Programmer2s Exam for J2SE 1.4 Hundreds of challenging practice questions, in the book and on the CD Leading-edge exam preparation software Authoritative coverage of all Programmer2s exam objectives, including: Language fundamentals Operators and assignments Modifiers Converting and casting Flow control, exceptions, and assertions Objects and classes Threads The java.lang and java.util packages Input and output In-depth coverage of the topics covered in the Developer2s exam, including: Swing components and events Layout managers Enhancing and extending the database Writing the network protocol Designing the user interface GUI prototyping Building the database server Connecting the client and server Preparing the upload Note: CD-ROM/DVD and other supplementary materials are not included as part of eBook file.
 id : 241875 ISBN : 0446360279  | name : Webster's New World Thesaurus  |  description : The last word on the right word includes new synonyms, new slang and colloquial expressions, new technical terms, and more.
 id : 241876 ISBN : 0844283614  | name : NTC's Compact Korean and English Dictionary  |  description : Includes 20,000 entries with Korean words in romanized Korean and Korean characters.
 id : 241878 ISBN : 0785796045  | name : Blindsight  |  description : Today, organ transplants are common miracles of science. But if the supply cannot meet the demand, how far will people go to find donors? A LG dual selection.
 id : 241879 ISBN : 1568492642  | name : All Around the Town  |  description : A student obsessed with her English professor is accused of his murder, but cannot remember how her fingerprints could possibly have been found at the scene of the crime.
 id : 241880 ISBN : 0471044091  | name : Mathematical Methods in the Physical Sciences  |  description : Updates the original, comprehensive introduction to the areas of mathematical physics encountered in advanced courses in the physical sciences. Intuition and computational abilities are stressed. Original material on DE and multiple integrals has been expanded.
 id : 241883 ISBN : 0312134800  | name : An Echo of Death  |  description : When high school teacher Tom Mason and his lover, professional baseball player Scott Carpenter, return home after a night out to discover a corpse in their apartment, they are trapped in the middle of a deadly game of hide-and-seek. The body is that of Glen Proctor, a former teammate and friend of Scott's, who had arrived on their doorstep in the throws of some unnamed "big trouble". With Glen dead and his unknown killers now after Tom and Scott, they are the ones in serious trouble. Since the police are slow to respond to the danger they are in (in fact, Tom and Scott are under suspicion themselves), they are forced to investigate on their own. As they delve deeper into Glen's past (and a dark and troublesome past it is), the situation becomes stickier, and the solution to the murder becomes essential - not just in the name of justice but for their own survival.
 id : 241885 ISBN : 0596000200  | name : Essential SNMP  |  description : A practical introduction to SNMP for system network administrators. Starts with the basics of SNMP, how it works and provides the technical background to use it effectively.
 id : 241888 ISBN : 0671679139  | name : Last Dance in Redondo Beach  |  description : Chicago sportscaster Andy Sussman, covering the gritty world of pro wrestling, investigates when a mysterious, hooded wrestler suffers a suspicious heart attack and, with the help of Suzanne, his lawyer girlfriend, stalks a killer
 id : 241889 ISBN : 0821721178  | name : Shadow Child  |  description : Fact & fiction combine in a classic that scared Vermonters out of the woods.
 id : 241890 ISBN : 0863161642  | name : Freud for Beginners  |  description : An introduction to Freud's work and methodology locating Freud in hostorical context and considering the criticisms of his theories. The splits in psychoanalytic work after Freud's death and recent Lacanian ideas are included: also looks at Freud's followers and his influence in the 20th century.
 id : 241892 ISBN : 0670010707  | name : The Portable Jung  |  description : Collects the most notable writings of Carl Jung. Includes a biography and a chronology.
 id : 241893 ISBN : 0440132622  | name : A Game for Heroes  |  description : The last days of the Third Reich are at hand, but a ruthless SS commander has vowed to fight to the death and is holed up in the Nazis' last outpost on an island in the English Channel. Owen Morgan, British soldier of fortune, is sent to lead a ruffian band of hardened commandos onto the island in a bold move that could destroy the enemy once and for all. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 241894 ISBN : 0689708130  | name : Yellow Back Radio Broke-down  |  description : Reed's 1969 masterpiece is a savage massacre of the Wild West that could havebeen.
 id : 241895 ISBN : 0425174662  | name : The Blind in Darkness  |  description : The murder of an eccentric old man and the disappearance of his apprentice cause midwife Catherine Williams to investigate the strange crime as she tries to clear her own servant, an Indian man, of being blamed for the killing.
 id : 241896 ISBN : 0312193629  | name : The Big Sky Reader  |  description : An anthology of essays and short fiction about the West features the work of Rick Bass, Tim Cahill, Russell Chatham, John Barsness, and Wally McRae
 id : 241897 ISBN : 038077528X  | name : Red Dust  |  description : Transformed into a reluctant deity by a viral kiss, former Contract Agronomist Technician Wei Lee is set adrift in a terraformed world of cowboys, tribal Yankees, and feral children, appointed to be their savior. Reprint.
 id : 241898 ISBN : 0688171095  | name : The KGB Bar Book Of Poems  |  description : Started in 1997 by poets David Lehman and Star Black, the KGB Bar poetry series is widely recognized as the hottest and perhaps the best reading series in New York. Located in the hip East Village KGB Bar, these Monday-night readings boast a fantastic variety and quality of internationally known poets from Charles Simic, Molly Peacock, and Katha Pollit to Marie Howe, Mark Strand, and Yusef Komunyakaa. Now Lehman and Black have gathered work from the first three seasons into a wonderful anthology. Together with a generous supply of photographs and anecdotes from contributors on the most memorable thing ever to happen to them at a poetry reading, this unique book of poems reflects the amazing variety and energy of poetry today. The poems range in style from Douglas. Crase's "Astropastoral" ("I have seen you on every horizon, how you are stored/And encouraged and brought to the brim/Until the round bounds of one planet could not hold you in") to Anne Porter's "Five Wishes." Offering a wide window into contemporary poetry, The KGB Bar Book of Poems debunks the myth of poetry's ivory tower to reveal the kind of raw, candid reading experience that truly brings poetry to life. "The pre-Russian revolutionary locale gives the gathering a committed, not to say conspiratorial air, and it somehow manages to foster a true sense of camaraderie, experimentation, and open exchange between readers and audience. I've seldom enjoyed an evening of poetry and friendship more."--Jonathan Galassi (President of The Academy of American Poets), the KGB Bar poetry series Every Monday night, the KGB Bar's poetry readings are packed to overflowing. Pulitzer Prize winners bum cigarettes from grad students and martini glasses are refilled between readings, while the best poets in the country share their latest work with a rapt audience. The KGB Bar is the sexiest and arguably the best venue for poetry in New York City, and now The KGB Bar Book of Poems brings this hot literary series to the page. Icons like John Ashbery and Charles Wright appear here with other favorites such as Molly Peacock and Katha Pollitt. Many of the poets have also written anecdotes about their own most memorable poetry readings. With dynamic black-and-white photographs throughout, The KGB Bar Book of Poems reflects the dazzling variety and tremendous energy of poetry today.
 id : 241900 ISBN : 0684826119  | name : Action  |  description : For nearly twenty-five years, poets, writers, artists, actors, directors, and an ever-growing audience have flocked to New York's landmark Nuyorican Poets Cafe, a breeding ground and showcase for some of the most original and energetic new works of theater being produced today, as well as a community gathering place. Now, for the first time, twenty original plays, monologues, and performance pieces that debuted at the Nuyorican are gathered together in Action, edited by Cafe founder Miguel Algarin and codirector Lois Griffith.
 id : 241901 ISBN : 0691006997  | name : Einstein and Religion  |  description : Focusing on Einstein's religious and spiritual beliefs, a new study of the physicist's "irrationalism" begins with his early religious formation and carefully following the evolution of his belief in an impersonal God reminiscent of Spinoza's.
 id : 241902 ISBN : 0679422315  | name : Japan  |  description : Examines how the death of Emperor Hirohito, the end of the Cold War, and wealth are all contributing to contemporary changes in Japanese society
 id : 241903 ISBN : 0201385902  | name : An Introduction to Database Systems  |  description : This text is intended for undergraduates on courses in database technology.
 id : 241915 ISBN : 1587212781  | name : Thundermaker  |  description : How is it possible that the most valued painting in history, the Mona Lisa, could have been stolen, destroyed and reconstructed in this erotic adventure? The answer is here in an international exposé you'll want to read several times over so as to enjoy Stan Stanton at his cleverest. He lays before you his cool approach to a challenge and illustrates his analytical resolution. The resolution he arrives at is hidden under a blanket of intrigue, sexual opportunity and humor. As private insurance investigators, hired by Lloyds Insurance of London, Stan Stanton and his loveable partner, Sandra Hawkins, are asked to determine the validity of a double indemnity claim in the little village of Donlorning Place, Scotland. Little do they realize that the case would evolve around extremists willing to commit murder for their ideals of freedom. As part of a unique plan for an exorbitant ransom, the radicals, led by Ben Maheny, steal the Mona Lisa while it's en route to the Tate Britain Gallery on loan. Unfortunate for all concerned, the radicals accidentally destroyed the painting in an explosion. Stanton, as a representative of Scotland Yard, along with a high ranking staff member at Lloyds, offer theft condolences and try to soothe Monsieur Jean-Louis, curator at the Louvre Museum in Paris, France. After endless threats, barely short of an international war, the curator drops Stan into the hands of his breath-taking assistant Mimi de Margot. As her responsibility, Stan tours the museum, has a fabulous night of dinner and dancing, closes the evening in her apartment. But the plot thickens when Stan returns to London and uncovers strange clues that tie the death in Donlorning Place to the stealing of the Mona Lisa painting. With the help of Colonel Banister's secret agents at Scotland Yard, Stan and Sandra subdue Ben Maheny and his extremists group, and expose the Louvre curator as an art world fraud who sent a fake painting to Britain, for personal and monetary gains.
 id : 241916 ISBN : 0156118661  | name : The Best of Bad Hemingway  |  description : Gathers parodies of Hemingway's prose style by a selection of amateur and professional writers
 id : 241917 ISBN : 0631205926  | name : Second Language Acquisition and Linguistic Theory  |  description : This volume provides a state-of-the-art overview of contemporary second language acquisition from a linguistic point of view.
 id : 241922 ISBN : 0782128726  | name : Mastering Windows 2000 Server  |  description : This must for systems administrators is updated, and it explains systems architecture and the newest features and utilities of the Windows 2000 Server. It includes a multitude of tips, tricks, and workarounds in addition to practical hands-on advice from the experts.
 id : 241923 ISBN : 0446384224  | name : Battles of Life and Death  |  description : These first-person accounts of a doctor's early training illuminate his feelings of fear and anger, his role as odds player with an advancing science, and his personal interactions with patients, colleagues, and his own family
 id : 241924 ISBN : 0340495731  | name : Rodney Rat and the Space Creatures  |  description : A science-fiction story for younger readers. Suit ages 4+.
 id : 241929 ISBN : 0500014345  | name : The Hamster Opera Company  |  description : Presents scenes of the Hamster Opera Company performing operas such as The barber of Seville, Otello, Der Rosenkavalier, and Falstaff.
 id : 241930 ISBN : 0262531593  | name : Historical Linguistics  |  description : Historical linguistics is the study of how and why language changes--both the methods of investigating language change and the theories designed to explain these changes. This highly accessible introductory text takes a hands-on, how-to approach, rather than just talking about the subject as many texts do. The book contains abundant examples both from familiar European languages, to make the topics accessible, and from a variety of non-European languages, to illustrate the depth and range of the concepts. The book also covers a number of essential topics neglected by most texts, including syntactic change, methods for investigating distant genetic relationship, linguistic prehistory, and grammaticalization.
 id : 241931 ISBN : 059565973X  | name : Bloomed and Final Harvest  |  description : When 34-year-old William Cooper returns to his grandparents' farm for the first time in 20 years, a farm he remembers from his youth as "a magical place that stood as a cornerstone in my life," it is not only a place to bury his father but also to reawaken his lost self. William falls back in time to when he and his brother Joseph visited the farm for the last time, where he faces the one ghost that has haunted him for the last 20 years. In Final Harvest, William's grandfather, James Cooper, tells the story of how he met his wife Elizabeth. He recalls his wandering youth, his search for a home, his search for love and the fragility of that love once found. "For he knew how the promises we make at night in our lover's embrace shine like bright stars and angel's eyes, but he was also aware how daylight can steal them away from our lips, come morning."
 id : 241932 ISBN : 0786888679  | name : The Teammates  |  description : Now in paperback, the New York Times bestselling The Teammates -- David Halberstam's stirring tribute to the golden age of baseball and to friendship. The Teammates is the profoundly moving story of four great baseball players who have made the passage from sports icons -- when they were young and seemingly indestructible -- to men dealing with the vulnerabilities of growing older. At the core of the book is the friendship of these four very different men -- Boston Red Sox teammates Bobby Doerr, Dominic DiMaggio, Johnny Pesky, and Ted Williams -- who remained close for more than sixty years. The book starts out in early October 2001, when Dominic DiMaggio and Johnny Pesky begin a 1,300-mile trip by car to visit their beloved friend Ted Williams, whom they know is dying. Bobby Doerr, the fourth member of this close group -- "my guys," Williams used to call them -- is unable to join them. Doerr is back in Oregon tending to his wife of sixty-three years, who has suffered a second stroke. Acclaimed author David Halberstam has given us a book -- filled with historical details and first-hand accounts -- about baseball and about something more, the richness of friendship.
 id : 241933 ISBN : 0689704534  | name : The Truth about Stone Hollow  |  description : The new boy at school introduces Amy to the secrets of Stone Hollow where the circles of time converge.
 id : 241935 ISBN : 2251790322  | name : Arthur et les minimoys  |  description : Arthur a bien des soucis. Un méchant promoteur rêve de saisir la belle maison de sa grand-mère dans laquelle il passe ses vacances. Pas question de compter sur ses parents qui l'ont déposé là sans ménagement. Pas question non plus d'attendre son grand-père, disparu mystérieusement il y a maintenant quatre ans. Et puis, comble de malchance, Arthur n'a que dix ans... Peut-être pourra-t-il compter sur Alfred, son gros chien plus affectueux qu'intelligent ? A moins que, dans la vieille bibliothèque du grand-père, un grimoire ne lui permette de passer " de l'autre côté ", au pays des minimoys... Eux seuls peuvent encore tout sauver !
 id : 241936 ISBN : 3540678271  | name : Complex Semisimple Lie Algebras  |  description : These short notes, already well-known in their original French edition, present the basic theory of semisimple Lie algebras over the complex numbers. The author begins with a summary of the general properties of nilpotent, solvable, and semisimple Lie algebras. Subsequent chapters introduce Cartan subalgebras, root systems, and linear representations. The last chapter discusses the connection between Lie algebras, complex groups and compact groups. The book is intended to guide the reader towards further study.
 id : 241938 ISBN : 0521635039  | name : Quantum Computation and Quantum Information  |  description : First-ever comprehensive introduction to the major new subject of quantum computing and quantum information.
 id : 241939 ISBN : 0395242754  | name : Freelon Starbird, Being a Narrative of the Extraordinary Hardships Suffered by an Accidental Soldier in a Beaten Army During the Autumn and Winter of 1776  |  description : A reluctant young patriot describes his experiences in the Revolutionary Army after waking following a night of drinking to the disturbing recollection of having signed up the night before to fight the British.
 id : 241940 ISBN : 0913990345  | name : A Vogt for the Environment  |  description : Relates how teenaged environmentalist Tanja Vogt convinced McDonald's, as well as businesses and schools in her area, to stop using styrofoam.
 id : 241941 ISBN : 0789726963  | name : Certified Cold Fusion 5 Developer Study Guide  |  description : Everything a Flash user needs to pass the Certified Flash Developer exam. Designed specifically to simplify exam preparation, this guide follows the same subject division as the test itself. Coverage of all exam topics is included.
 id : 241945 ISBN : 0801978408  | name : Chilton's Honda, 1973-1988  |  description : Total Car Care is the most complete, step-by-step automotive repair manual you'll ever use. All repair procedures are supported by detailed specifications, exploded views, and photographs. From the simplest repair procedure to the most complex, trust Chilton's Total Car Care to give you everything you need to do the job. Save time and money by doing it yourself, with the confidence only a Chilton Repair Manual can provide.
 id : 241946 ISBN : 0553107119  | name : A Darker Place  |  description : Eighteen years after her young daughter and husband committed suicide in the cult into which she had brought them, a woman poses as a cult member for the FBI to try and bring the group down.
 id : 241947 ISBN : 0525947779  | name : Three Weeks in October  |  description : The Montgomery County police chief at the head of the manhunt for the serial snipers who shot random victims during a three-week period in Maryland and Virginia recounts the investigation that ultimately lead to the suspects' capture.
 id : 241948 ISBN : 0671003747  | name : MTV's Road Rules  |  description : Like The Real World, MTV's Road Rules is one of its most popular shows. Like The Real Real World, the totally cool New York Times bestselling tie-in to the show, Road Trips features previously unpublished diary entries kept by each cast member during his or her trip, paired with intimate photographs of life on the road.
 id : 241949 ISBN : 0373970447  | name : Illusion  |  description : Jillian Caldwell, an executive in a New York public relations firm, falls in love with Ron Cutler, a new client, but when he disappears she has only a ring for a clue to his whereabouts
 id : 241950 ISBN : 0553382446  | name : The Finished Man  |  description : "Sean Murphy returns with a tale that introduces an utterly captivating hero: struggling writer Frank Matthews. Newly arrived in L.A., Frank is toiling in obscurity when he bumps into an old classmate on the Malomar pier. Max Peterson is arrogant, blustering - a remarkably untalented writer whose latest pulp fiction effort, City of Breasts, has Hollywood calling. And besides six-figure advances, Max has something else Frank desperately wants: his exquisite wife, Magee." "Burning with envy. Frank agrees to take up residence in Max's garage apartment, and as he's swept into Max and Magee's world of nouveau wealth and near-celebrity, something extraordinary happens...with Max conveniently out of town, Frank can't help prying into his old friend's journals and diaries. And what happens next will reveal the astonishing secret to Max's newfound talent...and the truth about the great American novel that could be the biggest illusion of all."--BOOK JACKET.
 id : 241951 ISBN : 0786887672  | name : Cad  |  description : The Los Angeles Times bestseller, now in paperback -- tales of the notorious New York dating scene, told from the other side of the bed. Rick Marin offers himself up for an in-depth look at man's superficial nature. At 28, a brief, doomed first marriage thrusts Marin back into Bachelor Hell. A journalist as eager to make it in Manhattan as with its female population, our emotionally myopic hero can never seem to tell if the woman in front of him is too crazy or too sane, until she gets too close. Falling out of love as often as he falls in, he vows more than once to clean up his act, only to relapse into another bender of beauties, blow-offs, and bad behavior -- all in desperate pursuit of the woman who can redeem him. In this rollicking, frequently insensitive and ultimately poignant memoir, Marin proves a master of the light touch even in his darkest hours. It is one man's story, but many men will read it as their own. And for any woman who has ever wondered, "What was he thinking" This is what he was thinking.
 id : 241952 ISBN : 0440978777  | name : A superstar called Sweetpea  |  description : Because her parents wish her to wait before pursuing a singing career, a high school junior in Charleston, South Carolina, begins a deception which adversely affects all the important areas of her life.
 id : 241953 ISBN : 0684817578  | name : Daybreak  |  description : Brief Description: Daphne Bedford, a feature journalist for the Herald, is to produce an expose of Daybreak TV - one of the leading breakfast TV programmes. She’ll spend a week in their studios, interviewing everybody from the weather girl, the junior researchers, the cleaners and make-up artists, to the producers and presenters of the show, piecing together a comprehensive, behind-the-scenes look at exactly what goes on. Liz Fenton, Features Editor, initially sees this as an opportunity to give the TV station some good press coverage. But it turns out to be more difficult than she’d anticipated to hide the stresses and strains of everyday life in the studios, to keep quiet the rivalries, ego clashes, and sometimes disappointments that take place, not to mention her own troubling affair with a colleague. As Daphne becomes more and more embroiled in life at Daybreak, she finds the thought of the dirt-dishing expose she’s been sent to put together more and more unappealing. And when she finds out what the Herald has in store for their much-publicised star guest of the week, it begins to look worse and worse. Can anything be done before the deadline looms?
 id : 241955 ISBN : 0575056436  | name : Killers  |  description : It is mid-winter and the body of Dr. Gerald Roth is found floating in the killer whale pool in Vancouver's main aquarium. Detectives Jack Willows and Claire Parker investigate.
 id : 241957 ISBN : 1566911648  | name : Nepal  |  description : Provides history and background information about the country of Nepal, with tips for travelers on dining, accommodations, and sightseeing.
 id : 241958 ISBN : 0380730502  | name : Explanation for Chaos  |  description : : A mother's imminent death bizarrely reorders a family's dynamics...A cruel prank perpetrated by two little girls on a classmate alters their three lives in unexpected ways...A daughter struggles to explain a troubled relationship with her father, an obsessive scientist whom she simultaneously resents and adores...These are three of the nine remarkable stories by acclaimed author Julie Schumacher that appear in this marvelous new collection. Here is short fiction that offers poignant and unforgettable views of the disordered, unpredictable world of parents and children, sisters and brothers. There are two O'Henry Award-winners in AN EXPLANATION FOR CHAOS, one of which was included in Best American Short Stories. From out of the painful cacophonies of youth and family emerge cries of despair and declaration of hope--angry defiance and harsh, piercing laughter--in a startling and intensely beautiful exploration of the chaos that is life from one of the most original and exciting voices in contemporary American literature.
 id : 241960 ISBN : 0679030921  | name : Short Escapes Near New York City  |  description : With this book, Fodor's brings the Short Escapes concept close to home, to a city where walking and getting away for the weekend are a way of life. Stoller and Bolger have uncovered corners of New York City-area countryside that are wonderfully rural and charming yet only two-and-a-half hours drive from Manhattan.
 id : 241962 ISBN : 0891075283  | name : Sadie Rose and the Outlaw Rustlers  |  description : Sadie was angry: Why wouldn't her family believe that she hadn't taken or lost Momma's sewing basket? Did that new boy Mitch have something to do with it?
 id : 241963 ISBN : 0891918329  | name : Secret of the Silver Candlestick  |  description : When two twelve-year-old boys find an ancient menorah from Biblical times, they are swept back in time to Moses' day and witness the rebellion of Korah.
 id : 241964 ISBN : 0446603368  | name : Batman  |  description : Aiding a social worker in a crusade against child abuse, millionaire playboy Bruce Wayne comes to a shocking revelation about his childhood that compels him to journey to Southeast Asia. Reprint.
 id : 241966 ISBN : 9971972948  | name : East Into Yesterday  |  description : Jeff never dreamed that pushing a few buttons he would end up lost in a foreign country and in another age.
 id : 241968 ISBN : 0891077472  | name : Sadie Rose and the Mysterious Stranger  |  description : Sadie and Opal learn to trust God as they find their way through an adventure at a Nebraska poor farm.
 id : 241969 ISBN : 0746022948  | name : Molly's Magic Carpet  |  description : Molly travels on a magic carpet through the sky on the trail of a troublesome magician.
 id : 241970 ISBN : 1592580432  | name : Walking Forward Looking Back  |  description : John Labriola was the only person who had a camera and took photographs inside the World Trade Center during the attack.
 id : 241971 ISBN : 0891917551  | name : All Alone (except for My Dog Friday)  |  description : A twelve-year-old girl who has lost her hearing, her friends, and a stray sheep dog she hoped could be her own, realized through the prompting of an inner voice that to be a friend, she must reach out to others.
 id : 241976 ISBN : 0771082568  | name : Paddle to the Amazon  |  description : It was crazy. It was unthinkable. It was the adventure of a lifetime. When Don and Dana Starkell left Winnipeg in a tiny three-seater canoe, they had no idea of the dangers that lay ahead. Two years and 12,180 miles later, father and son had each paddled nearly twenty million strokes, slept on beaches, in jungles and fields, dined on tapir, shark, and heaps of roasted ants. They encountered piranhas, wild pigs, and hungry alligators. They were arrested, shot at, taken for spies and drug smugglers, and set upon by pirates. They had lived through terrifying hurricanes, food poisoning, and near starvation. And at the same time they had set a record for a thrilling, unforgettable voyage of discovery and old-fashioned adventure. "Courageous . . . Exciting and always immediate." -- The New York Times Book Review
 id : 241977 ISBN : 1555132219  | name : Handy-Dandy Helpful Hal  |  description : Helpful Hal shows Sam and Sue the importance of helping their parents by doing chores such as hanging up clothes, washing the car, and feeding the cat. Includes a related Bible verse.
 id : 241978 ISBN : 1565843304  | name : May it Please the Court: County of Allegheny v. ACLU  |  description : This sequel to the best-selling May It Please the Court focuses on key First Amendment cases illustrating the most controversial debates over issues of free speech, freedom of the press, and the right to assemble, including: Barnes v. Glen Theater (nude dancing), New York Times v. United States (the "Pentagon Papers" case), Texas v. Johnson (American flag burning), Brandenburg v. Ohio (hate speech by Klansmen) and Hustler Magazine, Inc. v. Falwell ("emotional distress" for parody advertisement). This paperback book includes transcriptions of oral arguments made before the Supreme Court, twelve of which have never been published. They offer an unrivaled view of the Supreme Court in action that will interest anyone wanting first-hand exposure to American law and history.
 id : 241980 ISBN : 0679854088  | name : The Undead Express  |  description : Zach Kinkaid's routine New York City subway ride takes on a terrifying turn when he ends up lost on a mysterious train filled with bloodthirsty vampires. Is Zach riding toward disaster on the Undead Express? With color photos from the Showtime original movie.
 id : 241981 ISBN : 0800791096  | name : Catherine Marshall's Storybook for Children  |  description : A collection of stories and poems illustrating Christian teachings about such things as faith, humility, honesty, and kindness.
 id : 241989 ISBN : 1860492622  | name : Like  |  description : There's Amy and there's Ash. There's ice and there's fire. There's England and there's Scotland. Ali Smith evokes the twin spirits of time and place in an extraordinarily powerful first novel which teases out the connections between people, the attractions, the ghostly repercussions. By turns funny, haunting and disconcertingly moving, LIKE soars across hidden borders between cultures, countries, families, friends and lovers. Subtle and complex, it confounds expectations about fiction and truths. A seductive story of what it means to be alive at the edge of the twentieth century: here is a story of what it's like.
 id : 241990 ISBN : 192890615X  | name : Sugar-free Cooking with Stevia  |  description : Over 200 recipes using stevia for sweetening.
 id : 241991 ISBN : 1851587713  | name : Dealing with Kranze  |  description : Multiple murderer Marcus Walwyn is persuaded by Insp. Birt that he has been manipulated by a ruthless psychopath into committing his crime.
 id : 241992 ISBN : 0060937823  | name : Ambling into History  |  description : The unlikely Odyssey of George W. Bush. As the principal New York Times reporter assigned to cover George W. Bush's presidential campaign from its earliest stages – and then as a White House correspondent – Frank Bruni has spent as much time around Bush over the last two years as any other reporter. In Ambling Into History, Bruni paints the most thorough, balanced, eloquent and lively portrait yet of a man in many ways ill–suited to the office he sought and won, focusing on small moments that often escaped the news media's notice. From the author's initial introduction to Bush through a nutty election night and Bush's first months in office, Bruni captures the president's familiar and less familiar oddities and takes readers on an often funny, usually irreverent, journey into the strange, closed universe – or bubble – of campaign life. The result is an original take on the political process and a detailed study of George W. Bush as most people have never seen him.
 id : 241993 ISBN : 0915811375  | name : You the Healer  |  description : Based on the most successful mind development program in the world today, this book offers the complete course in Silva Mind Control techniques in a do-it-yourself format. In just 40 days, YOU THE HEALER can teach readers how to use the power of their brains to place them firmly on the path to good health.
 id : 241996 ISBN : 0140099670  | name : Death's Savage Passion  |  description : Former romance writer Patience McKenna is convinced that first-time author Sarah English will make a killing in the romance field, but someone has deadlier plans for the young author
 id : 241997 ISBN : 1863402292  | name : Mad As Rabbits  |  description : Story of the author's childhood years as one of 12 children on a farm in the Victorian Wimmera district during the 1920s and 1930s. Large-print edition of a book first published in 1962.
 id : 241998 ISBN : 1562478230  | name : Luv, Amelia Luv, Nadia  |  description : Ten-year-old Amelia exchanges letters and postcards with her long-distance friend Nadia. Includes actual letters folded and inserted into envelopes.
 id : 242000 ISBN : 044840253X  | name : Pop-Up Merry Christmas  |  description : Illustrations and simple rhyming text describe some of the fun children have at Christmas.
 id : 242001 ISBN : 0394743172  | name : The Doctor and the Soul  |  description : 1. from psychotherapy to logotherapy. 2. from psychoanalysis to existential analysis. 3. logotherapy as a psychcotherapeutic technique. 4. from secular confession to medical ministry. 5. psychotherapy on its way to rehumanization.
 id : 242002 ISBN : 0425135373  | name : The Halloween Book  |  description : "The complete family fun guide to safe trick-or-treating, creating your own haunted house, monstrous makeup tips, devilishly delicious recipes, great party games, spooky costume ideas, and much more!"
 id : 242003 ISBN : 0816716226  | name : A Twist of Fate  |  description : When ten-year-old Lindsey worries that she may have to go to live with an aunt in Boston and leave her widowed father alone, her friends from school and ballet class support her in various ways.
 id : 242004 ISBN : 0811730786  | name : Yellowstone  |  description : Has everything visitors want to know about these parks, including their histories, plant and animal life, and conservation issues. With field guide, life lists, and stunning colour photos.
 id : 242005 ISBN : 0712695079  | name : Deadly Relations  |  description : Tom Heritage is determined to visit Lavenham, the mansion possessed by the Bayless side of his family, despite animosity between the two branches, and a longstanding family curse
 id : 242006 ISBN : 1576739511  | name : Things I've Learned Lately  |  description : In Things I've Learned Lately, a fresh teen voice shares perceptive lessons in bite-sized readings. A hopeful approach to life for young people who strive to match life challenges with firm faith.
 id : 242008 ISBN : 1878093290  | name : The Bears' Blitz  |  description : A collection of sports stories by such authors as Isobel Morin, Rick Boyes, and Ann Bixby Herold.
 id : 242009 ISBN : 0897211979  | name : Controlling Weeds  |  description : Describes the problems weeds can cause and explains how to handle a variety of weeds
 id : 242010 ISBN : 0966662318  | name : Love Without End  |  description : For almost two thousand years devoted believers, mystics, innocents, and even non-believers have reported to have near-to-life, fully perceptual, visitations with Jesus Christ. In 1992 He appeared to Glenda Green and spoke with her daily for almost four months. The expressed purpose of their visit was to paint His portrait, but nothing in the history of her career as an artist or university professor had prepared her for the life transformation that was about to take place. During this time, they spoke ...as friends do, of many wonderful things -both miraculous and practical. Nothing would ever be the same. Her penetrating report of this experience is sincere, unbiased, and free of religious contrivance. In many ways her perceptions provide a bridge to the new millennium. Never before has language or a state of consciousness been present to examine the nature of such a miraculous occurrence as well as to develop the profound implications of it. Here is a brilliant glimpse of eternity, rich with practical applications to life. These messages are sparkling and direct with great contemporary relevance, Imparting in every way the impact of Divinity in communion with a thoughtful and well educated woman of our generation. Amazing answers are given to more than 300 penetrating questions.
 id : 242011 ISBN : 0025064312  | name : Yardening  |  description : A guide for the average homeowner explains how to maintain a healthy and beautiful yard without devoting excessive time to its care, with chapters that cover watering and fertilizing, trees and shrubs, flowers, vegetables, and environmental concerns.
 id : 242013 ISBN : 0375714464  | name : Gods and Heroes of Ancient Greece  |  description : From fire-stealing Prometheus to scene-stealing Helen of Troy, from Jason and his golden fleece to Oedipus and his mother, this collection of classic tales from Greek mythology demonstrates the inexhaustible vitality of a timeless cultural legacy. These stories of heroes and powerful gods and goddesses are set forth simply and movingly, in language that retains the power and drama of the original works by Aeschylus, Sophocles, Euripides, and Homer. Introduction by Werner Jaeger With black-and-white illustrations throughout Part of the Pantheon Fairy Tale and Folklore Library
 id : 242018 ISBN : 0195116895  | name : The Best of Shakespeare  |  description : Simplified prose retellings of Romeo and Juliet, Hamlet, The Merchant of Venice, Othello, The Tempest, King Lear, Macbeth, As You Like It, Twelfth Night, and The Winter's Tale.
 id : 242019 ISBN : 0416258301  | name : The Writing on the Wall  |  description : Samuel, a kitchen-boy in Babylon, serves Belshazzar, the King, and his guests at the feast during which God delivers a message to Belshazzar which is interpreted by Judge Daniel
 id : 242021 ISBN : 094594604X  | name : Flower Essences and Vibrational Healing  |  description : New flower essences including ginseng, bo, and rosa webbiana, detailed information on treating animals and plants with flower essences, and new material for the current 108 essences described in the book including their relation to astrology, the 12 rays, animals, and plants.
 id : 242022 ISBN : 0842371516  | name : Through Gates of Splendor  |  description : Documents the lives of missionaries who sought to convert the Huao Indians of Ecuador.
 id : 242023 ISBN : 0374437157  | name : Jack's New Power  |  description : When his father moves the family to Barbados, Jack learns that life is not always idyllic on an island paradise. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 242025 ISBN : 0702225940  | name : Flesh and Blood  |  description : A suspense novel which looks at the psychological outcomes when a young boy loses his sister in an accident. Tim discovers a manuscript written by his sister Em, in which a little boy is killed. His response to reading the story is unpredictable and tinged with black humour.
 id : 242036 ISBN : 0878338039  | name : The Overloving Parent  |  description : Describes four types of parents that have misdirected their love for their children, tells how to avoid destructive parenting styles, and offers advice on becoming a more effective parent
 id : 242040 ISBN : 0789724596  | name : Java Server Pages from Scratch  |  description : JavaServer Pages From Scratch teaches beginning users about the many techniques involved in JavaServer Pages by building an online auction house with an events calendar. In addition to discussing the planning and designing of an application, the book will also cover development of forms, validating data, registering new users, servlets, sessions management, enterprise javabeans, cookies and wireless protocol.
 id : 242041 ISBN : 080483301X  | name : Squeamish About Sushi  |  description : From world-famous sushi to fatally attractive fugu, it's all explained and pictured in this sketchbook of beautiful full-color illustrations and hand-lettered text, as the artist shares her delight in the wonderful world of Japanese food.
 id : 242042 ISBN : 0851168205  | name : The Friendship Book 2004  |  description : A wonderful annual read that provides day after day of heartfelt, warming, up lifting thought for the reader. Full of memorable quotes and full color photographs that remind the reader of the charm and beauty of nature that surrounds us.
 id : 242045 ISBN : 0804821232  | name : Tokyo Friends  |  description : Introduces the Japanese words for familiar objects and activities, compares the way of life of Katie, an American girl living in Tokyo, with that of her Japanese friends, Keiko and Kenji, and describes Japanese holidays for each month of the year.
 id : 242047 ISBN : 0834803860  | name : Clueless in Tokyo  |  description : This delightful sketchbook presents a uniquely insightful take on the bemusement and amusement that are the inevitable reactions of the Westerner confronting Japan for the first time. Still unwilling to allow Japan's mysteries to exclude her, the author-artist illustrates her further adventures into the true meaning of the unfamiliar happenings around her, and turns culture shock into humorous appreciation. The resulting sketchbook is an excellent, user-friendly primer for anyone contemplating travel to Japan or engaged in Japanese language studies.
 id : 242049 ISBN : 0376022248  | name : Crockery Cook Book  |  description : "Over 120 delicious recipes for your crock-pot slow cooker"--Cover.
 id : 242051 ISBN : 0764564080  | name : Frommer's Utah  |  description : You'll never fall into the tourist traps when you travel with Frommer's. It's like having a friend show you around, taking you to the places locals like best. Our expert authors have already gone everywhere you might go--they've done the legwork for you, and they're not afraid to tell it like it is, saving you time and money. No other series offers candid reviews of so many hotels and restaurants in all price ranges. Every Frommer's Travel Guide is up-to-date, with exact prices for everything, dozens of color maps, and exciting coverage of sports, shopping, and nightlife. You'd be lost without us! Meticulously researched, with every recommendation based on personal experience, Frommer's Utah is the only guide you'll need to experience all the adventure and natural wonders of this amazing corner of the Southwest. In this detailed and completely up-to-date guide, you'll find great places to stay in every price range: luxury ski lodges, historic B&Bs, family-friendly motels, ranches, rustic cabins, and more. We'll show you all the sights, from dinosaur fossils and ancient cliff dwellings to Wild West saloons and magnificent Temple Square. You'll rely on our complete coverage of the national parks and monuments, including Zion, Bryce, Canyon, Capitol Reef, Moab, and Arches, plus all the details on some of the nation's best ski resorts. Whether you're looking for family fun or daredevil thrills, Frommer's Utah will help you design the adventure that's right for you.
 id : 242052 ISBN : 0862640768  | name : King Rollo and the Letter  |  description : Prentenboek met vier korte verhalen over koning Rollo, die verteld worden in kleine, kleurige tekeningen.
 id : 242053 ISBN : 0671657690  | name : Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency  |  description : There is a long tradition of Great Detectives, and Dirk Gently does not belong to it. But his search for a missing cat uncovers a ghost, a time traveler, AND the devastating secret of humankind! Detective Gently's bill for saving the human race from extinction: NO CHARGE.
 id : 242055 ISBN : 0679881204  | name : Breakout!  |  description : An account of the 1962 attempted escape from Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary by Frank Lee Morris, John Anglin, and Clarence Anglin, and the ensuing search for the missing convicts.
 id : 242056 ISBN : 0966277716  | name : Keoni's Dream  |  description : An adventure tale of a Hawaiian boy's coming of age is also the story of his spiritual awakening, as he turns to his ancestors for guidance. Through his dreams, he becomes aware of his life purpose.
 id : 242057 ISBN : 9211003997  | name : Pepito's World  |  description : To celebrate The Children's Year of International Friendship, Pepito and his New York City classmates start a pen pal project with children from foreign countries.
 id : 242058 ISBN : 1551665905  | name : The Last Lover  |  description : Sally Harrington investigates the mysterious disappearance of Lilliana Martin, a beautiful Hollywood starlet, and the murder of the actress' ex-boyfriend.
 id : 242059 ISBN : 0307124835  | name : You Can Say "no"  |  description : Depicts children in various situations involving adults who attempt to molest them and discusses ways of preventing or dealing with such behavior.
 id : 242060 ISBN : 1592220053  | name : Tuf Voyaging  |  description : Honest space trader Haviland Tuf, the owner of the last seedship of Earth's Ecological Engineering Corps, comes to the aid of an emperiled colony struggling to cope with a variety of hostile monsters, an obsessed populace, and a dictator who unleashes plagues to get his own way.
 id : 242064 ISBN : 0140153349  | name : Woodswoman  |  description : A wildlife ecologist recounts her personal and professional observations and adventures in the wilderness of New York's Adirondack Mountains
 id : 242065 ISBN : 0140543104  | name : An Old-Fashioned 1 2 3 Book  |  description : Verses and turn-of-the-century art introduce the numbers from one to ten.
 id : 242067 ISBN : 0941524582  | name : The Sacred Tree  |  description : Bestselling Native American title exploring Native American spiritual teachings.
 id : 242068 ISBN : 0590704699  | name : Teddybears and the Cold Cure  |  description : A reprint of this title, first published in 1988, illustrated throughout in full colour.
 id : 242069 ISBN : 0812925025  | name : From Briefcase to Diaper Bag  |  description : Describes the conflict between effective parenthood and non-career self-identity and recounts the author's choice to become a stay-at-home mother, in a funny and comforting volume for parents in similar situations. Original. 25,000 first printing.
 id : 242072 ISBN : 0300085524  | name : The Way of the Human Being  |  description : In this volume, Calvin Luther Martin proposes that the Europeans learned what they wished to learn from the native Americans, not what the Americans actually meant. Drawing on his own experience with native people and on their stories, he offers the reader a different conceptual landscape.
 id : 242074 ISBN : 1566470498  | name : Two Surf Stories for Children  |  description : Eight year old Makua befriends a Hawaiian monk seal.
 id : 242076 ISBN : 0806936436  | name : Wolf Medicine  |  description : "Take a trip to the North section of the Rainbow Medicine Wheel, where the brain, mind, and soul reside and the wolf is the totem, and learn to understand the lessons of trust, limits, expectations, failure, listening, forgiveness, and inner peace."--"New Times."
 id : 242077 ISBN : 0743407903  | name : Tao of Nature  |  description : The bestselling author of "Earthway" shows readers how to love and care for themselves as they learn to appreciate the beauty in nature. Mary Summer Rain has interwoven her observations as a naturalist with spiritual philosophy to share with the world the lessons of nature's beauty and power.
 id : 242079 ISBN : 0140382437  | name : The Cabbage Patch War  |  description : In this sequel to 'The Cabbage Patch Fib', Dad has his vegie garden and one giant cabbage that is his pride and joy. When Dad has a barbie and invites all his mates except the man next-door, an all-out war begins, and ends with a missing cabbage. Who is the villain? As the cover declares, 'It could only be a Paul Jennings story. And it is.' Ages 8-11 years.
 id : 242080 ISBN : 0380783223  | name : Sofia's Heart  |  description : After her father loses the family store to unscrupulous business partners, Sofia is forced to leave her beloved school and seek employment as a governess. She accepts a position in Mexico, which will take her far away from her family, friends and the young man who has recently won her heart. This is another sweeping drama of early California statehood is the eighth entry under the AMerican Dreams banner.
 id : 242084 ISBN : 0552527386  | name : A Satchel of School Stories  |  description : A wonderful selection of stories ranging from an uproarious class trip to the Safari Park to a strange new classmate who can see into the future. These are ideal stories for school children to enjoy.
 id : 242085 ISBN : 0307002020  | name : Sleepytime ABC  |  description : Molly uses the alphabet to help her get ready for bed.
 id : 242086 ISBN : 0552527297  | name : A Basket of Stories for Seven Year Olds  |  description : Featuring classic, mythological, and humorous tales, this is a collection of stories especially selected for children aged seven.
 id : 242088 ISBN : 0307303713  | name : My First Book of Sounds  |  description : Describes a variety of sounds children are likely to hear.
 id : 242089 ISBN : 0618340726  | name : The Wind Masters  |  description : Vividly written by "the bard of birding" and beautifully illustrated by acclaimed bird artist Sibley, "The Wind Masters" shows what it is like to be a bird of prey. Line drawings throughout.
 id : 242090 ISBN : 0465090737  | name : Not To People Like Us Hidden Abuse In Upscale Marriages  |  description : How is it possible for a highly educated woman with a career and resources of her own to stay in a marriage with an abusive husband? How can a man be considered a pillar of his community, run a successful business, yet regularly give his wife a black eye? The very nature of these questions proves our unarticulated assumption that domestic violence is restricted to the lower classes. When we do hear stories of high-profile victims, we regard them as exceptional cases and still believe abuse doesn't happen to "people like us." Now Susan Weitzman counters this assumption by exploring a heretofore overlooked population of battered wives-the well-educated, upper-income women who rarely report abuse and remain trapped by their own silence.With keen insight and sensitivity, Weitzman, a psychotherapist and educator, traces common patterns of behavior among this group-their internal dilemmas and decisions, their dangerous desire to cover up abuse and maintain appearances. She shows how their abusive relationships follow a different course from those in other socioeconomic groups, and how these distinctions have profound implications for understanding the true nature of this behavior. Delving into the stories of these women-wives of CEOs and attorneys, of physicians and professors, the women often professionals themselves-Weitzman builds harrowing psychological profiles of both the abused and the abuser.
 id : 242091 ISBN : 0140328971  | name : The Cabbage Patch Fib  |  description : When Dad tells Chris that babies grow out of cabbages, Chris sets off to search in the vegie patch where he finds a baby.
 id : 242093 ISBN : 0434930555  | name : The Walloping Stick War  |  description : Kenneth's grandad is a bit of a wanderer, so when he offers to take Kenneth out camping overnight the boy is very excited. But Mincer Muggs and his gang are out looking for trouble and it takes Kenneth's ingenuity and grandad's walloping stick to outwit them. Suggested level: primary.
 id : 242094 ISBN : 0671027824  | name : The Fake Teacher  |  description : The gang is back in an all-new episode of the TV show they tape in school. Seventh-grade star Spencer Babbitt knows he's in trouble when his producer demands more action in the show. Meanwhile, Pam has more troubles of her own: Is the new teacher a dream come true, or some kind of bizarro nightmare?
 id : 242099 ISBN : 0516242016  | name : The Space Race  |  description : Dramatic and defining moments in American history come vividly the life in the Cornerstones of Freedom series.
 id : 242100 ISBN : 0060960906  | name : When Your Parents Grow Old  |  description : Rev. ed. of: When your parents grow old / Jane Otten. 1976. Bibliography: p. 399-411. Includes index.
 id : 242103 ISBN : 087923430X  | name : Obasan  |  description : A fictional account of the author's experiences as the daughter of Japanese immigrants, protected by her aunt, Obasan, against extreme prejudices, while growing up in Canada during World War II
 id : 242105 ISBN : 0689301111  | name : A Proud Taste for Scarlet and Miniver  |  description : While waiting in heaven for divine judgement to be passed on her second husband, Eleanor of Aquitaine and three of the people who knew her well recall the events of her life. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 242106 ISBN : 0671020773  | name : Brett Favre  |  description : This biography offers the inside story of record-breaking quarterback Brett Favre--a man who has overcome difficult obstacles to lead the Green Bay Packers to greatness. Eight-page photo insert.
 id : 242115 ISBN : 0698206037  | name : Mine for a Year  |  description : Text and illustrations describe a foster child's year spent socializing a puppy destined to be trained as a dog guide for a blind person.
 id : 242117 ISBN : 0672522683  | name : Bubbles  |  description : Contains primary source material.
 id : 242119 ISBN : 0747401527  | name : The Pre-Raphaelite Tragedy  |  description : ONE BOOK OF A TRILOGY ABOUT THE THREE GREAT MOVEMENTS IN VICTORIAN ART - THE POPULAR PRE-RAPHAELITES, ROSSETTI, HOLMAN HUNT, FORD MADOX BROWN, WILLIAM MORRIS, EDWARD BURNE-JONES ET AL. 9/11/87-OFFSET CARDINAL: B: 240PP: 5000 @ $3.99*: UC=52P: BKWOVE. *RESUBMIT AS ABOVE SANS INSET & WITH EXISTING 16PP COLOUR INSET ASSUMING PRICE OF $5.99(N.B. THIS ALSO REFERS TO VICTORIAN OLYMPUS & AESTHETIC> ADVENTURE). 9/11/87 LAUNCH DETAILS STAND(7/12/87)
 id : 242123 ISBN : 1561675547  | name : The Deadly Reef  |  description : In this fast-paced adventure, Powell Taylor leaves a comfortable future in the family jewelry store to follow his dream of becoming a fishing guide in the Florida Keys. He meets an undercover environmental agent, Captain Limbo who enlists his help. After Taylor lands a temporary job in a Key West jewelry store and appraises a beautiful, golden sculpture of a reef, he soon discovers the valuable artwork is a deadly decoy, and murder is the store's main business. The Deadly Reef harmoniously interweaves information about Florida and the sport of fishing into this colorful narrative.
 id : 242128 ISBN : 0803707819  | name : 17 Kings and 42 Elephants  |  description : Seventeen kings and forty-two elephants romp with a variety of jungle animals during their journey through a wild, wet night.
 id : 242130 ISBN : 1890515078  | name : Vroom, Chugga, Vroom-vroom  |  description : Race cars numbered from one to twenty battle to the finish line to win the golden cup.
 id : 242134 ISBN : 0380784319  | name : Protektor  |  description : Arriving on the planet Agorima, James McCray, anomalyst and Protektor, investigates reports on systems. He witnesses a complete system shut-down, but with the aid of Lee, his computer sidekick, and Eva Chang, a roving reporter, Jack attempts to track the source of the malfunctions, hoping to restore order to the damaged systems.
 id : 242136 ISBN : 0765300516  | name : The Gates to Witch World  |  description : The story of Simon Tregarth, who fled the Earth through an inter-dimensional gate, was the start of what was to become Norton's most popular series. The first three novels are now offered in one volume for the first time.
 id : 242137 ISBN : 0061052302  | name : The Hedge of Mist  |  description : In a final installment in the Tales of Arthur series, the Pen-bardd of far Keltia recounts how the women of Arthur's court sought the great cup know as the Graal and follows Arthur's journey where his spirit still lingers.
 id : 242138 ISBN : 0679449876  | name : Tender at the Bone  |  description : For better or worse, almost all of us grow up at the table. It is in this setting that Ruth Reichl's brilliantly written memoir takes its form. For, at a very early age, Reichl discovered that "food could be a way of making sense of the world . . . if you watched people as they ate, you could find out who they were." Tender at the Bone is the story of a life determined, enhanced, and defined in equal measure by unforgettable people, the love of tales well told, and a passion for food. In other words, the stuff of the best literature. The journey begins with Reichl's mother, the notorious food-poisoner known for-evermore as the Queen of Mold, and moves on to the fabled Mrs. Peavey, onetime Baltimore socialite millionaress, who, for a brief but poignant moment, was retained as the Reichls' maid. Then we are introduced to Monsieur du Croix, the gourmand, who so understood and yet was awed by this prodigious child at his dinner table that when he introduced Ruth to the souffle, he could only exclaim, "What a pleasure to watch a child eat her first souffle!" Then, fast-forward to the politically correct table set in Berkeley in the 1970s, and the food revolution that Ruth watched and participated in as organic became the norm. But this sampling doesn't do this character-rich book justice. After all, this is just a taste. Tender at the Bone is a remembrance of Ruth Reichl's childhood into young adulthood, redolent with the atmosphere, good humor, and angst of a sensualist coming-of-age.
 id : 242139 ISBN : 1573241288  | name : Sheroes  |  description : Presents portraits of real and fictional role models for women, from sports, science, politics, and entertainment, including Dian Fossey, Aretha Franklin, Joan Baez, Anita Hill, and Agent Dana Scully
 id : 242140 ISBN : 0452282772  | name : 7 Steps to a Pain-Free Life  |  description : Outlines a remedy for back and neck pain, and takes readers through a seven-step program of posture correction and exercises.
 id : 242143 ISBN : 0896863093  | name : The Phantom of the Opera  |  description : An accident with acid produces a murderous madman, who haunts the Paris Opera House causing bizarre deaths.
 id : 242144 ISBN : 0937036021  | name : The Boo  |  description : The Boo, Lt. Colonel Nugent Courvoisie, became a symbol of The Citadel to a generation of cadets. He was assistant commandant, part analyst, part confessor, part detective, part father ... and all soldier.
 id : 242145 ISBN : 0316779318  | name : Words by Heart  |  description : A young black girl struggles to fulfill her papa's dream of a better future for their family in the southwestern town where, in 1910, they are the only blacks.
 id : 242146 ISBN : 0670835609  | name : High Hopes  |  description : Twelve-year-old Julia has always tried to take care of her Argentine- born father, but her efforts to help him improve his English don't turn out as planned.
 id : 242147 ISBN : 0340493976  | name : Penelope's Hat  |  description : In de vorm van een biografie vertelt een schrijfster over haar droomwereld.
 id : 242150 ISBN : 0812522699  | name : One Quest, Hold the Dragons  |  description : On the road with the statue of King Stantius in tow, the motley adventurers of Another Day, Another Dungeon--including Timaeus the wizard, pickpocket Nick, and Kraki the barbarian--confront the thieving Broderick of Biddleburg. Original.
 id : 242152 ISBN : 0380762250  | name : Flute Song Magic  |  description : On Nevlin, where it is forbidden to speak to the lower classes, High Noble Flutirr risks all to befriend Don, whose beautiful flute music makes Flutirr question the values of his own people
 id : 242154 ISBN : 0892814136  | name : The Celts  |  description : While historians have tended to accord the Celts a place of minor significance in comparison to the Romans, The Celts firmly aligns the Celtic peoples as the primary European precedent to the Greco-Roman hegemony, restoring this culture to its true importance in the development of European civilization. An expert in Celtic studies, Markale regards myth as a branch of history, and explores mythological material to reveal the culture that gave rise to it. The alternative historical vision that emerges is both convincing and exciting. • One of the most comprehensive treatments of Celtic civilization ever written. • A cornerstone of Western civilization and the major source of its social, political, and literary values, Celtic civilization occupied the whole of Western Europe for more than a millennium. • Unlike the Middle Eastern forerunners of the Greco-Roman world, Celtic civilization is still alive today.
 id : 242155 ISBN : 0806525738  | name : A Complete Guide to Night Magic  |  description : Night is a time of limitless potential -- when the barriers between our world and other dimensions fade, when natural healing energies are at their height, and when sleep and dreams provide a window to our true selves. Book jacket.
 id : 242158 ISBN : 0486297144  | name : Life in Celtic Times  |  description : Fourteen centuries of Celtic life and culture are depicted in over 40 well-researched, excellently rendered illustrations. Intriguing scenes of an Iron-Age village, Glastonbury fishermen, farmers harvesting grain, Celtic warriors on horseback, St. Patrick driving the snakes out of Ireland, and much more are featured. Descriptive captions.
 id : 242162 ISBN : 0896103013  | name : The Thief in Chinatown  |  description : Ruth Wong, her twin brother, Eddie, and their friend, Yumi, fins a thief hiding in their Chinatown neighborhood. Although a reward is being offered for his capture, they don't turn him in. Instead they hide him. The adventure takes place in Honolulu a hundred years ago.
 id : 242164 ISBN : 1567185096  | name : The Handbook of Celtic Astrology  |  description : Discover your lunar self through the wisdom of the ancient Druids. Solar-oriented astrology has dominated Western astrological thought for centuries, but lunar-based Celtic astrology provides the "Yin" principle that has been neglected in the West. Now Helena Paterson presents new concepts based on ancient Druid observations, lore and traditions that will redefine Western astrology.
 id : 242166 ISBN : 0944042066  | name : One Million One Things That Make You Crabby  |  description : This book will make readers chuckle and chortle. Provides instant relief from: reckless drivers, waiters with colds, shrieking babies, telephone salespeople, and more.
 id : 242168 ISBN : 0027368718  | name : Where the Towers Pierce the Sky  |  description : An apprentice astrologer traveling in time takes thirteen-year-old Lizzie Patterson back with him to his own era, war-torn France in 1429, where she finds herself working as a double agent to protect Joan of Arc from her enemies.
 id : 242169 ISBN : 0385720386  | name : Carnage and Culture  |  description : Through vivid depictions of historic battles, Hanson reveals the connection between the West's superiority on the battlefield and its rise to world dominance. of photos. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 242170 ISBN : 1579122795  | name : Zen  |  description : Zen combines hundreds of traditional kong-ans with vivid artwork, in a unique volume exploring the crucial balance between the self and the world. The kong-ans, selected from the work of an eminent Zen Master, encompass not only Chinese and Korean Zen, but also the Zen of Lao-tzu and even the Christian tradition. Original Chinese calligraphy and ornamental line art adorn every page, and are augmented by a dozen full-color photographs upon which to meditate. Packaged with a beautiful satin-bound cover and clasp.
 id : 242172 ISBN : 1579123368  | name : I Ching  |  description : The I Ching, or Book of Changes, is the traditional Chinese text used for divination and guidance about the future. Believed to be deeper and more holistic than astrology, it has been in use since ancient times, and has gained popularity in the West over the past century. This unique edition of the I Ching, illustrated with vibrant artwork, simplifies and beautifies the original text for everyday use.
 id : 242173 ISBN : 157912335X  | name : The Book of Comfort  |  description : The Book of Comfort is a lovely collection of consoling thoughts, meditations, and quotations--culled from the minds and hearts of our most famous writers, spiritual leaders, artists, musicians, philosophers, and leaders--that provides solace in trying times and spiritual support every day of the year. Beautifully illustrated and including wisdom on such topics as work, love, family, mourning, and the world around us, it makes a thoughtful gift that will be cherished in good times and bad.
 id : 242174 ISBN : 0752801163  | name : The Movie  |  description : In this novel, from the author of Career Girls, 3 women are brought together in their quest to write/star in/produce a hit movie. These women share a dream but one of them has a nightmare in her heart.
 id : 242175 ISBN : 1579122787  | name : Yoga  |  description : Yoga addresses all of the basics of the discipline, including health benefits, different styles of yoga and which one to follow, all of the basic postures, how to practice, breathing techniques, meditation, and much more. Two-color illustrations offer at-a-glance instruction, and inspiring photographs set the mood. Packaged with a beautiful satin-bound cover and clasp.
 id : 242176 ISBN : 0688163440  | name : The Big Five-Oh!  |  description : Bill Geist's hilarious book describes his personal struggle with the awful aging process and with the monumental milestone called the Big Five-Oh. From the trauma of receiving an application to join the AARP to the realization that he can't really see the menu, hear the waiter, or remember the specials, Geist catalogs the discontents, large and small, of those approaching and passing fifty. He lies about his age, shops for a Harley, buys an Ab-Roller, receives liposuction counseling, finds himself the oldest guy at a rock concert, catches himself paying attention to a Depends commercial, buys "relaxed fit" jeans, falls asleep at a party, wakes up from a nightmare about college tuition, and damn near buys a Cadillac!
 id : 242177 ISBN : 0864422040  | name : New Zealand  |  description : New Zealand is a great country for travelers--New Zealanders are friendly; getting around is a breeze; finding accommodations is easy and relatively inexpensive; the food is fresh and the wine is excellent. This practical guide will help travelers discover the very best that New Zealand has to offer. Color photos.
 id : 242178 ISBN : 1862040125  | name : Aromatherapy  |  description : Explains how this gentle and versatile healing art harnesses the therapeutic power of essential oils extracted from aromatic plants.
 id : 242186 ISBN : 0689835973  | name : Tale of the Unfinished Masterpiece  |  description : The 16th century comes alive when Angelica and the babies find themselves in Florence, Italy during the Renaissance. Illustrations.
 id : 242188 ISBN : 0441011241  | name : Tales from Earthsea  |  description : Explores further the magical world of Earthsea through five tales of events which occur before or after the time of the original novels, as well as an essay on the people, languages, history and magic of the place.
 id : 242189 ISBN : 044100993X  | name : The Other Wind  |  description : This new, fifth, Earthsea novel pits Ged, Tenar, and Tehanu against the dead. A dragon shows the hard way to salvation. Le Guin shows us the politics of the Archipelago, the crisis caused by the dragons who have come in great flights setting fire to the forests and islands in the west, and the richness of the city: painted bridges, towers topped with sword blades, ships with sails like swan wings. The narrative style is poetic and possesses the simple dignity and compelling rhythm of both fairy tale and epic.
 id : 242193 ISBN : 0307113736  | name : Gremlins  |  description : Billy Peltzer and his girlfriend Kate are confronted with a mischievous little creature that wreaks havoc on the world around
 id : 242196 ISBN : 1561796654  | name : The Ultimate Baby-Sitter's Survival Guide  |  description : The Ultimate Baby-Sitter's Survival Guide instructs baby-sitters on how to: stay in control, organize fun activities, think clearly in emergency situations, understand kids and their feelings, respond to a cranky kid, give first aid, and decide what to charge.
 id : 242197 ISBN : 1567181783  | name : Warrior of Shadows  |  description : Following THE DREAM WARRIOR and SOOTHSLAYER comes the final installment in the Dream Warrior fantasy trilogy. Dream Warrior Corri Farblood chooses to fight against her own father Kayth, who has aligned himself with great evil forces in an effort to take over the world she loves. Can Corri surrender her fears and rely on her own inborn powers?
 id : 242199 ISBN : 0446674354  | name : Highlander  |  description : Offers a behind-the-scenes look at the popular television series through the comments of its writers, actors, producers, directors, designers, and special effects artists
 id : 242203 ISBN : 0738702854  | name : The Lore of the Bard  |  description : The only book available on the complete practice of the Celtic bard, this title is designed for anyone drawn to the enchantment of Celtic music, myth, and poetry.
 id : 242204 ISBN : 0849932378  | name : Faithfully Fit  |  description : An ideal companion for any eating or exercise program, this unique guide encourages and inspires readers with day-to-day spiritual support for fitness efforts. It includes scripture readings, daily meditations, and practical activities for those seeking to be biblically and faithfully fit. This book also provides daily uplift for those who aren't dieting or "working out"-just trying to make healthy eating and regular exercise a part of their lives. However you use it, Faithfully Fit is guaranteed to give you hope, courage, challenge, insight, and humor on the long road from overeating to overcoming. Claire Cloninger and Laura Barr are Christian wives and mothers, and real-life partners in the battle against overeating.
 id : 242205 ISBN : 0517200295  | name : Your Inner Beauty  |  description : Provides information on the fundamentals of beauty, includes staying healthy, skin and makeup, hair care, and stress and relaxation.
 id : 242206 ISBN : 0765110261  | name : Merlin's Book of Magick and Enchantment  |  description : Here is my gift to you--a secret book of wondrous power and spells of enchantment. Here are the elements of earth, water, fire, air, and spirit--and the magickal symbols of the circle, sword, wand, disc and cup. Here are the secret formulae for calling the spirits, ensnaring your lover, attracting good fortune and predicting what will come to pass.
 id : 242207 ISBN : 0449983633  | name : River of Hidden Dreams  |  description : "HEARTBREAKING...COMPELLING...The story carries you like a slow, implacable current." --San Francisco Chronicle Forty-something Sadie Hunter is a loner. But more than that, she is afraid of not being alone. Ever since her mother and Native American grandmother died together when she was a child, dancing cheek-to-cheek in a saloon in the middle of a violent storm, Sadie hasn't let anyone get too close. Not even Carlos, a passionate Cuban who sees the rich soul that Sadie tries to hide from herself. Cynical and loveless, she becomes obsessed with learning more about her unacknowledged identity, torn apart by tragic family legends she can't quite believe. And although she tries to fight it, she half suspects that with Carlos's help, she could find the truth of the past, and it could set her free.... "A fluid, fun read--a story of self-discovery told by a woman haunted by female forebears while struggling to learn love....A work of accomplished introspection." --The Philadelphia Inquirer
 id : 242208 ISBN : 1567181635  | name : Falcon Feather & Valkyrie Sword  |  description : Use the shamanic powers and magick of ancient women from the Norse regions, Middle East, Greece, India and the Celtic areas -- all in their original forms, stripped of overlying patriarchal interpretations and symbols. Find over 50 spells specifically created to answer the needs of women, Use the runes, ogham alphabet, shamanic stones, and Egyptian hieroglyphs.
 id : 242209 ISBN : 1903980305  | name : Fey Magic  |  description : Fey Magic - Dreaming the Reverie Arcane spellcasters have had it their way for far too long. The Encyclopaedia Divine series will do for Clerics, Rangers, Paladins and Druids what the Arcane series has done for Sorcerers and Wizards - greatly expand the number of options available to magic-using character classes. Kicking off with Fey Magic - Dreaming the Reverie, this 64 page sourcebook will provide all a player needs to know about contacting creatures of the Fey, winning their favour and harnessing their power. However, only one who is prepared to submit everything they are may court the friendship of the Fey, for they are capricious races all too ready to destroy the will of mortals.
 id : 242210 ISBN : 1588461025  | name : The Book of Eldritch Might II  |  description : The power of magic can be summoned in many ways. Venture into new magical realms with this D20 sourcebook for all things arcane. Features include: -- A new variant version of the bard class, including rules for music-based magic. -- Rules for using soul magic, a new type of arcane power that involves the creation and use of sentient spells. -- New original feats, prestige classes and dozens of new spells and magic items. -- The unholy riven, arcane angels and other all-new magical monsters, ready to drop into any campaign.
 id : 242216 ISBN : 0962819018  | name : Love Is in the Earth - Laying-on-of-Stones  |  description : A guidebook for laying-on-of-stones-including a mineralogical update, information addressing master numbers, and a cross-reference index of astrological signs and their associated minerals. Information is derived from "hands-on" experience by the author, historical research, and experimentation; any channeled information included was first validated via experimentation.
 id : 242217 ISBN : 0752844725  | name : Ten Years of Matt  |  description : 'The funniest, the most consistent and quite simply the best' UK PRESS AWARDS Matt, the cartoonist on everyone's breakfast table, on the front page of the DAILY TELEGRAPH and three slots on Sundays. Now, available for the first time, here is a bumper helping of Matt. 10 YEARS OF MATT is a collection of some of the funniest Matt cartoons from the last decade, and is a must for fans and newcomers alike. 'That rare thing: a daily cartoonist who never fails' Peter Brookes, THE TIMES
 id : 242218 ISBN : 0316903051  | name : Animal Spirits  |  description : Explores how animals, in the past and present, have been seen as repositories of spiritual energy, and discusses animal myths and symbols, and beliefs about animal intelligence and the soul
 id : 242219 ISBN : 1852332654  | name : Making the e-Business Transformation  |  description : Read this book and you'll not only understand WHY e-Business is vital to the continuing success of your organization but also HOW you can incorporate it into your business. Four key questions are asked within Making the e-Business Transformation: - How do you transform your existing business into an e-business? How do you go about introducing e-business into your Company? - What are the key enabling technologies? - What tools are needed to effectively manage domain and process knowledge? e-Business and e-Commerce is a revolution driven by IT. While computers and computer networks have been around for the last 50 years, it is only in the last five that they have found their way into everyday life. This book shows you how to harness the power of the new technologies to transform your business into an e-business company which will succeed in the e-commerce economy.
 id : 242220 ISBN : 0312135076  | name : The Healing Runes  |  description : Blum and Loughan have set out to fill a gigantic void in the healing field, and they have created healing interpretations for all the Runes. By using the classic Rune symbols and following the age-old Rune reading methods, they created a tool with 25 aspects for the emotional, psychological, and physical healing of people in times of crisis.
 id : 242223 ISBN : 0156116731  | name : Before Their Time  |  description : In "Before Their Times" a young black woman, her mother, grandmother, and great-grandmother tell us in their own words of their childhood, their sex lives, their school and work lives -- and why they all became teenage mothers. Their stories form an unforgettable four-generation history illuminating the influence of one generation on another and leading to a better understanding of why the cycle of teenage pregnancy so often repeats itself in both black and white families. In his foreword the noted psychiatrist and author Robert Coles sets the book in a larger social and historical context, and in her afterword the author offers recommendations for breaking the cycle of teenage pregnancy. -- From publisher's description.
 id : 242225 ISBN : 1567181821  | name : A Guide to the Celtic Dragon Tarot  |  description : Dig into ancient Celtic lore as your magic and divinations bask in the fiery breath of The Celtic Dragon Tarot by D. J. Conway and Lisa Hunt. Using her knowledge of the ancient Celts and working with the ancient dragon energies, Conway has designed one of the most vivid and powerful Tarot decks ever. Renowned fantasy artist Lisa Hunt created the art for this deck. Her brilliant and surprisingly intense watercolor amplifies the meanings of the cards. Her different types of dragons are filled with passion and life that will bring chills to your spine as you look at each card of the tarot deck. The Celtic Dragon Tarot is a set that combines a full-color, 78-card deck and a 240-page book, A Guide to the Celtic Dragon Tarot. Together, they can empower your readings, your magic, and your heart. No words can really express the beauty of this tarot deck. The amazing detail to attention on each card, from delicate scrollwork on clothes to the intensity of the expressions on the people and many different dragons will astound you. The included 216-page book explains the symbolism and meanings of each card. Included are four Tarot spreads to help make The Celtic Dragon Tarot a part of your daily life. Also featured are instructions on how to meditate with this deck, including three guided meditations. Numerous spells are given that use this deck and candles for healing, luck, protection, love, and more. You'll even learn how to develop your psychic abilities. Complete explanations of the symbolism on each card Divinatory meanings for each card Four Tarot spreads that you can use to do readings for yourself and others Spells using candles and this deck for healing, luck, protection, love, and more How to meditate with this deck, including three guided meditations Understand past-life influences on the present Develop psychic abilities The Celtic Dragon Tarot is an exciting new addition to your magical life. Whether you are interested in the Tarot, the Celts, magic, or self-improvement, this book and deck are a must. Click here to view the artwork of The Celtic Dragon Tarot.
 id : 242226 ISBN : 0679750444  | name : Chiquita's Cocoon  |  description : The only self-awareness guide tailored to the needs of Hispanic women from high school on--to be published simultaneously in English and Spanish language editions. Flores uses her own positive life experience to show other Hispanic women how they can escape cyclical poverty, large-family conditioning, religious repression, and machismo.
 id : 242227 ISBN : 0140298878  | name : Perfect Blood Pressure  |  description : We can literally breathe our way to a successful life and boost our health by learning simple breathing techniques. Awareness of our breathing patterns and muscular tension are the most powerful tools we have as individuals to control our thought patterns, our physiological state, our whole well-being. With this book, the result of ten years' work treating patients with breathing-related disorders, learn effective techniques for wellness and optimum performance.
 id : 242229 ISBN : 014027586X  | name : The Merry Heart  |  description : Readers around the world continue to mourn the 1995 death of a beloved literary icon, but this rich and varied collection of Robertson Davies's writings on the world of books and the miracle of language captures his inimitable voice and sustains his presence among us. Coming almost entirely from Davies? own files of unpublished material, these twenty-four essays and lectures range over themes from "The Novelist and Magic" to "Literature and Technology," from "Painting, Fiction, and Faking," to "Can a Doctor Be a Humanist?" and "Creativity in Old Age." For devotees of Davies and all lovers of literature and language, here is the "urbanity, wit, and high seriousness mixed by a master chef" (Cleveland Plain Dealer)?vintage delights from an exquisite literary menu. Davies himself says merely: "Lucky writers. . .like wine, die rich in fruitiness and delicious aftertaste, so that their works survive them." Viking will publish Robertson Davies? Happy Alchemy in July 1998 Many fine works by Robertson Davies are available from Penguin including The Deptford Trilogy, The Cornish Trilogy, and The Salterton Trilogy
 id : 242230 ISBN : 0312147597  | name : What We Know So Far  |  description : Erica Jong, Eartha Kitt, Billie Jean King, Zoe Caldwell, Grace Slick, and other women over the age of fifty are interviewed in a collection in which they talk about getting older, sex, lovers, menopause, marriage, and other concerns. Reprint.
 id : 242231 ISBN : 0046410538  | name : The Story of a Treaty  |  description : This accessible primer on the Treaty of Waitangi takes a fresh look at the treaty's origins, history, and meanings. Relations between the Europeans, Maori, and Pakeha are traced from the earliest years of European settlement to the signing of the treaty in 1840, through the land wars of the 1860s, and on to the present century. Discussed is the treaty's increasing importance as the Maori strive for autonomy and the Pakeha have begun to critically examine their history.
 id : 242232 ISBN : 0743484797  | name : Wither's Legacy  |  description : In WITHER and WITHER'S RAIN, Elizabeth Wither, the leader of a murderous coven of witches, terrorized the town of Windale with her evil magic. Only the courage and wits of teenage witch Wendy Ward could dispel Wither's wicked curse. After destroying Wither a second time, Wendy thought the ancient evil was defeated. She was wrong. As Elizabeth Wither took her dying breath, she cursed Wendy. In WITHER'S LEGACY, the curse awakens a demon that has one goal: destroy Wendy Ward. Now the young Wiccan must hone her supernatural gifts and, with her friends Kayla and Hannah, defeat Wither's black magic once more. But it won't be easy. Wendy has faced witches before in human form, but her new nemesis is a seven-foot-tall monster with razor-sharp fangs and a taste for human blood. The wendigo won't be satisfied until Wendy is dead.
 id : 242234 ISBN : 0877952612  | name : Labors of Love  |  description : With two children, a summer home on Cape Cod, a wife at Harvard Business School, an inability to write the Great American Novel, and a long-term mistress in Cincinnati pressing him to divorce, textbook editor Troy Slater must confront his precarious exist
 id : 242235 ISBN : 0451191048  | name : Damned in Paradise  |  description : In 1932 Hawaii, beautiful socialite Thalia Massie has been raped, and accuses a group of island natives of the crime. When one of the natives is murdered, presumably in revenge for this crime, members of Massie's family are arrested and placed on trial. While Darrow defends the Massie family in one of the most controversial trials of the century, Heller works to uncover what really happened in an environment rife with racial tension and intrigue! Nominated for Shamus Award.
 id : 242237 ISBN : 0670838772  | name : Putting on the Ritz  |  description : The witty duo from Blue Heaven invade the entourage of a tasteless real estate/media magnate, attempt to turn his talentless wife into a chanteuse, and vie for the affections of a suave magazine editor, in this deftly delicious comedy of bad manners, financial skullduggery, and romantic infighting.
 id : 242239 ISBN : 0380751410  | name : Talking Man  |  description : Delighted by the world he dreamed into existence, Talking Man, a godlike immortal, takes up residence in his creation as a Kentucky mechanic, but Dgene, Talking Man's dream-sister, tries to terminate the dream, by the author of "Wyrldmaker"
 id : 242240 ISBN : 0446403717  | name : The Seacoast of Bohemia  |  description : Hired by a wealthy woman to find the young son that was kidnapped four years earlier, former French policeman Henri Castang ventures into Czechoslovakia, where he finds a connection between the boy and an ex-SS officer. Reprint.
 id : 242241 ISBN : 1881515249  | name : Editing Sky  |  description : 1999 Texas Review Poetry Prize Winner Editing Sky I think of your Apache mother rubbing you raw with whitewash & pumice. In trying to bleach herself out of your smooth tailored skin, you became an even redder half-Irish. Even before then, blood had welled around your high cheekbone firmly pressed to the hardwood stock, lightly butted with the single shot from a small bore Twenty-two. Your first buck's last leap...
 id : 242242 ISBN : 096660217X  | name : The Unseen  |  description : A series of crimes is linked by one common denominator! None of the surveillance cameras reveals the assailant. It's tough to catch a killer you can't see. This is the third book in the Chase Dagger Series.
 id : 242243 ISBN : 0440414636  | name : The Schernoff Discoveries  |  description : Harold Schernoff, 14-year-old science whiz and social nerd, has a theory for every problem, from dating, to bullies, to making money, to sports, to how to buy a car when you're underage. When he and his buddy team up to put his theories to the test, nothing goes according to plan. A ski lesson becomes: Mass x Acceleration x Slope of hill = eeeAAGGHHH. As for first dates, only Harold could mastermind such disaster. Only Harold could go fishing and get caught by the fish. And only Gary Paulsen could write such a wonderfully funny story of friendship.
 id : 242244 ISBN : 0590685236  | name : Return to Ghost Camp  |  description : While at Camp Spirit Moon, the campers hear the tale of the Snatcher, an evil phantom who steals one camper from the grounds every year, and so take heed of the warnings they are given. Original.
 id : 242245 ISBN : 0590685228  | name : Horrors of the Black Ring  |  description : Having found a lost ring at school, Beth's teacher suddenly begins to act frighteningly strange, yet when the ring gets lost again and is found by Beth, it becomes apparent that the ring has an evil force attached to it as Beth begins to act oddly as well. Original.
 id : 242247 ISBN : 0374521913  | name : The End of it  |  description : An and-war novel about an American lieutenant fighting in ravaged Italy during World War II.
 id : 242249 ISBN : 0061056723  | name : Watcher  |  description : "Nebula-award-winning author Charles Grant delivers a chilling dark fantasy novel based on White Wolf's bestselling role-playing game." There is fresh blood in the dirt. Something is stalking people in the hills of Tennessee. Something that watches-then kills. It could only be a rogue Garou. If he is caught by humans, the secret of the 13 Tribes will be exposed. To stop him, the Garou must send one of their own; the lone wolf known as Silent Strider.
 id : 242250 ISBN : 0746015070  | name : Going on a Plane  |  description : The Tripp family enjoys traveling by plane.
 id : 242251 ISBN : 0671476246  | name : The Crack in the Cosmic Egg  |  description : Challenging constructs of mind and reality.
 id : 242252 ISBN : 0688147380  | name : Sheila Rae, the Brave  |  description : Sheila Rae is not afraid of anything. She walks backwards with her eyes closed, steps on every crack, growls at stray dogs, and bares her teeth at stray cats. But when Sheila Rae becomes lost on the way home from school, it is her "scaredy cat" sister, Louise, who shows her a thing or two about bravery and sibling love.
 id : 242254 ISBN : 0446302961  | name : Above the Wind and Fire  |  description : Fleeing the Normans, who imprisoned her father and confiscated his estate, Alysaun meets a troubadour, Brand de Reynard, who saves her life and wins her heart
 id : 242255 ISBN : 034535673X  | name : This Heart of Mine  |  description : Velvet, the beautiful, headstrong, and daring daughter of Skye O'Malley, embarks on a series of erotic adventures that lead her from an arranged marriage to abduction, from the British court to an Indian harem
 id : 242256 ISBN : 0307602923  | name : The Curious Little Kitten Around the House  |  description : The adventures of a little kitten as she explores the house alone for the first time.
 id : 242257 ISBN : 059054344X  | name : The Silly Story of Goldie Locks and the Three Squares  |  description : A modern descendant of the Goldilocks of folklore fame makes a similar visit to a stranger's house--with a geometric twist. Includes related activities.
 id : 242259 ISBN : 0679755411  | name : Stranger Music  |  description : In the decades since he recorded his first album, Leonard Cohen has evolved into an international cult figure--and one of the most literate, daring, and affecting poet-songwriters in the world. Stranger Music presents a magnificent cross-section of Cohen's work--including the legendary songs "Suzanne," "Sisters of Mercy," "Bird on a Wire," "Famous Blue Raincoat," "I'm Your Man," and "The Future"; selections from such books as Flowers for Hitler, Beautiful Losers, and Death of a Lady's Man, and eleven previously unpublished poems. This volume demonstrates definitively that Cohen is a writer of dazzling intelligence and a force that transcends genres.
 id : 242261 ISBN : 0394850467  | name : Beef Stew  |  description : When his friends decline to come over for a beef stew dinner, Nicky feels bad until a surprise visitor shows up.
 id : 242263 ISBN : 0553574450  | name : Realtime Interrupt  |  description : As director of the supersecret Oz Project, Joe's job was to create an environment so massive it was indistinguishable from reality. But after Joe entered this world, the Oz Project failed. Now, trapped digitally in this world, he meets fellow Oz volunteer Lilly. Together they discover the terrifying truth--they're alone and stranded on-line with no way out.
 id : 242265 ISBN : 0448400871  | name : Look Inside the Earth  |  description : Extra heavy board pages with intriguing die-cut holes to poke and peek through, and lively captions and labels, encourage young children to explore and learn.
 id : 242266 ISBN : 0448401878  | name : Look Around the City  |  description : Provides a behind-the-scenes look at a city, the people who live and work there, its buildings, its businesses, its construction, and other topics
 id : 242267 ISBN : 0027757315  | name : I Had a Cat  |  description : The owner of a cat, dog, bird, ape, frog, elk, deer, and a multitude of other animals finds new homes for all but one.
 id : 242268 ISBN : 0843928905  | name : Shadows  |  description : As psychic investigators probe hidden areas of the mind, and as New York writer David Blake studies the methods of a miracle healer, they unwittingly release forces from deep in the human psyche--horrifying forces capable of incredible destruction
 id : 242270 ISBN : 1859677347  | name : The New Guide to Spirits and Liqueurs  |  description : Gives a short history, illustrations of current brands and bottles, and serving suggestions for selected spirits, liqueurs and fortified wines.
 id : 242272 ISBN : 0451198778  | name : A Regency Christmas Present  |  description : In this heart-warming collection of all-new Regency stories, five bestselling authors--Fairchild, Carla Kelly, Allison Lane, Edith Layton, and Barbara Metzger--share the one gift that lasts year round: the gift of love.
 id : 242276 ISBN : 0843127317  | name : When the Wild Pirates Go Sailing  |  description : The wild pirates are not afraid of many sea creatures, but eventually they meet one they can't handle
 id : 242277 ISBN : 0821768158  | name : His Blushing Bride  |  description : Three tales of wedding day love set against the backdrop of Regency England contain misadventures, misunderstandings, and surprises for three charming couples.
 id : 242278 ISBN : 0517086654  | name : Classic Fairy Tales  |  description : Through her great capacity to love, a kind and beautiful maid releases a handsome prince from the spell which has made him an ugly beast.
 id : 242279 ISBN : 0743471474  | name : The Shadow Of The Lion  |  description : It is the year 1537. The great winged Lion stares over a Venice where magic thrives. The rich Venetian Republic is a bastion of independence and tolerance. Perhaps for that reason, it is also corrupt, and rotten with intrigue. But for the young brothers Marco and Benito Valdosta, vagabond and thief, Venice is simply home. They have no idea that they stand at the center of the city's coming struggle for its very life. They know nothing of the powerful forces moving in the background. They have barely heard of Chernobog, demonlord of the North, who is shifting his pawns to attack Venice in order to cut into the underbelly of the Holy Roman Empire. All Marco and Benito know is that they're hungry and in dangerous company: Katerina the smuggler, Caesare the sell-sword, Montagnard assassins, church inquisitors, militant Knights of the Holy Trinity, Dottore Marina the Strega mage ...and Maria. Maria might be an honest canaler, but she had the hottest temper a boy could find. Yet among the dark waters of the canals lurk far worse dangers than a hot-tempered girl. Chernobog has set a monster loose to wreak havoc on the city. Magic, murder and evil are all at work to pull Venice down. Fanatical monks seek to root out true witchcraft with fire and sword. Steel-clad Teutonic knights, wealth traders, church dignitaries and great Princes fight and plot for control of the jewel of the Mediterranean. And somehow all of these, from thieves to mages to princes, must gather around Marco and his brother Benito, under the shadow of the great winged lion of Venice.
 id : 242280 ISBN : 0385493436  | name : Lessons from the Top  |  description : Neff profiles the 50 best business leaders in America, exploring how they make their companies great--and the lessons that can be learned from them.
 id : 242281 ISBN : 185697832X  | name : A Treasury of Giant and Monster Stories  |  description : A collection of modern and traditional stories about giants and monsters, by such authors as Oscar Wilde, E. Nesbit, and Margaret Mahy.
 id : 242282 ISBN : 0394744780  | name : Fin-De-Siecle Vienna  |  description : A Pulitzer Prize Winner and landmark book from one of the truly original scholars of our time: a magnificent revelation of turn-of-the-century Vienna where out of a crisis of political and social disintegration so much of modern art and thought was born. "Not only is it a splendid exploration of several aspects of early modernism in their political context; it is an indicator of how the discipline of intellectual history is currently practiced by its most able and ambitious craftsmen. It is also a moving vindication of historical study itself, in the face of modernism's defiant suggestion that history is obsolete." -- David A. Hollinger, History Book Club Review "Each of [the seven separate studies] can be read separately....Yet they are so artfully designed and integrated that one who reads them in order is impressed by the book's wholeness and the momentum of its argument." -- Gordon A. Craig, The New Republic "A profound work...on one of the most important chapters of modern intellectual history" -- H.R. Trevor-Roper, front page, The New York Times Book Review "Invaluable to the social and political historian...as well as to those more concerned with the arts" -- John Willett, The New York Review of Books "A work of original synthesis and scholarship. Engrossing." -- Newsweek
 id : 242285 ISBN : 1558172130  | name : Shapechanger  |  description : He was the dark, all-powerful Shapechanger, waiting throughout the centuries for the time when he would unleash his terrible longing. Then the woman he had dreamed about came along, and the creature swore to kill and kill again to possess and share with her the secret of eternal life!
 id : 242287 ISBN : 0374528632  | name : Quick Studies  |  description : Hailed by "The Washington Post" as "surprising, substantive, and sophisticated" "Lingua Franca" covered the intellectual life of the 1990s with wit and passion and helped establish many of the leading voices in American journalism today. This is a collective portrait of the American intellectual in its native habitats.
 id : 242289 ISBN : 0471387584  | name : The Way of Adventure  |  description : "Into Thin Air meets The Road Less Traveled. Adventure is a tool, and Jeff Salz has written a manual that details its use."–Tim Cahill, author of Jaguars Ripped My Flesh and ounding editor of Outside magazine "The Way of Adventure will stir your blood, stretch your vision, and start you packing for the journey to the next horizon." —Sam Keen, New York Times bestselling author of Fire in the Belly and Learning to Fly "The Way of Adventure is great! In the busy world we all live in, it is so easy to fall into a rut and sleepwalk through life. Unless you turn your everyday life into an adventure, you aren’t getting the most out of it. This book tackles the journey of following your heart."—Kevin Turner, Senior Vice President and CIO, Wal-Mart "A wonderful, illuminating, and inspiring book. In this modern era of cell phones, e-mail, and time management, it is a delight to enter the world of the unpredictable, the exciting–and even the miraculous. In this book, Dr. Jeff Salz shares his extraordinary life experiences as an anthropologist, adventurer, and storyteller as he shows you how to rekindle the spirit of adventure, discovery, and wonder in your work, your relationships, and in every aspect of your life."—Ken Dychtwald, Ph.D., author of Age Wave "An absolutely wonderful book. Success is about finding adventure wherever you are. The Way of Adventure shows us how to expand our lives in ways that bring the worlds of business and personal adventure together. It inspires, informs, and entertains."–Stacy Allison, author, business consultant, and the first American woman to climb Mount Everest "Jeff Salz is a pioneer, blazing trails for us about how to live a richer, fuller, more rewarding life. This gem of a book is crammed with a wonderful combination of high adventure and profound wisdom that will enable anyone to succeed on any path you choose."–Robert Kriegel, Ph.D., NPR commentator and author of If It Ain’t Broke, Break It
 id : 242290 ISBN : 0590205498  | name : El autobus magico en el museo encantado  |  description : La clase de la senorita Frizzle se prepara para dar un concierto en el Museo de los Sonidos.
 id : 242291 ISBN : 1564585166  | name : Truck  |  description : "Tenoclock, Colorado, is one of those sleepy, little mountain towns that suddenly gets discovered and discovers that being a place to be often leaves something to be desired . . . unless, of course, you're part of the power structure. Now the town teeters at the edge: Newsweek calls it "the new Vail" and the Hollywood crowd is beginning to buy up the mountainside. Still, Deputy Sheriff Johnelle "Johnnie" Baker can always count on closing the police station at 11:00 P.M." "Then one September night, as the tourists begin arriving to watch the aspen change color - and to watch the celebrities watching, too - the sleep is knocked right out of Tenoclock. Johnnie's routine is shattered by a jail brawl and a missing persons report, not to mention the demands for attention from a not-so-significant other. At every scene, the facts just don't add up . . . and witnesses are falling like autumn leaves. One of the bodies is that of the sheriff." "The town fathers think naming Johnnie sheriff will be the kind of good publicity they've been seeking, and, after all, what can she do to cause trouble? She'll follow orders, the dead will be buried, and no one will ask embarrassing questions of the folks who are doing so much for the standard of living." "Johnnie Baker thinks otherwise."--BOOK JACKET.Title Summary field provided by Blackwell North America, Inc. All Rights Reserved
 id : 242292 ISBN : 0312921837  | name : Emma Who Saved My Life  |  description : Gil Freeman came to the big city in search of the American Dream. What he found was cheap Chianti, jobs in a bunny suit--and Emma. "A winner--a book of enormous charm . . . memorable scenes . . . one of the most promising fictional debuts in many years!"--Publishers Weekly.
 id : 242294 ISBN : 0789402114  | name : Airplane  |  description : Explains how the airplanes and major pieces of equipment in an airport work and interact.
 id : 242295 ISBN : 1556112858  | name : Cat Crimes II  |  description : From the pens of today's most prolific, popular and feline-fancying mystery writers comes this chilling collection of original stories that will leave you purring for more.
 id : 242297 ISBN : 0688137091  | name : Red River City  |  description : Children can create their own Wild West adventures with a three-dimensional story frieze, featuring punch-out characters, that recreates a town on the frontier with sixteen fold-out panels, each showing a different storefront, pop-ups, pull-outs, and more.
 id : 242298 ISBN : 0375800107  | name : Star Wars Episode I Great Big Flap Book  |  description : Lightsabers flash, starfighters explode, strange creature lurk in the shadows. Lift the flaps in this sturdy, oversized board book to reveal the most exciting details and fun facts about the characters, creatures, vehicles, and ships of STAR WARS Episode I. Also, follow the simple instructions in this book to make your own Naboo starfighter! Illustrated by the acclaimed fantasy and Star Wars artists Greg and Tim Hildebrandt.
 id : 242300 ISBN : 0886878128  | name : The World Almanac for Kids 1998  |  description : Amazing facts, puzzles & games, inventions, animals, science, sports, movies, people in the news, books, TV, computers, solar system, holidays, evironment, music, etc.
 id : 242301 ISBN : 0811817237  | name : Food Lover's Guide to San Francisco  |  description : Owner of San Francisco's Hayes Street Grill offers sage advice on the best cafes, restaurants, markets, cheese emporiums, coffee merchants, wine purveyors, and cookware vendors throughout the Bay Area.
 id : 242302 ISBN : 3726004076  | name : Mond im Kreis  |  description : Am Neujahrstag soll die Keltin Macha (15) Gaël aus dem Nachbardorf heiraten. Doch sie fürchtet sich vor seinem unbeherrschten Wesen und wehrt sich mit allen Mitteln gegen die Verbindung.
 id : 242303 ISBN : 0517025361  | name : Why Do Bees Hum? and 265 Other Great Jokes for Kids  |  description : Orginally published in 5 separate volumes: Riddles, Sports jokes, Teacher jokes, knock-knocks and Animal jokes.
 id : 242305 ISBN : 093570177X  | name : California Camping  |  description : Thoroughly revised and updated, this comprehensive guide to camping in California describes some 1,500 campgrounds in diverse regions of the state, detailing their accommodations, facilities, fees, local landmarks, and more. Original. Tour.
 id : 242306 ISBN : 0912333057  | name : Exploring the Best Ethnic Restaurants of the Bay Area  |  description : Here's the first complete, authoratative guide to the best ethnic restaurants of the SanFrancisco Bay Area-reviews and information on more than 200 restaurants representing 50 kinds of ethnic cuisine.
 id : 242307 ISBN : 084311844X  | name : Patacake Bakers Man  |  description : Shows a young child making a cake and demonstrates the gestures that accompany this traditional nursery rhyme.
 id : 242308 ISBN : 081180612X  | name : Bay Area Bike Rides  |  description : From Sonoma and Napa counties to the South Bay, scenic ocean vistas, stately redwood forests, and numerous public parks offer unparalleled, year-round recreation for bicyclists in the Bay Area. This new edition of a perennially popular guide for mountain bikers and touring cyclists includes over 50 rides, each featuring a concise map, mileage log, and a detailed description of local terrain. Complete with 11 brand-new routes, a helpful chapter on local transit systems, a bibliography, and an index, this handy volume will inspire bicyclists at every level of experience to make the most of the exciting cycling opportunities throughout the Bay Area. Visit S.F. Gate to find out what's happening in Bay Area news, entertainment, sports, and more.
 id : 242311 ISBN : 0933201575  | name : Cycling the San Francisco Bay Area  |  description : The Active Travel Series Cycling the San Francisco Bay AreaBy Carol O'Hare.
 id : 242313 ISBN : 0961411384  | name : Hawaii  |  description : Contains information on more than 100 condominiums and hotels, 70 restaurants, beaches and beach activities, air, land and water tours, and recreations such as shopping, snorkeling, biking, horseback riding, hiking, golf and tennis.
 id : 242315 ISBN : 0671876961  | name : Spacer Dreams  |  description : Tom Jenkins wants to go to space. But here at Brighthome Youth Center there isn't much of a chance to do anything like that. The only hope he has is in the legend of a space pirate visiting on occasion to recruit special chosen ones. Tom doesn't really believe it though. He's just doing his best to survive--when the legend comes true.
 id : 242316 ISBN : 0764565974  | name : Frommer's Washington, D.C. with Kids  |  description : The most complete and imaginative guide to one of America's top family destinations! This completely updated edition reveals the most fun and educational experiences for kids of all ages in the nation's capital. It's full of incredibly detailed tips - right down to which hotels offer cribs and rollaway beds and which restaurants offer high chairs and kids' menus. Inside you'll learn where to find hands-on, interactive museums; children's entertainment, from concerts and children's theater to puppet shows; tips for how to introduce your kids to the historic attractions; kid-oriented shopping, and parks and other places to play.
 id : 242317 ISBN : 0671878603  | name : Alien Dreams  |  description : Orphan Tom Jenkins finds himself on the way to fulfilling all his dreams when he wins the friendship of the pretty Alex, and is recruited into the Space Guard as a cadet, giving him access to the files that may hold the secret to his background.
 id : 242318 ISBN : 0312156723  | name : Tiger Woods  |  description : Takes a behind-the-scenes look at the young golfer's career and discusses his campaign for his third straight amateur championship and the beginnings of his life as a professional
 id : 242322 ISBN : 0345420055  | name : V for Victor  |  description : Alabama, 1942. The war is everywhere, but Victor--a sixteen-year old boy sent by his father to care for his dying grandmother on a lonely island in Mobile Bay--can only dream of it. Then he wakes one amazing night to a thunderous roar from the Bay, and watches as a thug burns his boat. He also discovers a decomposing corpse, witnesses a near-seduction . . . and sees the ominous shadow of an enemy submarine surfacing at night. Suddenly Victor is playing unforeseen roles--now hostage, now pursuer--in the perilous war at home. . . .
 id : 242325 ISBN : 0307117227  | name : Firefighters to the Rescue  |  description : After notifying the fire department of their neighbor's burning home, Tommy and Judy are taken on a tour of their local fire department and learn how the station runs and what training is required to become a fire fighter.
 id : 242326 ISBN : 0679768602  | name : The Dog King  |  description : From Christoph Ransmayr, whose brilliant rise to preeminence among the younger generation of writers in the German language was recently crowned when he shared with Salman Rushdie Europe's most prestigious new literary award, the Aristeion Prize--a novel in which fiction and history are forged into a universe of mythic intensity. World War II has ended, but only in the West. Central Europe is slipping back into its agricultural past. The bomb has not yet been dropped--nor will it be for twenty years. The Allies have punished Germany for its war crimes by forcing it to revert to a preindustrial age: power stations, railways, factories, and all the machinery of technology have been destroyed or abandoned and left to decay. Moor is a small quarry town (Mauthausen in the all-too-recent past of real history). The occupying American army has installed a camp survivor, Ambras, to govern the local population. Brave, lonely, hated and feared by his former persecutors, Ambras has returned to Moor only because his Jewish wife died there. Setting up house in a derelict villa surrounded by wild hounds that earn him the nickname the Dog King, he chooses another loner, the village boy Bering, as his bodyguard. Moving away from his family and into the compound, the boy enters a new universe of power, of half-glimpsed ideas, of contact with the forbidden world outside. And he meets the only other person Ambras welcomes, a strange and beautiful orphan girl named Lily who lives and hunts in the hills, who knows where the weapons are hidden and forages in the "free world for the goods the villagers crave. But Bering's new life begins to unravel as he succumbs to a strange eye disease known as Morbus Kitahara, in which the vision gradually darkens and which tends to afflict marksmen and sharpshooters. Only Lily can find help, can offer them all a possible future. The three make a courageous bid to escape, and the account of their flight brings the novel to its extraordinarily gripping and suspenseful climax. Searingly powerful, with a poetic intensity that stays with the reader long after the last page, The Dog King is a modern masterpiece.
 id : 242328 ISBN : 1588516385  | name : Skeletal Remains  |  description : Enter a realm where unbridled horror dwells, an isolated, long-abandoned homestead that opens it's decomposing doors to three Halloween thrill seekers on a quest for the ultimate trek into unrelenting terror. Tales will be told to chill the bones and freeze the bloodstream as a foreboding presence that thirsts for the souls of the wicked lurks in the shadows, patiently waiting for the arrival of the Witching Hour, when the manifestation of true evil will find sweet release.
 id : 242329 ISBN : 0525460500  | name : The Prince of Egypt  |  description : Based on the motion picture, this is the biblical story of 2 men, both were princes, but only one was born to lead.
 id : 242330 ISBN : 0870447572  | name : Explore a Tropical Forest  |  description : Text and pop-up illustrations depict the rich variety of plant and animal life found in a tropical rain forest.
 id : 242331 ISBN : 0671216465  | name : Complete Guide to Winning Poker  |  description : This is the biggest, most complete, and most authoritative book ever written on poker—everything there is to know about the Great American Game from the rules of each variation to the most expert instruction on playing the odds. Albert Morehead, author of more than 70 books on the rules and procedures of card games, has taken most of the mystery and even more of the luck out of winning—“Poker is a game of skill. If you aren’t beating the game, you’re being outplayed.” What does count in this game is attitude, judgment, skills, and these can all be acquired.
 id : 242332 ISBN : 059045479X  | name : Gemma and the Baby Chick  |  description : Gemma, who collects eggs from the hen house, discovers a hen sitting on her eggs and helps save a chick that is slow to hatch.
 id : 242333 ISBN : 3548362028  | name : Flyermania  |  description : Beispiele von bedruckten Einladungen ; Party - Flyer ; fliegende Kunstwerke.
 id : 242334 ISBN : 1583450084  | name : Natchez  |  description : Welcome to Natchez, home to whores, gamblers, and anyone out to make a fast buck, no matter what the cost. . . . The untimely death of lovely young Rebecca Bennett's father forces the innocent girl from Savannah to live by her wits. Alone, penniless, and seemingly betrayed by the only man she has ever truly loved, she must live by her wits to stay alive and fulfil her dream: to buy her beloved Oliver's plantation and have a home of her own, even though he is miles away. But though she tries to escape from her shady past, the powerful enemies at work against her and Oliver close in. Can she ever find happiness, safety, and the people responsible for her father's death and her ruin? And can she ever be sure of Oliver's love?
 id : 242335 ISBN : 1559123761  | name : The Art of Christian Riese Lassen  |  description : Come dive into the warm crystal-clear waters of Hawaii. Christian Riese Lassen's mystical visions invite us to swim with the whales and dolphins, surrounded by colorful reef fish and varied sea life. Marvel at these brilliant perspectives of lush tropical landscapes aloft thriving reefs and the beautiful underwater world. Inspired by Hawaii's abundant sea life, Lassen's "multi-environmental" style has won him worldwide recognition. After seeing this extensive collection, you'll know why the World Federation of United Nations uses his work to promote their efforts to protect the world's oceans. Softcover.
 id : 242336 ISBN : 1579903622  | name : 500 Bowls  |  description : The amazing beauty and variety in these 500 bowls is a testament to the imagination and inventiveness of today's ceramist. Every technique from across the globe is presented here.
 id : 242337 ISBN : 0670889768  | name : The Corporation  |  description : Over the last 150 years the corporation has risen from relative obscurity to become the world's dominant economic institution. The author, an eminent Canadian law professor and legal theorist, contends that today's corporation is a pathological institution, a dangerous possessor of the great power it wields over people and societies. 2004.
 id : 242338 ISBN : 0684815516  | name : La vida loca  |  description : In the tradition of "The Autobiography of Malcolm X" and "Manchild in the Promised Land" comes an explosive memoir of hopelessness and resurrection that vividly portrays the brutality of barrio gang life. A timely exploration into the roots of Latino rage.
 id : 242339 ISBN : 0671692747  | name : The Smoke Screen Mystery  |  description : On the trail of an arsonist trying to ruin developer Donald Pierce, Frank and Joe Hardy go undercover as firefighters and turn the heat on three different suspects.
 id : 242340 ISBN : 0897331109  | name : The Provincial Lady in America  |  description : The Third in the delightful "Provincial Lady" series finds our pungently witty English lady traveling the United States. Her two earlier books were set in Devonshire and London respectively, where she set down her observations of life and letters as they affected her and her menage of husband, two children and assorted servants, friends and acquaintances. In this volume she comes to America on a literary tour. She visits New York, Cleveland, Chicago and the World's Fair of 1932, Boston, Philadelphia and Washington, among other cities -- confiding to her diary as she goes her shrewd and barbed thoughts and queries. Here is no British What's-Wrong-with-America, but rather a delightful See-Yourselves-as-Others-See-You: a challenge to the American sense of humor. Readers of Diary of a Provincial Lady and The Provincial Lady in London will be further amused and charmed by their favorite diarist's trans-Atlantic adventures.
 id : 242341 ISBN : 1562611917  | name : The People's Guide to Mexico  |  description : Now in its updated 13th edition, The People's Guide to Mexico still offers the ideal combination of basic travel information, entertaining stories, and friendly guidance about everything from driving in Mexico City to hanging a hammock to bartering at the local mercado.Features include: - Advice on planning your trip, where to go, and how to get around once you're there- Practical tips to help you stay healthy and safe, deal with red tape, change money, send email, letters and packages, use the telephone, do laundry, order food, speak like a local, and more- Well-informed insight into Mexican culture, and hints for enjoying traditional fiestas and celebrations- The most complete information available on Mexican Internet resources, book and map reviews, and other info sources for travelers
 id : 242342 ISBN : 0671674846  | name : Running on Empty  |  description : The Hardy boys go undercover to find Chet and his kidnappers in the car chase crazy mystery.
 id : 242343 ISBN : 1587680009  | name : Conversation  |  description : Approaches the subject of conversation in a sophisticated, thought-provoking manner, explaining what kind of talk charmed and excited people in the past, why conversation is different today and what it could be like in the future.
 id : 242344 ISBN : 0671646850  | name : Double Exposure  |  description : Frank and Joe meet their long-lost brother, Chris Hardy. But a hail of bullets cuts their visit short.
 id : 242345 ISBN : 0684800209  | name : How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying  |  description : Theatre program.
 id : 242346 ISBN : 0671630814  | name : Hostages of Hate  |  description : The kidnapping of Frank Hardy's girlfriend at an antiterror convention sends the Hardy Boys running into a terrorist deathtrap.
 id : 242347 ISBN : 0573616736  | name : The Time of Your Life  |  description : The assorted customers of a small saloon in the big city (San Francisco) are a passing parade, relating their problems and accomplishments, their joy and sorrow to Joe, "whose hobby is people".
 id : 242348 ISBN : 0671674803  | name : Blood Money  |  description : When Frank and Joe investigate a series of gangland killings, they find themselves in a race to save their father, a former detective with the NYPD.
 id : 242349 ISBN : 0140390545  | name : Mont-Saint-Michel and Chartres  |  description : Mont Saint Michel and Chartres is a record not of a literal jouney but of a meditative journey across time and space into the medieval imagination. Using the architecture, sculpture, and stained glass of the two locales as a starting point, Adams breathes life into what others might see merely as monuments of a past civilization. With daring and inventive conceits, Adams looks at the ordinary people, places, and events in the context of the social conventions and systems of thought and belief of the thirteenth century turning the study of history into a kind of theater. As Raymond Carney discusses in his introduction, Adams' freeedom from the European traditions of study lends an exuberance—and puckish wit—to his writings. For more than seventy years, Penguin has been the leading publisher of classic literature in the English-speaking world. With more than 1,700 titles, Penguin Classics represents a global bookshelf of the best works throughout history and across genres and disciplines. Readers trust the series to provide authoritative texts enhanced by introductions and notes by distinguished scholars and contemporary authors, as well as up-to-date translations by award-winning translators.
 id : 242350 ISBN : 0671663070  | name : Cast of Criminals  |  description : When her starring role in the production of a murder mystery at Bayport's Grand Theater is marred by threatening notes, Callie turns to her boyfriend, Frank Hardy, to find out who is responsible.
 id : 242351 ISBN : 0671624806  | name : Night of the Werewolf  |  description : When a ferocious, wolf-life creature appears in a small town, the Hardy boys are engaged to clear the name of a young man who has a history of werewolves in his family.
 id : 242353 ISBN : 0671663097  | name : The Shadow Killers  |  description : While investigating threats against munerous local karate champs, Frank and Joe discover links to a theft at an armory, and the two are soon facing the Japanese underworld and ninja masters.
 id : 242354 ISBN : 0671727176  | name : The Secret of Sigma Seven  |  description : With more than six and a half million copies in print, the Hardy Boys add up to super sales. When the only copies of director Simon Devoreaux's latest blockbuster film are stolen, the worlds of science fiction and fantasy become dangerously real to Frank and Joe as they investigate the crime.
 id : 242355 ISBN : 0062517171  | name : All Things Possible  |  description : NFL sensation Kurt Warner tells the incredible story of faith and perseverance that captured the hearts of millions and rocketed him from obscurity to become MVP and Super Bowl champion in 2000.
 id : 242357 ISBN : 0375812121  | name : The Nose Book  |  description : A super-simple look at noses of all kind, color, and shape, including their multiple uses and maddening maladies! Illustrations.
 id : 242361 ISBN : 0735619050  | name : Microsoft Visual Basic .NET Step by Step  |  description : Explores the fundamentals of Visual Basic .NET, covering basic programming skills, managing data, the user interface design, and database and Internet programming.
 id : 242364 ISBN : 0140088083  | name : The Russian Album  |  description : Informed by diaries of many of the author's relatives, this volume represents a memoir of four generations of an aristocratic Russian family and a dramatic portrayal of Tsarist Russia, civil war, and exile
 id : 242365 ISBN : 082122042X  | name : The Chronicle of Impressionism  |  description : An illustrated chronicle of the artists, paintings, exhibitions, and events that marked the Impressionist period includes documentary material on the period, as well as four hundred illustrations. By the author of The Impressionists at First Hand.
 id : 242367 ISBN : 0156551462  | name : Maigret's Pipe  |  description : Seventeen stories feature Simenon's dauntless detective as he works on some baffling cases both from his base--Paris police headquarters on the Quai des Ortevres--and throughout the provinces.
 id : 242368 ISBN : 0151004412  | name : The Head Game  |  description : Baseball's most celebrated chronicler on the history and evolution of the greatest mental and physical duel in sports-between the picture and the batter.
 id : 242372 ISBN : 0310269202  | name : A Reader's Greek-English Lexicon of the New Testament ; And, A Beginner's Guide for the Translation of New Testament Greek  |  description : A verse-by-verse arrangement of all words appearing fewer than 5 times, with definitions. Appendices give summaries of major points of Greek grammar.
 id : 242374 ISBN : 0684180812  | name : The History of Ancient Israel  |  description : The author traces the history of the Israelites, from ancient times to the siege of Jerusalem in 70 A.D.
 id : 242375 ISBN : 0310260108  | name : Commentary on the Whole Bible  |  description : Each chapter is summed up in its contents, each paragraph reduced to its proper heads, the sense given, and largely illustrated with practical remarks and observations.
 id : 242376 ISBN : 0785211969  | name : Nave's Topical Bible  |  description : 100,000 Bible passages organized under more than 20,000 topics Fan-tab thumb-index reference system 6 3/4 x 9 5/8
 id : 242377 ISBN : 0151705097  | name : The Outlaw  |  description : Homeless, penniless, and wanted for a a crime in his native Poland, Stan wanders through Europe, only to return to Paris with one thing to sell--his inside knowledge of the workings of a notorious gang
 id : 242380 ISBN : 8434809028  | name : Aniceto, el vencecanguelos  |  description : Aniceto es un niño que tiene miedo a casi todo. Por culpa de esos temores se ve inmerso en multitud de aventuras y un día decide enfrentarse definitivamente a ellos. ¿Conseguirá Aniceto convertirse en un hombre? Una historia sobre los temores y las inseguridades narrada con un dominio extraordinario del lenguaje infantil.
 id : 242382 ISBN : 1559346841  | name : Human Antiquity  |  description : Where did we come from? To answer this question, anthropologists reconstruct the human past and study the human present from both biological and cultural perspectives. "Human Antiquity" offers an absorbing, straightforward explanation of human origins and evolution by thoroughly integrating physical anthropology and archaeology. Co-authors Kenneth Feder and Michael Park combine the ideas, methods, and knowledge from both biological anthropology and archaeology into a unified effort: Feder is an archeologist who conducts surveys, excavations, and analyses to understand the native inhabitants of New England; Park is a biological anthropologist interested in the application of evolutionary theory to the biological history of our species. .
 id : 242388 ISBN : 0072224703  | name : How to Do Everything with Dreamweaver MX  |  description : Demonstrates the Web authoring program's updated features while reviewing such Web design basics as links, graphics, tables, forms, security, and site maintenance.
 id : 242389 ISBN : 0764532715  | name : Photoshop? Studio Secrets  |  description : Photoshop® studio secrets™ 2nd Edition "McClelland takes you step by step through every stage of the design, from concept to execution. This is the book you need if you're more interested in the artwork than in the tools." — Los Angeles Times Learn from the Pros! Twenty-one of the world's top digital artists — including veterans Robert Bowen, Glenn Mitsui, and Jeff Schewe — share hard-earned Photoshop techniques developed over years on the job. It's all here: high-end commercial art, video, film, fine art, QTVR, the Web, and more. Photoshop guru Deke McClelland and Katrin Eismann tell it all through in-depth explanations of real-world methods and techniques used in actual projects by the best in the business. Exclusive Artwork and Web Pages on Cross-Platform CD-ROM: 250MB of QuickTime movies and interactive VR artwork Phone interviews with featured artists A special episode from Deke McClelland's cable TV show "Digital Gurus" Shareware programs are fully functional, free trial versions of copyrighted programs. If you like particular programs, register with their authors for a nominal fee and receive licenses, enhanced versions, and technical support. Freeware programs are free, copyrighted games, applications, and utilities. You can copy them to as many PCs you like — free — but they have no technical support
 id : 242390 ISBN : 0825431476  | name : Commentary on Peter & Jude  |  description : "This classic commentary represents everything for which Martin Luther is famous. It features variety, clarity of exposition, the stinging force of rebuke, and simplicity and directness of language. Luther brings to light the important message of this often neglected portion of the New testament for the church today. His discussion of the Christian life is a treasury of practical advice for spiritual growth. Luther emphasizes the eternal hope of the believer along with a call to radical Christian living. This volume is invaulable to the Christian seeking a closer walk with Jesus Christ, as well as to the pastor or teacher seeking unique insights into God's Word" -- BACK COVER.
 id : 242393 ISBN : 0825431190  | name : Commentary on Romans  |  description : The indispensable look at the book of the Bible that turned the church on its head--through the eyes of the man that lit the fires of the Reformation. Written by the great reformer, this practical commentary acquaints the reader with the fundamentals of Luther's evangelical teachings and the roots of the Reformation. Included are a powerful introduction, which impressed the truth of Christ's salvation upon the heart of John Wesley, and explanatory notes and headings by translator J. Theodore Mueller. Gives deep insight into the book of Romans Provides an understanding of the roots of reformed theology
 id : 242394 ISBN : 0670885959  | name : River of Darkness  |  description : Inspector John Madden of Scotland Yard investigates the murder of a family in the post-World War I British countryside. A veteran of the war, Madden immediately recognizes the work of a soldier, but discovering the motive will take longer. First in a series.
 id : 242395 ISBN : 0964271249  | name : The Artistic Touch 3  |  description : The Fine Art work of 110 artists are presented in The Artistic Touch 3 which is the 3nd book in the Artistic Touch series. Each of the artists describe their inspirations and the techniques that are employed. The Watercolor Medium is used by most of the artists but there are also oil, acrylic and pastel techniques presented. An example of the quality of work which makes up the Artistic Touch series is a review in the American Artistic magazine, where it was stated:American Artist Magazine Book Review of The Artistic TouchRECOMMENDED BOOKS"This lavishly illustrated volume would be worth its price even without the text. It's fun reading because of the variety of works, which are broken up into such categories as abstractions, animals, machines, the sky, travel, and landscapes. There are sixty-five watercolorists represented, including Nita Engle, Judi Betts, Frank Webb, Janet Fish, Pat Deadman, and Jeanne Dobie. Under most of the paintings reproduced here, the artists describe their inspiration for the work and offer various tidbits of technical information."
 id : 242396 ISBN : 3473580147  | name : Die Wolke  |  description : In genau dem Moment, in dem alles perfekt scheint, bricht das Chaos über sie herein: die Alarmsirene schrillt und Elmar erkennt als einziger, dass es sich dabei um einen ABC-Alarm handelt. Auf die Nachricht, dass sich in dem nicht einmal hundert Kilometer entfernten Atomkraftwerk ein Störfall ereignet hat, reagieren alle panisch. Auf eine Situation wie diese war niemand vorbereitet, es gibt keinen Katastrophenplan und die riesige, radioaktive Wolke treibt auf Schlitz zu. Die Menschen versuchen zu fliehen, Hannah holt als erstes Uli von der Grundschule ab und verschanzt sich mit ihm im Haus. Elmar hat ihr noch während des tumultartigen Aufbruchs vor der Schule zugerufen, sie mit dem Auto zu Hause abzuholen, doch zunächst warten die Geschwister auf ihre Mutter, oder zumindest einen Anruf.
 id : 242398 ISBN : 0140260668  | name : The Morningside World of Stuart McLean  |  description : Essays from the CBC radio program "Morningside."
 id : 242399 ISBN : 0891343385  | name : Fill Your Watercolors with Light and Color  |  description : Dozens of step-by-step examples show how to use the special techniques of masking and pouring.
 id : 242403 ISBN : 2831515203  | name : Western European Phrase Book  |  description : The set contains over 300 phrases in 12 key languages, and covers such topics as basic expressions, snacks, travel by train, and emergencies.
 id : 242404 ISBN : 0896723917  | name : Dachau 29 April 1945  |  description : Members of the Rainbow Division, 42nd Infantry discuss what it was like to participate in the liberation of the Dachau concentration camp in April of 1945.
 id : 242405 ISBN : 0913573868  | name : Sammlung  |  description : This renowned reference book has served scholars, pastors, students, and those interested in the background of the New Testament for years. The insight given into the Essene community, the destruction of Jerusalem and the interpretations and traditions of the Old Testament in first century Judaism is invaluable. The outlook of Josephus, a late first century Pharisee and historian, on Jesus and the New Testament documents is enlightening and provocative. As an original reference, "The Works of Josephus" is essential to a full understanding of the first century, the time of Christ and the New Testament. Complete and unabridged, this is the best one-volume edition of the classic translation of Josephus works. The entire text has been reset in modern, easy-to-read type; numbering corresponding to that used in the Loeb edition has been added to the text; and citations and cross-references have been updated from Roman numerals to Arabic numbers.
 id : 242406 ISBN : 1404304975  | name : Guy Mannering  |  description : The tale was originally told me by an old servant of my father's, an excellent old Highlander, without a fault. He believed as firmly in the story as in any part of his creed. A grave and elderly person, according to old John MacKinlay's account, while traveling in the wilder parts of Galloway, was benighted. With difficulty he found his way to a country seat, where he was readily admitted. The owner of the house was much struck by the reverend appearance of his guest, and apologized to him for a certain degree of confusion which must unavoidably attend his reception. The lady of the house was, he said, confined to her apartment, and on the point of making her husband a father for the first time. Not so, sir, said the stranger; my wants are few, and easily supplied, and I trust the present circumstances may even afford an opportunity of showing my gratitude for your hospitality. Let me only request that I may be informed of the exact minute of the birth. I will not conceal from you that I am skillful in understanding and interpreting the movements of those planetary bodies which exert their influences on the destiny of mortals. competent estate, and only use the knowledge I possess for the benefit of those in whom I feel an interest...
 id : 242407 ISBN : 019506948X  | name : A Handbook of Critical Approaches to Literature  |  description : For over twenty-five years a favorite of instructors and students around the world, this comprehensive guide to the major critical approaches to literature has been thoroughly revised to reflect the explosion of critical theories and the radical expansion and revision of the literary canon that have taken place in recent decades. Two entirely new chapters cover feminist approaches and structuralism and poststructuralism, and there are substantial new sections on recent neo-Marxist theories, dialogics, hermeneutics, the new historicism, and reader-response criticism. In addition, bibliographic references have been updated and expanded throughout. Combining the best features of competing texts, the Handbook not only defines and outlines the development of all the major critical-interpretive perspectives, with copious references to the most important and influential sources, but offers detailed practical applications of the various approaches to the same four literary works--a unique feature that gives students both a dramatic demonstration of the strengths of each approach and a memorable set of models for the interpretation of other literary works. Organized for flexibility, the Handbook can be taught as a continuous unit or adapted to fit courses organized by genre, and is equally successful as an introductory survey for beginning students and as a reference and bibliographic guide for graduates. Offering a practical yet scholarly blend of applied criticism and pedagogy in an engaging style and an accessible format, this new edition of the Handbook is an invaluable companion for today's students of literature and literary criticism.
 id : 242409 ISBN : 0155033379  | name : Harbrace College Handbook  |  description : This is a compact yet comprehensive guide for writers. Its approach is practical, its advice is clearly and concisely stated, and its purpose is to help students become more effective writers.
 id : 242410 ISBN : 0801030196  | name : Learn New Testament Greek  |  description : A comprehensive introduction and study guide to New Testament Greek. Includes an audio CD-ROM.
 id : 242415 ISBN : 0553242296  | name : Wyoming!  |  description : America's first wagon train pushes its way westward through the Rockies accompanied by wagon scout, Whip Holt. Two women vie for Whip's attention and either has the power to become his fatal weakness.
 id : 242416 ISBN : 0789711419  | name : Easy Microsoft Outlook 97  |  description : Step-by-step tasks show you how to send, receive, and manage your e-mail; keep track of your appointments, meetings, and special events; update your address book by importing old addresses, adding contacts, and creating distribution lists; track projects with the Tasks List; create and maintain a journal of your activities; organize all your notes; use Outlook to launch and manage Office 97 applications; and install and use the latest Microsoft enhancements.
 id : 242419 ISBN : 0449241424  | name : Things Fall Apart  |  description : First published in 1958, this novel tells the story of Okonkwo, the leader of an Igbo (Ibo) community who is banished for accidentally killing a clansman. The novel covers the seven years of his exile to his return, providing an inside view of the intrusion of white missionaries and colonial government into tribal Igbo society in the 1890s.
 id : 242420 ISBN : 0840751877  | name : Three Steps Forward, Two Steps Back  |  description : Chuck Swindoll talks about standing firm when faced with life's deepest problem, growing and finding spiritual help in lonely times of crisis and pain, and walking through setbacks to emerge a stronger person on the other side.
 id : 242422 ISBN : 0818905387  | name : Enjoy the Lord  |  description : Contemplative prayer as the pathway to true joy.
 id : 242424 ISBN : 089733471X  | name : Too Late for the Festival  |  description : Paine, a technical writer for Hewlett-Packard, recalls her time in the company's Tokyo branch.
 id : 242425 ISBN : 0306810964  | name : The A List  |  description : In 100 memorable essays, the National Society of Film Critics lists the 100 essential films of all time (a list which may surprise some movie fans). 16 photos.
 id : 242426 ISBN : 0733608892  | name : The Sharp End  |  description : Thriller dealing with murder, revenge and a man's attempts to make peace with his family and his past. The author's other publications include 'Fortress' which was made into a film 'Tooth and law', 'Jumbo' and 'Whipping Boy'.
 id : 242427 ISBN : 0833513869  | name : Kon-Tiki  |  description : Photographs illustrate the author's account of his voyage from Peru to Tahiti on a balsa raft to test a theory concerning the origins of the Polynesian race
 id : 242428 ISBN : 0312941102  | name : The Door Into Shadow  |  description : Freelorn, the exiled prince of Arlen, and his companions, Sunspark, Eftgan, Herewiss, and Segnbora challenge the evil power of the Shadow
 id : 242430 ISBN : 0393316696  | name : Fast French  |  description : "The man or woman doing business in France, the tourist, the student at school, all have one basic need," writes the author of this handy book: "to express themselves so that they can be understood and understand at the simplest level." Fast French features:1300 current, everyday words24 well-planned lessons, of graduated difficultya simplified, basic language.
 id : 242432 ISBN : 157036219X  | name : Perspectives  |  description : A collection of essays, adapted from Downs' ten-minute broadcasts, cover such topics as happiness, left-handedness, history, and some of the commentator's recollections
 id : 242433 ISBN : 0312944322  | name : Too Long a Sacrifice  |  description : Enslaved by fairies in sixth-century Ireland, Tadh MacNiall and his wife, Maire, are returned to the land of mortals in the twentieth century when the fairy empire disintegrates
 id : 242435 ISBN : 2070362256  | name : Fermina Márquez  |  description : Tous ceux qui l'approchaient, tous ceux auxquels elle parlait, ceux qui jouaient avec elle, formaient, autour d'elle, une sorte de cour d'amour ; c'étaient ses chevaliers. Les chevaliers de Fermina Márquez, donc, étaient admirés de tous les élèves, et peut-être même des plus jeunes parmi les surveillants. De ces belles promenades dans le parc, nous ne rapportions plus l'odeur du tabac fumé en cachette, mais le parfum des petites Américaines. Etait-ce le géranium ou le réséda ?
 id : 242437 ISBN : 0892964669  | name : Dead Men's Hearts  |  description : Among the ancient ruins of the Valley of the Nile, a four-thousand-year-old skeleton appears and reappears in one place after another along a trail of deadly greed. By the author of Old Bones. 25,000 first printing. Tour.
 id : 242438 ISBN : 0385312709  | name : Pictures of Perfection  |  description : High in the Mid-Yorkshire dales stands the village of Enscombe, pretty as a picture and proud survivor of all that history and nature have been able to throw at it. But now market forces mass at the gates, developers undermine The Green, the walls of the hall have been breached by tourists, an estate agent's blazon flies over the vicarage, and the school is making its last desperate stand. Against these crimes the law offers little defense. But when a policeman is reported missing, leaving only a handful of bizarre clues, DCI Peter Pascoe gets worried. Detective Superintendent Andrew Dalziel thinks he's just overreacting - until the normally phlegmatic Sergeant Wield also shows signs of changing his first impressions of village life. Over two eventful days a new pattern emerges, of lust and lying, of family feuds and ancient injuries, of frustrated desires and unbalanced minds. Finally, inevitably, everything comes to a bloody climax at the Squire's Reckoning, where the villagers gather each Lady Day to feast and gossip and pay old debts. Not even the presence of the Mid-Yorkshire CID trio can change the course of history, though one of them is to find the course of his own personal history changed forever.
 id : 242440 ISBN : 0316084603  | name : Bartlett's Familiar Quotations  |  description : First published in 1855, BARTLETT'S FAMILIAR QUOTATIONS has been completely updated and revised for the seventeenth edition by Pulitzer Prize-winning biographer Justin Kaplan. This 17th edition, under Kaplan's splendid direction, contains over 20,000 quotations, representing 2,500 authors, 90 of whom are new to BARTLETT'S. New comers include Bill Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Tony Kushner, Tammy Wynette, Margaret Atwood, Mary Oliver, Maya Angelou, Frank O'Hara, Martin Amis, Kingsley Amis, Mother Teresa, Jacques Cousteau, Rudolph Giuliani, Alfred Hitchcock, L. M. Montgomery, Eric Ambler, Jerry Seinfeld, J.K. Rowling, Katharine Graham, and Emma Goldman. With quotations presented in chronological order, in the famous BARTLETT'S tradition, BARTLETT'S gives the reader a vast panorama of the world, from the ancient Egyptians to the latest movie, from the inspirational and the beautiful to the sardonic and the downright funny.
 id : 242443 ISBN : 0743426967  | name : Witch  |  description : After losing her parents in a rafting accident, Holly Cather is sent to live with her aunt and twin cousins in Seattle, where she discovers a family legacy of magic, possession, and reincarnation, and a generations-old feud.
 id : 242445 ISBN : 031215609X  | name : The Night Sky  |  description : Haunted by the memory of the mother who abandoned her at age seven, jewelry designer and artist Ivy Slovak recalls the years spent with her loving, itinerant father, wandering the desert, hoping to find the troubled, beautiful woman who had left them both.
 id : 242447 ISBN : 0740714465  | name : Open Your Mind, Open Your Life  |  description : Open Your Mind, Open Your Life encourages and uplifts readers with more than 300 inspiring guideposts based on the timeless wisdom of Eastern thought. It's filled with sage advice on opening life to its inherent joy, including: * Master your past in the present, or the past will master your future. * Instead of putting others in their place, put yourself in theirs. * True happiness in life is found always within. * As water carves through stone, those who persevere will win. * Turn your face to the sun and shadows will only fall behind you. Open Your Mind, Open Your Life is richly illustrated with exquisite Far East-inspired patterns and original watercolor art.
 id : 242449 ISBN : 0553087231  | name : Provençal Light  |  description : Provides healthful, French regional recipes for salads, appetizers, breads, sauces, soups, fish, shellfish, eggs, tortes, pasta, pizza, gnocchi, vegetables, beans, poultry, rabbit, and desserts
 id : 242451 ISBN : 3442356709  | name : Dinner für drei  |  description : Alle Mädchen werden einmal gross - selbst erfolgreiche Kinderstars - und verlieben sich. Im Fall der blauäugigen, zierlichen Honey Moon allerdings gleich in zwei berühmt-berüchtigte Männer: in Dash Coogan, den legendären Kinohelden, und in Eric Dillon, Hollywoods Enfant terrible, dessen dunkle, geheimnisvolle Ausstrahlung ein schmerzhaftes Geheimnis verbirgt. Doch Honey Moon trüge ihren Namen zu Unrecht, wenn sie nicht mit Witz, Herz und Mut um die Liebe kämpfen würde.
 id : 242452 ISBN : 0312118694  | name : Greenwich Village, Including The East Village and Soho  |  description : In Greenwich Village find out how in 1895 the Washington Square Arch, symbolic portal to Greenwich Village and the East Village, was officially christened in gala pageantry attended by Grover Cleveland. Read about Village Bohemians like Marcel Duchamp (Nude Descending a Staircase) and John Reed (The Day in Bohemia and Ten Days that Shook the World), who demanded independence for Village residents and visitors from the top of the arch in 1916, declaring it "Little Bohemia." Marvel at the exploits of Maxwell Bodenheim, Joe "Professor Seagull" Gould, Ruth (My Sister Eileen) McKenney (who lived at 14 Gay Street), Edna (named after St. Vincent's Hospital) Millay, Elanor Roosevelt, Barbara Streisand, Tiny Tim, Sam Shepard, Edward Albee, Jimi Hendrix, Lou Reed, Edie Sedgwick, Andy Warhol, and other Village "Bohemians." Locate Keith Haring's Village murals and shop and Haring's Pop Shop, Religious Sex on St. Marks Place, Alphabets, Little Rickie, Grover van Dexter's Second Childhood, and Bleeker Bob's eclectic record emporium. Take a bar run to old McSorley's, the Eerie Pubs, the Lion's Head, and the White Horse, where Dylan Thomas drank all night. Meet celebrities at Angelina Boone's Pennyfeathers on Sheridan Square or have an egg cream at Stingy Lulu's or the Gem Spa. Eat the best croissant this side of Paris at Chez Claude. Sip espresso and cappuccino at the Reggio, Caffe Dante, the Bleeker Street Pastry Shop, or De Robertis Pasticceria. Listen to poetry at the Cornelia Street Cafe of see anew play at Theater for the New City, La Mama, the Nuyorican, of the Ridiculous. Visit the site of the first off-off Broadway theater, the Caffe Cino. Check out the jazz and cabaret scene at Five Oaks, Marie's Crisis, the Vanguard, or the Blue Note. Enjoy the gastronomical-pizza at John's Southern cooking at the Pink Tea Cup, Polish fare at the Kiev or the Veselka, falafel at Mamoun's, pastrami, kielbasa, chopped liver, sauerkraut, yellow mustard, and Cel-Ray tonic at Katz's. Buy some fancy foodstuffs at Dean & Deluca's and Balducci's. Have your coffee ground at the Porto Rico. rTake a unique, self-guided tour down wild Christopher Street to the Stonewall, Boots and Saddles, and the Caffe Passione. Follow in the footsteps of freewheelin' Bob Dylan down the twisting alleys of Minetta on a "Positively Fourth Street" walk. Follow the zigzag/East-West walk and see East Village skinheads and their green-haired girlfriends wearing nose rings walking their pitbulls in Tompkins Square Park. Take all the walks, including the Broadway Shopaholic Walk to buy Avirex leather jackets, complete stereo sets, and futon mattresses, an walks through the historic West Village and SoHo. Added Attractions: Robert Heide's Village play American Hamburger, Tom Lohre's artwork, Phil Cohen's photographs, detailed maps, Greenwich Village history, original poetry, ghost stories, architecture, and much more.
 id : 242455 ISBN : 0816740771  | name : One-minute Challenges  |  description : Tricky math exercises to complete in one minute.
 id : 242456 ISBN : 0696019841  | name : Incredibly Awesome Crafts for Kids  |  description : Instructions showing forty-six craft projects for eight- to twelve-year-olds. Includes an index organized by topic, e.g. "Gifts for your friends" and "Accessories for your room."
 id : 242458 ISBN : 3442354501  | name : Rendezvous mit einem Mörder  |  description : Ein Serienmörder wütet unter den lizensierten Gesellschafterinnen, d.h. Prostituierten, am Broadway. Lieutnant Eve Dallas leitet die Ermittlungen, die politisch höchst brisant sind, da das 1. Opfer die Enkelin eines Senators mit Präsidentschaftsambitionen ist.
 id : 242466 ISBN : 0816742154  | name : Mystery of the Vanishing Creatures  |  description : Someone is stealing the Science Club pets and Caitlin soon discovers something interesing about the thefts and a new club member.
 id : 242467 ISBN : 3442350441  | name : Schattenpfade  |  description : In der Kindheit der erfolgreichen amerikanischen Autorin Garner Quinn gibt es ein schreckliches Erlebnis, das sie nie verarbeitet hat. Auf der Suche nach dem lange verschwundenen Mörder ihrer besten Freundin gerät sie selbst in Lebensgefahr.
 id : 242474 ISBN : 0689868510  | name : The Brewing Storm  |  description : The sisters are not surprised to learn that a streak of freak weather is a harbinger of danger. But to avert disaster, they'll have to go straight to the supernatural source. Original.
 id : 242479 ISBN : 8437605679  | name : La conciencia de Zeno  |  description : " Italo Svevo " (pseudónimo con el que Aron Hector Schmitz quiso recalcar su componente italo-alemana) nació en Trieste, en 1869, y murió en 1928. Estudió en Alemania, y trabajó en la banca, en su ciudad natal. La primera edición de «La conciencia de Zeno» (1923) tuvo que pagarla el mismo Svevo, y de hecho la fama no le alcanzó hasta después de su muerte. Esta novela revela en parte la seducción por las doctrinas de Freud, pero fundamentalmente es una cala irónica y autobiográfica en la condición del hombre. Joyce (a la sazón en Trieste) saludó con alegría su aparición, y contribuyó a su difusión fuera de Italia.
 id : 242481 ISBN : 0821755757  | name : Midsummer Moon  |  description : Spending the summer with an irrepressible cousin, spinster Jane Reynolds believes that the two eligible bachelors who arrive are interested in her cousin, until one of them starts courting her. Original.
 id : 242482 ISBN : 0192839411  | name : Theogony  |  description : This new, fully-annotated translation by a leading expert on Hesiodic poems combines accuracy with readability and includes an introduction and explanatory notes on these two works by one of the oldest known Greek poets. The Theogony contains a systematic genealogy and account of the struggles of the gods, and the Works and Days offers a compendium of moral and practical advice for a life of honest husbandry.
 id : 242483 ISBN : 0688067573  | name : The Girl Next Door--and how She Grew  |  description : A musical-comedy star discusses her career, from her early childhood stardom to her work with such greats as Fred Astaire, and describes the personal heartbreaks she has endured and her new and happy life
 id : 242485 ISBN : 0393041905  | name : Anatomy of an Illness As Perceived By the Patient  |  description : A special hardcover gift edition of the New York Times bestseller: Norman Cousins's phenomenal bestseller on illness overcome and the triumph of the human spirit. The premise of Norman Cousins's enormously influential work is that the human mind is capable of promoting the body's capacity for combating illness and healing itself even when faced with a seemingly hopeless medical predicament. The author recounts his personal experiences while working in close collaboration with his doctor to overcome a crippling and supposedly irreversible disease, and illustrates the life-saving and ultimately life-prolonging benefits to be gained by taking responsibility for one's own well-being. Cousins's story is inspirational reading for anyone contending with a serious illness.
 id : 242487 ISBN : 2207248585  | name : L'offense  |  description : Quand elle a levé les yeux vers lui, j'ai compris tout de suite qu'il était trop tard, qu'il ne pourrait plus détourner son regard ni se réfugier dans son cynisme souriant. Il s'est battu avec un élan dont je ne le croyais plus capable, il a essayé de la retenir jusqu'au bout. Je me souviens encore de sa fureur et de son désarroi quand il se sentit frôlé par l'aile de l'ange. Je me souviens aussi de sa terreur, dans la crypte. Pourtant. Pendant un moment, j'y ai cru. J'ai cru au miracle du verbe, Et je l'ai vue, elle qui était au bord du monde, je l'ai vue lui caresser la poitrine en disant qu'elle était à lui pour toujours. Elle avait, comme cela, des gestes de joie timide. Et l'on chantait le Magnificat. Et l'on avait tort. Car la musique elle-même a été bafouée. J'aurais dû intervenir, moi qui savais qu'il y a des offenses qu'on ne peut pardonner. J'aurais dû empêcher cette horreur. Mais je n'avais plus de force. En fait, tout avait commencé un an plus tôt. Avec l'audace et l'intensité d'une écriture classique, L'Offense dit l'échec de la parole et l'amour interdit des corps.
 id : 242488 ISBN : 1558749616  | name : Taste Berries for Teens 3  |  description : Suggests how to develop coping skills, build problem-solving skills, think positively, maintain healthy habits, and form relationships in order to survive stressful situations.
 id : 242489 ISBN : 2277303089  | name : Mordre au travers  |  description : " Nue devant la glace elle regardait ce gros corps, cette montagne de graisse. Il ne ressemblait à rien. Même pas une femme, rien qu'un gros sac. A mi-voix elle se répétait : " Sale grosse truie, putain de sale grosse truie, grosse vache. " Les yeux pleins de larmes parce qu'il s'agissait bien d'elle "... Evocations tranchantes d'un quotidien noir, de drames intimes ou de rêves inquiétants... Ces nouvelles disent violemment la Femme dans son désir ou son refus du désir, dans ses colères, ses hontes inavouées, ses excès d'amour ou sa folie meurtrière... La Femme blessée, humiliée ou bien vengeresse et autodestructrice. Le Femme humaine... Trop humaine ?
 id : 242490 ISBN : 2080680803  | name : Situations délicates  |  description : Ça aurait duré un milliardième de seconde. Votre ami de vingt ans, avec un sourire presque mystique, vous annonce qu'il vient de rencontrer Dieu. A la sortie du Monoprix, un SDF vous tend son journal. Vous avez les mains prises avec des paquets. Il propose de fouiller vos poches pour trouver la monnaie. Lors d'un repas d'anniversaire, votre nièce veut vous photographier. Vous devez prendre la pose. Elle gâchera la soirée avec son flash. En quarante-quatre tableaux, Serge Joncour traque d'autres instants de gêne ordinaire. Fugitifs, déconcertants, ils jaillissent de la vie quotidienne. Après, rien n'est plus pareil. Le vers du doute est dans le fruit de la tranquillité. Autrement dit : un écrivain cruel vous rappelle à vos souvenirs. Serge Joncour est l'auteur de deux romans : Vu (Le dilettante) et Kenavo (Flammarion).
 id : 242491 ISBN : 0670030678  | name : The Escher Twist  |  description : Mystery, obsession, and surreal art draw Homer Kelly into a world where every line, curve, and angle lead to murder. Line drawings throughout.
 id : 242492 ISBN : 2845880146  | name : Je parler français  |  description : " Quand je suis parti en France l'été suivant, je ne connaissais qu'un mot de français : bouchon. En atterrissant à l'aéroport, j'ai dit bouchon ; dans le train qui m'emportait vers la Normandie je disais bouchon, et mon seul commentaire a été bouchon lorsque je me suis retrouvé en présence de l'amoncellement de pierres que Hugh désignait comme sa maison de campagne. L'été suivant nous sommes revenus en France. J'ai pu ajouter 420 mots à ma collection, la plupart piochés dans Voici ". Roman drôle, burlesque et insolent, Je parler français est l'autobiographie d'un Américain né en Caroline du Nord qui partage sa vie entre la France et New York. Best-seller aux États-Unis. N°1 des ventes au classement du Los Angeles Times, 20 semaines dans la liste des meilleures ventes du New York Times.
 id : 242495 ISBN : 0805238522  | name : Tirant Lo Blanc  |  description : First published in the Catalan language in Valencia in 1490, Tirant lo Blanc ("The White Tyrant") is a sweeping epic of chivalry and high adventure. With great precision and verve, Martorell narrates land and sea battles, duels, hunts, banquets, political
 id : 242497 ISBN : 0345394755  | name : A Son of the Circus  |  description : "A SON OF THE CIRCUS IS COMIC GENIUS....GET READY FOR IRVING'S MOST RAUCOUS NOVEL TO DATE." --The Boston Globe "Dr. Farrokh Daruwalla, reared in Bombay by maverick foes of tradition, educated in Vienna, married to an Austrian and long a resident of Toronto, is a 59-year-old without a country, culture or religion to call his own....The novel may not be 'about' India, but Irving's imagined India, which Daruwalla visits periodically, is a remarkable achievement--a pandemonium of servants and clubmen, dwarf clowns and transvestite whores, missionaries and movie stars. This is a land of energetic colliding egos, of modern media clashing with ancient cultures, of broken sexual boundaries." --New York Newsday "HIS MOST DARING AND MOST VIBRANT NOVEL...The story of circus-as-India is told with gusto and delightful irreverence." --Bharati Mukherjee The Washington Post Book World "Ringmaster Irving introduces act after act, until three (or more) rings are awhirl at a lunatic pace....[He] spills characters from his imagination as agilely as improbable numbers of clowns pile out of a tiny car....His Bombay and his Indian characters are vibrant and convincing." --The Wall Street Journal "IRRESISTIBLE...POWERFUL...Irving's gift for dialogue shines." --Chicago Tribune
 id : 242498 ISBN : 0460882120  | name : Poems - Goethe  |  description : A collection of the poetry of Johann Wolfgang Goethe, the pre-eminent figure of German literature, as well as Germany's greatest lyric poet.
 id : 242501 ISBN : 0887766137  | name : Finding Sophie  |  description : At the end of World War II in 1945, fourteen-year-old Sophie, a German Jew who has lived with a guardian in London for seven years, wonders what will happen when she is reunited with her parents and she tells them that she wants to stay in England.
 id : 242503 ISBN : 0744582326  | name : In Every Tiny Grain of Sand  |  description : Around the world and throughout time, people have spoken treasured words to make them feel better when they are sad, brave when they are afraid, befriended when they are alone - or simply to express their joy at being alive on this earth. Here are seventy-seven poems and prayers from many cultures, faiths and traditions. The book is arranged in four sections, each illustrated by a major contemporary artist from a different country.
 id : 242504 ISBN : 2070414485  | name : J'aurais voulu être un type bien  |  description : " Dur sur l'homme, sobre au sol, royal dans les airs ", tel était Robert Jonquet, demi-centre de la grande équipe de Reims. Telle est aussi l'écriture de Marc Villard, poète, nouvelliste et romancier qui aborde ici un genre rare et périlleux : la nouvelle à caractère autobiographique, à travers une succession de clichés pris sur le vif - le vif du sujet bien entendu. Il en naît un personnage, l'auteur, un peu à la manière dont Woody Allen se met en scène. Car ces nouvelles sont souvent drôles, voire burlesques - l'homme n'est pas de ceux qui ménagent leur personnage -, parfois discrètement pathétiques. Avec cette vivacité, cette acidité qui caractérisent celui dont on a dit qu'il manie la plus belle plume du roman noir français.
 id : 242511 ISBN : 0486423832  | name : French Baroque and Rococo Fashions  |  description : French fashions from 1640–1775, depicted in 45 full-page black-and-white illustrations. Portraits of farmers, street vendors, and aristocrats, all with informative captions.
 id : 242512 ISBN : 0155055259  | name : The Book of Living Verse  |  description : Emphasizes 57 poets and their poetry that has persisted in spite of changing times and shifting tastes.
 id : 242513 ISBN : 0300042078  | name : Art and Beauty in the Middle Ages  |  description : In this authoritative and lively book, Unberto Eco, the celebrated Italian novelist and philosopher, examines the development of some of the principal aesthetic theories and problems of medieval Latin civilization.
 id : 242516 ISBN : 9507240349  | name : En Busca de La Ciudad Sumergida  |  description : The discovery of a wrecked galleon and the contents of an old sea chest plunge Flic, Toby and Uncle Ollie into a perilous adventure above and below the waves.
 id : 242519 ISBN : 0670888729  | name : The Turkey Prince  |  description : A young prince who is afraid of becoming king decides that he is a turkey.
 id : 242520 ISBN : 0374155240  | name : Fishing with John  |  description : The author offers a moving account of her life with her husband, aboard the "MoreKelp," the salmon-fishing boat they sailed for four years until his death
 id : 242521 ISBN : 2800132922  | name : Tu ne s'ras jamais grand  |  description : Pour le petit Spirou, chaque jour est un pas de plus dans l'apprentissage de la vie : nouvelles découvertes et expériences impertinentes, poétiques, surprenantes et hilarantes... il n'est pas prêt d'arrêter ses bêtises !
 id : 242522 ISBN : 0061000256  | name : America's Most Wanted  |  description : Here is a thrilling look at the award-winning television program that is changing the face of broadcasting and criminal investigation, Fox Broadcasting Company's "America's Most Wanted". From the legwork to the studio, this is how television catches crooks.
 id : 242523 ISBN : 0764508954  | name : Macromedia Flash MX For Dummies?  |  description : Covers the essentials that new Flash users need to create basic Flash animations, including creating Flash-ready graphics, animating the graphics, and adding sound and interactive elements. Series features: Includes the simple instructions targeting beginning audiences that have pushed the For Dummies series to over 100 million books in print. ABOUT THE CD-ROM CD includes a trial version of Flash as well as other Macromedia tools including Dreamweaver and Fireworks.
 id : 242524 ISBN : 0553263684  | name : The Wilderness War  |  description : A narrative account of the defeat and dispossession, by 1780, of the Iroquois tribes of New York State and upper Pennsylvania despite the valor of the great chief, Joseph Brant.
 id : 242525 ISBN : 2708229532  | name : Les étudiants  |  description : Cette édition numérique a été réalisée à partir d'un support physique, parfois ancien, conservé au sein du dépôt légal de la Bibliothèque nationale de France, conformément à la loi n° 2012-287 du 1er mars 2012 relative à l'exploitation des Livres indisponibles du XXe siècle. Pages de début Introduction Chapitre I - L'expansion Chapitre II - Les entrants et les sortants Chapitre III - Les populations étudiantes Chapitre IV - Une jeunesse privilégiée ? Chapitre V - La gestion des dépendances Chapitre VI - La vie étudiante Chapitre VII - Cultures et idéologiesConclusion Bibliographie Pages de fin.
 id : 242526 ISBN : 1580628095  | name : Everything Homebuying 2nd Ed  |  description : The Everything. Homebuying Book, 2nd Edition is specially designed for anyone who is overwhelmed by the daunting process of buying a home. It takes you step by step through the process and provides practical advice for getting the most for your money and making the right decisions for you and your family.
 id : 242527 ISBN : 0553052055  | name : Favorite Son  |  description : Aging FBI agent Mancusco and his ambitious young partner Ross pursue the assassin who killed Colonel Octavio Martinez and critically wounded Texas senator Terry Fallon, while Fallon's political career booms as a result of media attention
 id : 242529 ISBN : 0811808742  | name : Presidio Gateways  |  description : Enter the Presidio of San Francisco through the gates herein; follow the photographers as they explore and freeze moments in the Presidio's present; read about its past and future. (from dust jacket front flap).
 id : 242531 ISBN : 0683302647  | name : Grant's Atlas of Anatomy  |  description : This text has been used for over 50 years by students doing lab work. This new edition includes increased sizing of many figures, more information on neuroanatomy, and new features such as tables on muscles and an MRI section at the end of each chapter.
 id : 242533 ISBN : 0140772847  | name : Animal Farm  |  description : In the PENGUIN STUDY NOTES series and originally published as ORWELL'S ANIMAL FARM, a study guide to the novel, aimed at those preparing for the GCSE examination. It includes character studies, summaries of the plot with examinations of the background and major themes, as well as suggesting topics for discussion.
 id : 242535 ISBN : 0962623741  | name : 1912 Facts about Titanic  |  description : Fascinating, lesser-known facts about the Titanic and details on the ship, the passengers, and the sinking. The book also explores aspects of the wreck today and salvage operations. Although the main events of the Titanic disaster are well known, significant facts and tidbits remain obscure. Who were the thousands of men who built the giant ship? How were the bodies of the victims collected and buried? What were the conclusions of the investigative hearings into her sinking? Answers to these and hundreds of other questions are presented in this useful, easy-to-read volume. Lee W. Merideth is the author of several Civil War reference books and a longtime Titanic buff. He lives in northern California.
 id : 242536 ISBN : 0618070346  | name : Shake Dem Halloween Bones  |  description : A rhythmic tale about different updated fairy tale characters who attend a hip-hop Halloween ball.
 id : 242540 ISBN : 0806623152  | name : Luther the Reformer  |  description : The story of the man and his career.
 id : 242544 ISBN : 0070565112  | name : You Are Somebody Special  |  description : Each chapter by a different author discusses topics of interest to teenagers, including parents, home life, college, jobs, and financial matters.
 id : 242545 ISBN : 0521400643  | name : Dante: De Vulgari Eloquentia  |  description : De vulgari eloquentia, written by Dante in the early years of the fourteenth century, is the only known work of medieval literary theory to have been produced by a practising poet, and the first to assert the intrinsic superiority of living, vernacular languages over Latin. Its opening consideration of language as a sign-system includes foreshadowings of twentieth-century semiotics, and later sections contain the first serious effort at literary criticism based on close analytical reading since the classical era. Steven Botterill here offers an accurate Latin text and a readable English translation of the treatise, together with notes and introductory material, thus making available a work which is relevant not only to Dante's poetry and the history of Italian literature, but to our whole understanding of late medieval poetics, linguistics, and literary practice.
 id : 242546 ISBN : 0517161869  | name : The Big Book of Cats: Fun Facts, Fascinating Anecdotes ...  |  description : Large Print.
 id : 242547 ISBN : 0061040576  | name : Tom Landry  |  description : The former coach of the Dallas Cowboys offers a personal look at his philosophy and faith, his management strategies, and his leadership standards, as well as a glimpse of the sports personalities he knows
 id : 242548 ISBN : 3822858765  | name : Auguste Renoir  |  description : Renoir's timelessly charming paintings are the embodiment of happiness, love, & beauty; it is no doubt because of this that he is the most popular of the impressionists. TASCHEN's Renoir, the most complete retrospective book of this painter's work, examines in detail the history & motivation behind the legend. Renoir was incredibly prolific, painting over 5000 works during his lifetime, though many of these were studies. For this monograph, we have chosen 600 of his masterpleces that best demonstrate his immense talent & historical importance. Gilles Neret's detailed, insightful text traces the evolution of Renoir (1841-1919) from young porcelain decorator to one of the most famous painters of his generation, including his abandonment of landscapes in favor of portraiture & his final attraction, after years of success, to painting what he loved most, the Washers descending from the Olympia & his model & servant, Gabrielle, painted as a goddess. With a complete chronology, bibliography, & index of works, as well as photos & sketches illustrating Renoir's life & work, TASCHEN's Renoir is the essential reference book for this painter of happiness & poet of love. Oh, & did we mention the gorgeous, large-format color reproductions?
 id : 242549 ISBN : 0674008758  | name : PUBLIC VOWS  |  description : We commonly think of marriage as a private matter between two people, a personal expression of love and commitment. In this pioneering history, Nancy F. Cott demonstrates that marriage is and always has been a public institution. From the founding of the United States to the present day, imperatives about the necessity of marriage and its proper form have been deeply embedded in national policy, law, and political rhetoric. Legislators and judges have envisioned and enforced their preferred model of consensual, lifelong monogamy--a model derived from Christian tenets and the English common law that posits the husband as provider and the wife as dependent.In early confrontations with Native Americans, emancipated slaves, Mormon polygamists, and immigrant spouses, through the invention of the New Deal, federal income tax, and welfare programs, the federal government consistently influenced the shape of marriages. And even the immense social and legal changes of the last third of the twentieth century have not unraveled official reliance on marriage as a "pillar of the state." By excluding some kinds of marriages and encouraging others, marital policies have helped to sculpt the nation's citizenry, as well as its moral and social standards, and have directly affected national understandings of gender roles and racial difference. Public Vows is a panoramic view of marriage's political history, revealing the national government's profound role in our most private of choices. No one who reads this book will think of marriage in the same way again.
 id : 242550 ISBN : 0520235428  | name : Women Without Class  |  description : Publisher Description
 id : 242551 ISBN : 055328049X  | name : Jane of Lantern Hill  |  description : Escaping temporarily the oppressive life with her grandmother, Jane spends a summer with her long-lost father on Lantern Hill and dreams of reuniting her family.
 id : 242552 ISBN : 0671676644  | name : A Question of Guilt  |  description : Crown Prosecutor Helen West unravels the threads of a complex murder case in which a killer is caught and confesses, but the woman responsible for the crime--committed to free her lover of his wife--will stop at nothing to elude detection
 id : 242556 ISBN : 0486296121  | name : Medieval Designs Iron-on Transfer Patterns  |  description : Over 125 decorative designs for artists and craftspeople, adapted from authentic originals: bizarre creatures, imaginative florals, whimsical animals and more. Instructions.
 id : 242557 ISBN : 0486401448  | name : Medieval Fashions Coloring Book  |  description : Illustrations portray people from every class of society, from farmers to courtiers.
 id : 242558 ISBN : 0486282716  | name : Nine Centuries of Spanish Literature (Dual-Language)  |  description : Anthology of Spanish classical literature with English translations.
 id : 242559 ISBN : 0130975850  | name : Writing about Literature  |  description : "Writing about Literature "serves as a hands-on guide for writing about literature, thus justifying the integration of literature and composition. The reading of literature encourages students to think, and the use of literary topics gives instructors a viable way to combine writing and literary study.
 id : 242560 ISBN : 0806999950  | name : Making Romantic Fabric-covered Boxes  |  description : Simple. Elegant. Romantic. These fabric-covered boxes decorate a house wonderfully, make great gifts...and provide the perfect hiding place for precious love letters, trinkets, and keepsakes! They're simple to do, and oh-so- pretty. Create any of the nearly 20 splendid boxes and variations. A "flower fairy" shines with a thin layer of iridescent gold paint, and a square poppies-and-roses box looks beautifully romantic and traditional; wire-edged ribbon, velvet leaves, and beads top it off; and an inside tray can hold jewelry and other small items. Each of three cube boxes features a different picture, or try a pansy box, with white eyelet lace, sheer lavender ribbon, and brass hearts. Wear your heart on a box edged with textured ribbon and rosettes. Assemble a box "For the One I Love" -- it has ivory trim, antique gold metallic cord and braid, gold and rose silk floss, and mother-of-pearl buttons. You'll cherish every project, with its exquisite trimming and design.
 id : 242562 ISBN : 0812093305  | name : Keys to Successful Stepmothering  |  description : Here are practical suggestions for achieving harmony in your stepfamily. The "myths" about stepmothering are discussed as are ways to merge two families and avoid misunderstandings between you and your stepchildren, and you and your fiance/husband. Encouraging and timely, this resource helps you develop a healthy stepfamily--one filled with rewards.
 id : 242563 ISBN : 0735814902  | name : Nadie me quiere!  |  description : When Buddy the dog tries to make friends with the other animals he meets, it seems that none of them likes him until he manages to clear up their confusion about him.
 id : 242564 ISBN : 0375815015  | name : A Volar con Dragones  |  description : After moving to a new house, Max and Emmy discover a secret drawer containinga dragon scale that magically transports them to Dragon Land.
 id : 242565 ISBN : 0590117408  | name : Clifford y el Dia de Pascua  |  description : After a day of decorating eggs, Emily Elizabeth dreams about the many ways that she could decorate Clifford! On Easter, Clifford is a BIG help finding the hidden eggs.
 id : 242566 ISBN : 0816730431  | name : Descubriendo las Estrellas  |  description : Introduces the characteristics of stars and the constellations to which they belong.
 id : 242568 ISBN : 3100704029  | name : Saturns Schatten  |  description : Inhaltsübersicht: Vorbemerkung, 1. Depression, 2. Zusammenbrüche, 3. Therapien, 4. Alternativen, 5. Populationen, 6. Sucht, 7. Selbstmord, 8. Historisches, 9. Armut, 10. Politik, 11. Evolution, 12. Hoffnung, Anmerkungen, Medikamentenliste, Bibliographie, Danksagung, Register.
 id : 242569 ISBN : 0689863063  | name : La mochila de Dora (Dora's Backpack)  |  description : En este libro ilustrado para niños, Dora la exploradora lleva en su mochila cosas útiles que necesita para llegar a tiempo a la biblioteca con su amigo Boots el mono.
 id : 242570 ISBN : 1558585605  | name : Una torta de cumpleaños para Osito  |  description : Little Pig bakes a cake for Little Bear's birthday, but finds it difficult not to try tasting it before Little Bear arrives.
 id : 242572 ISBN : 0440940664  | name : I Am Rosemarie  |  description : A Jewish girl from the Netherlands manages to live through the horrors that befall her family following the Nazi occupation in 1940.
 id : 242573 ISBN : 043940987X  | name : Cuando Sofia Se Enoja, Se Enoja de Veras  |  description : En este libro ilustrado para niños, la niña Sofía se enoja demasiado. Sale corriendo y se trepa a su árbol favorito hasta que se calma.
 id : 242574 ISBN : 0486209806  | name : A Christmas Carol: the Original Manuscript  |  description : An abridgment of the classic story with all the characters depicted as animals.
 id : 242577 ISBN : 0877888191  | name : A Treasury of Christmas Classics  |  description : Here is a collection of poems, hymns, stories, and prayers that have stood the test of time and will bring the Christmas spirit into your home during that most holy of seasons.
 id : 242579 ISBN : 0823217558  | name : Deconstruction in a Nutshell  |  description : Publisher Provided Annotation "Caputo succeed in providing scholars with one of the most comprehensive & valuable interpretation of deconstruction."--Library Journal "In a nutshell, this is a wonderfully helpful & stimulating book...It is a congent, witty & always accessible discussion of Derrida's work of the past ten of twenty years...This is one of the best guides available of his recent work...Highly recommended."--Choice.
 id : 242581 ISBN : 1566869110  | name : Mob Rule  |  description : Start out as a street-level thug and progress through the ranks to become Godfather. Go through each mission, get tips on building an "empire" and get a detailed listing of weapons, characters and more to master the Mob.
 id : 242583 ISBN : 070222734X  | name : Looking Out for Ollie  |  description : No Marketing Blurb
 id : 242585 ISBN : 0684842815  | name : The Best American Poetry  |  description : POETRY TEXTS & ANTHOLOGIES. Chosen from the dozens of print and electronic journals that publish poems, Best American Poetry 2010 includes work from some of America's leading poets. But Best American Poetry 2010 also presents poems that are specific to this year, this time and place - the sonnets John Updike wrote to chronicle his dying weeks, for example. And there are brilliant poems from a constellation of rising stars, the poets of the new generation: Bob Hicok, Terrance Hayes, Rae Armantrout, Carl Phillips, Dean Young, Alice Notley. The editors take a special pride in the poems they discover from poets who are little-known either because they are young or have been overlooked, and it is exciting to anticipate the response to Kate Angus, Peter Davis, Kelle Groom, Amy Greacen, Tim Seibles, and Sarah Murphy, to name just six; none has previously appeared in a volume of The Best American Poetry, and each has written something that knocked the socks off two pairs of jaded editorial eyes.
 id : 242591 ISBN : 0938753614  | name : Family Matters  |  description : The Winslow family reminiscing about Steve Urkel's adventures in hot-air ballooning and boxing.
 id : 242595 ISBN : 0674179498  | name : Cultivating Humanity  |  description : How can higher education today create a community of critical thinkers and searchers for truth that transcends the boundaries of class, gender, and nation? Philosopher and classicist Martha C. Nussbaum takes up the challenge of conservative critics of academe to argue persuasively that sustained reform in the aim and content of liberal education is the most vital and invigorating force in higher education. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 242596 ISBN : 0373225660  | name : Intimate Secrets  |  description : Intimate Secrets by B.J. Daniels released on Apr 24, 2000 is available now for purchase.
 id : 242597 ISBN : 0373224494  | name : Forget Me Not  |  description : Forget Me Not by Cassie Miles released on Nov 24, 1997 is available now for purchase.
 id : 242598 ISBN : 0881846996  | name : Dark Crimes  |  description : Offers works by a variety of the best suspense authors and encompasses the breadth of modern suspense fiction, especially its darker and more ominous side, in works by Marcia Muller, Max Allen Collins, Robert Bloch, and others
 id : 242599 ISBN : 0373076193  | name : Into Thin Air  |  description : Into Thin Air by Karen Leabo released on Dec 23, 1994 is available now for purchase.
 id : 242600 ISBN : 0394834623  | name : I Am the Cheese  |  description : A young boy desperately tries to unlock his past yet knows he must hide those memories if he is to remain alive.
 id : 242601 ISBN : 0385006322  | name : Thy Neighbor's Wife  |  description : A factual narrative of the sexual experiences of dozens of well-known and ordinary men and women provides surprising commentary on America's changing sexual mores.
 id : 242604 ISBN : 0060933283  | name : Side Of Paradise, This  |  description : It's time to rediscover the wonderful books we all cherish. Published in 1920, F. Scott Fitzgerald's first novel, This Side of Paradise, became the novel that defined an era and launched his literary career. This is the story of Amory Blaine, "romantic egotist," and his journey from prep school to Princeton to the First World War. This dazzling chronicle of youth and the Jazz Age remains bitingly relevant decades later.
 id : 242605 ISBN : 037324231X  | name : Dream Bride  |  description : Dream Bride by Susan Mallery released on Jan 25, 1999 is available now for purchase.
 id : 242606 ISBN : 0312209045  | name : Get Anyone to Do Anything  |  description : Explains how to read people, avoid being manipulated, and get the upper hand in almost any situation.
 id : 242607 ISBN : 0198319754  | name : A Midsummer Night's Dream  |  description : The Oxford School Shakespeare is a well-established series which helps the reader to understand and enjoy Shakespeare's plays. Each play in the series contains the complete text with an extensive range of notes, background information on Shakespeare's England, suggestions for further reading, a brief biograohy of Shakespeare, and a complete list of his plays.
 id : 242608 ISBN : 0671026100  | name : Imzadi  |  description : For Commander Riker, Deanna Troy's death is the beginning of an adventure across time and space.
 id : 242609 ISBN : 1589395794  | name : Unpredictable Results  |  description : The founders of Hildred's Planet thought they had designed a foolproof socioeconomic system under which virtually no one could fail. Dunstan Malvern proved them wrong, as he was informed by Uncle Grump at a not very congenial family dinner. In a society where no one is supposed to fail, failures are not well received. However, Uncle Grump had arranged a job for Dunstan, his last chance to save himself. But what should have been Dunstan's salvation begins a cascading series of disasters that leave Dunstan homeless, broke and on the run. Some years prior to these events on the planet Arasmin, the firm of Jephsen, Hembrecht, Emmersohn and Associates, manufacturers of androids, had created the near perfect android servant in their Electronic Butler System, the Jheebs Model 4331 Version 8, or Jheebs for short. Perfect, that is, but for some minor glitches in it programming. Fate and a midnight ocean swim bring Dunstan and Jheebs together. With Jheebs' aid, Dunstan redeems himself and in the process discovers there is much going on around him that is not as it appears.
 id : 242610 ISBN : 0785809880  | name : The Pre-Raphaelites  |  description : This series is a collection of superbly-illustrated books, each one devoted to a particular decorative movement or area of fine art and collectibles. From the streamlining of currently-fashionable Art Deco to the realism of the Pre-Raphaelites, these books provide an overview of some of the most important artistic movements from the mid-19th century to the mid-20th century.
 id : 242613 ISBN : 1893554570  | name : Greek Ways  |  description : Writing with wit and erudition, Thornton discusses in fascinating detail those areas of Greek life--sexuality and sexual roles; slavery and war; philosophy and politics--that some modern critics have made into Rcontested sites.S He also reclaims the importance of those core ideas the Greeks invented, ideas about human fate and purpose that have shaped the modern world.
 id : 242614 ISBN : 0373078048  | name : A Marriage to Fight for  |  description : A Marriage To Fight For by Raina Lynn released on Jun 24, 1997 is available now for purchase.
 id : 242615 ISBN : 0140309268  | name : Secret of the Andes  |  description : An Indian boy who tends llamas in Peru learns the traditions and secrets of his Inca ancestors.
 id : 242616 ISBN : 1563974525  | name : Five Little Pumpkins  |  description : The traditional nursery rhyme illustrated with watercolors.
 id : 242617 ISBN : 0373761783  | name : Her Holiday Secret  |  description : Her Holiday Secret by Jennifer Greene released on Sep 24, 1998 is available now for purchase.
 id : 242619 ISBN : 0064438635  | name : A Kitten's Year  |  description : A kitten peeks at January, toys with February, stalks March, and eventually sniffs November and dreams December as it grows into a cat through the course of a year.
 id : 242620 ISBN : 0448413043  | name : Lots of Hearts  |  description : It's Valentines Day, and a little girl is making Valentines for her mom and dad. When the cards disappear, she tracks down the culprit—and gets a Valentine surprise herself!
 id : 242621 ISBN : 0373761848  | name : The Sheriff and the Imposter Bride  |  description : The Sheriff And The Impostor Bride by Elizabeth Bevarly released on Oct 23, 1998 is available now for purchase.
 id : 242623 ISBN : 0060511060  | name : Amelia Bedelia Goes Camping  |  description : Camp Out Amelia Bedelia has never been camping in the great outdoors before. She's trying her best to do exactly as she's told, but pitching a tent is not the same as throwing it into the bushes, and catching a fish with your bare hands isn't easy. As usual, the mixed-up housekeeper makes this camping trip one hugely entertaining adventure.
 id : 242624 ISBN : 0373761864  | name : His Ultimate Temptation  |  description : His Ultimate Temptation by Susan Crosby released on Oct 23, 1998 is available now for purchase.
 id : 242625 ISBN : 0027353907  | name : Ask Mr. Bear  |  description : A sweet picture book where Danny teams up with the animals to find his mother the perfect gift. Trying to find the perfect birthday present for his mother isn’t easy for Danny. The hen offers eggs, the goose feathers, and the sheep wool. But mother already has those things. Then the cow suggests that Danny go ask Mr. Bear. It’s from him that Danny gets a special and unique gift for his mother.
 id : 242627 ISBN : 0394800192  | name : Ten Apples Up On Top!  |  description : Count your way through this silly stacking adventure with Dr. Seuss! Don't let the apples drop! Three animal friends practice balancing apples on their heads in this hilarious introduction to counting, illustrated by Roy Mckie. The sturdy board book teaches all about numbers, with a dose of signature Seuss charm. Kids will learn to count to ten--and want to start all over again! Originally created by Dr. Seuss himself, Beginner Books are fun, funny, and easy to read. These unjacketed hardcover early readers encourage children to read all on their own, using simple words and illustrations. Smaller than the classic large format Seuss picture books like The Lorax and Oh, The Places You’ll Go!, these portable packages are perfect for practicing readers ages 3-7, and lucky parents too!
 id : 242628 ISBN : 0373241968  | name : A Hero for Sophie Jones  |  description : A Hero For Sophie Jones by Christine Rimmer released on Jul 24, 1998 is available now for purchase.
 id : 242631 ISBN : 0373763093  | name : The Return of Adams Cade  |  description : The Return Of Adams Cade by BJ James released on Jul 25, 2000 is available now for purchase.
 id : 242633 ISBN : 0373242336  | name : Husband in Training  |  description : Husband In Training by Christine Rimmer released on Jan 25, 1999 is available now for purchase.
 id : 242634 ISBN : 0307203204  | name : I Can Fly  |  description : A little girl at play can fly like a bird, moo like a cow, and squirm like a worm.
 id : 242635 ISBN : 0373763050  | name : Wife for Hire  |  description : Wife For Hire by Amy J. Fetzer released on Jun 23, 2000 is available now for purchase.
 id : 242636 ISBN : 0448405113  | name : Nina, Nina Ballerina  |  description : It's the big dance show! Nina is a butterfly. She has pretty wings and a bug mask. But she is not the only one! There are lots of butterflies. How will her mom know which one is Nina? Read this funny story and find out!
 id : 242639 ISBN : 0064452107  | name : Dolphin Talk  |  description : center Dolphins are smart. They are so smart that they can talk to each other. Dolphins communicate underwater for the same reason people talk on land: to let others know who they are, where they are, and maybe even how to feel. Also included are activities that explore how dolphins talk to each other.
 id : 242641 ISBN : 0064452069  | name : Penguin Chick  |  description : An emperor penguin lays an egg on the Antarctic ice. In the bitter cold, miles away from the only source of food, how can the chick survive?
 id : 242642 ISBN : 0064451623  | name : Dinosaur Babies  |  description : Describes the parenting habits of the Maiasaura, a dinosaur whose way of raising children bore similarities to that of birds.
 id : 242643 ISBN : 0064451992  | name : Wiggling Worms at Work  |  description : Crawling through the dirt, worms are hard at work, helping plants to grow. Worms help the fruit and vegetables we eat by loosening the soil and feeding the plants. Read and find out about these wiggling wonders!
 id : 242644 ISBN : 037382520X  | name : The Thunder Rolls  |  description : The Thunder Rolls by Bethany Campbell released on Aug 25, 1993 is available now for purchase.
 id : 242647 ISBN : 096206856X  | name : Hiking Kentucky  |  description : Designed primarily for families, visitors, naturalists and weekend explorers, [this book] places emphasis on the natural history of the Bluegrass State. --back cover.
 id : 242648 ISBN : 0064452182  | name : Did Dinosaurs Have Feathers?  |  description : Did Dinosaurs Have Feathers? Birds have feathers, but did you know some dinosaurs did too? New fossils have shown that as long as 145 million years ago, some dinosaurs had feathers, just as birds do. The birds you see outside your window are relatives of these ancient creatures. Ages 5-9
 id : 242650 ISBN : 0962623180  | name : Active Woman Vacation Guide  |  description : Complete details of what's available, plus first-hand accounts by adventurous women and Victorian lady travelers.
 id : 242651 ISBN : 0761112146  | name : Jokelopedia  |  description : A collection of jokes that is the biggest, dopiest, silliest, dumbest one on the planet.
 id : 242652 ISBN : 034015683X  | name : The Mistletoe and Sword  |  description : First published in 1956 by Brockhampton Press. Annotated.
 id : 242653 ISBN : 0764150316  | name : Picasso and the Girl with a Ponytail  |  description : Sylvette gradually begins to gain self-confidence during the summer she models for the renowned artist Pablo Picasso in the French village of Vallauris.
 id : 242655 ISBN : 0415927196  | name : Runaway World  |  description : An intellectual pioneer of Third Way politics shows how the globalization of science, technology, and the economy impacts every human on Earth--an enlightening and thought-provoking read.
 id : 242656 ISBN : 0670820121  | name : Leaving Home  |  description : Revisit the beguiling comic world of Lake Wobegon. In the first collection of Lake Wobegon monologues, Keillor tells readers ore about some of the people from Lake Wobegon Days and introduces some new faces. "Leaving Home is a book of exceptional charm . . . delightful . . . genuinely touching".--The Wall Street Journal. Available in early December. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 242657 ISBN : 0471827223  | name : Quick Calculus  |  description : Quick Calculus 2nd Edition A Self-Teaching Guide Calculus is essential for understanding subjects ranging from physics and chemistry to economics and ecology. Nevertheless, countless students and others who need quantitative skills limit their futures by avoiding this subject like the plague. Maybe that's why the first edition of this self-teaching guide sold over 250,000 copies. Quick Calculus, Second Edition continues to teach the elementary techniques of differential and integral calculus quickly and painlessly. Your "calculus anxiety" will rapidly disappear as you work at your own pace on a series of carefully selected work problems. Each correct answer to a work problem leads to new material, while an incorrect response is followed by additional explanations and reviews. This updated edition incorporates the use of calculators and features more applications and examples. ".makes it possible for a person to delve into the mystery of calculus without being mystified." --Physics Teacher
 id : 242658 ISBN : 0263823520  | name : The Regency Collection  |  description : Kidnapped in the small hours, Miss Helen Walford had spent the day being battered and jostled, tied and gagged, trussed and trapped in a worn-out chaise. She was rescued by the infamous Martin Willisden - a rakehell who had been banished to the army, now scandalously raised to the rank of Earl of Merton.
 id : 242659 ISBN : 0812048385  | name : Barron's how to Prepare for Advanced Placement Examinations, Mathematics  |  description : A thorough review of Calculus AB and Calculus BC is supplemented with eight practice tests. Also included is preparation for the calculation problems that will become part of this exam beginning in 1993. All questions are answered and fully explained.
 id : 242660 ISBN : 1561480010  | name : Puzzles of Amish Life  |  description : Revised edition! People's Place Book #10. A sociologist provides a way to understand the Amish people's intentional way of living in a world far different from their own. Fun to read. How do the Amish thrive in the midst of modern life? Why do the Amish separate themselves from the modern world? Why do a religious people spurn religious symbols and church buildings? Why is humility a cherished value? Why do a gentle people shun disobedient members? How do the Amish regulate social change? Why is ownership of cars objectionable, but not their use? Why are some modes of transportation acceptable and other forbidden? Why are tractors permitted around barns but not in fields? Why are horses used to pull modern farm machinery? Why are telephones banned from Amish homes? Why are some forms of electricity acceptable while others are rejected? How is modern machinery operated without electricity? Why are some occupations acceptable and others taboo? Why do the Amish use the services of professionals -- lawyers, doctors, and dentists -- but oppose higher education? Why do Amish youth rebel in their teenage years? Are the Amish freeloading on American life? Are the Amish behind or ahead of the modern world?
 id : 242662 ISBN : 0812043642  | name : Aprenda Ingles Facil Y Rapido  |  description : A concise and easily understood method for Spanish speakers to learn the basics of the English language.
 id : 242663 ISBN : 0156016621  | name : College Physics  |  description : Covers vectors, kinematics, dynamics, circular motion, equilibrium, energy, momentum, gravitation, elasticity, vibration, fluids, sound, heat, electricity, electromagnetism, optics, relativity, and nuclear physics, and includes practice exercises
 id : 242664 ISBN : 0307162354  | name : Disney's Sleeping Beauty  |  description : Doomed to sleep for 100 years by a wicked fairy, a beautiful princess finally awakens with the kiss of a prince.
 id : 242665 ISBN : 0070617570  | name : Elements of Zoology  |  description : An account of the general principles of animal biology and the major types and groups of animals
 id : 242666 ISBN : 0671872869  | name : Free Stuff for Kids  |  description : /FREE STUF/ The 1994 edition of the world's #1-selling children's activity book, with more than 3.25 million copies in print, features exciting new educational and just-for-fun item
 id : 242667 ISBN : 0688174140  | name : The Little Big Book of Christmas  |  description : A collection of Christmas stories, recipes, songs, and more includes selections from the poetry of William Shakespeare and John Milton and such carols as "The First Noel" and "Joy to the World."
 id : 242669 ISBN : 0439203791  | name : Franklin Helps Out  |  description : In this Franklin TV Storybook, Franklin learns that everyone is capable in his own way.
 id : 242672 ISBN : 0373079486  | name : Most Wanted  |  description : Most Wanted by Maggie Price released on Jun 24, 1999 is available now for purchase.
 id : 242673 ISBN : 0735813701  | name : Dazzle and the Dinosaur  |  description : Dazzle the dinosaur helps his friend Maia and her mother reclaim their former home from the nasty Dragonsaurus.
 id : 242674 ISBN : 0716723441  | name : The Speech Chain  |  description : Explains the basic mechanisms involved in spoken communication, merging the field of speech pathology, communications, psychology, engineering, and computer science.
 id : 242675 ISBN : 0064442209  | name : Buffalo Bill and the Pony Express  |  description : A story about Buffalo Bill and his exploits as a pony express rider.
 id : 242676 ISBN : 0811213099  | name : A Child's Christmas in Wales  |  description : Fifty years after its first publication in book form, Dylan Thomass timeless prose poem is echoed by the rolling, evocative woodcut images of artist Raskin--a beautiful gift for book lovers.
 id : 242678 ISBN : 0802851258  | name : Does God Know How to Tie Shoes?  |  description : Katrina wants to know more about God: Mama, what does God wear? Does God like to paint? Does God ever cry, Papa? Her parents responses, based on the Psalms, help Katrina to know God in ways that are very real to her. Poetic text and bright impressionistic illustrations combine beautifully to make this a gentle and affirming picture book that will encourage a child s exploration of God. Ideal for reading aloud.
 id : 242679 ISBN : 0373076983  | name : Lover Under Cover  |  description : Lover Under Cover by Justine Davis released on Jan 25, 1996 is available now for purchase.
 id : 242680 ISBN : 0060653752  | name : The Lost Gospel  |  description : The first book to give the full account of the lost gospel of Jesus' original followers, revealing him to be a Jewish Socrates who was mythologized into the New Testament Christ.
 id : 242681 ISBN : 0892540125  | name : The Myth of Invariance  |  description : Myth of Invariance explores the unifying symbolism of music and number so the reader can understand the secrets from Babylon, Egypt, Greece and the Bible - secrets hidden for centuries.
 id : 242682 ISBN : 0263829812  | name : Stand-In Mistress  |  description : She hadn't really planned on becoming his mistress Brad Lancing may be a successful businessman, but he has a bad reputation where women are concerned. Joanne Winslow is determined that her sister isn't going to become just another statistic on Brad's list of conquests--even if it means she'll have to become his mistress herself Fortunately Brad is happy for Joanne to be his pretend mistress--for now But Brad seems to be playing hard to get, and Joanne's starting to realize it's time to take matters into her own hands. And then the burning seduction she's imagined happens for real...
 id : 242684 ISBN : 014008472X  | name : Sharpe's Revenge  |  description : It is 1814 and the defeat of Napoleon seems imminent. But before Richard Sharpe can lay down his sword, he must fight a different sort of war. Accused of stealing Napoleon's personal treasures, Sharpe embarks on the battle of his life, armed with only an unflinching resolve to protect his honor and to inflict devastating revenge. Bernard Cornwell's tenth Sharpe novel.
 id : 242685 ISBN : 3895084573  | name : The Scarlet Letter  |  description : "'Thou and thine, Hester Prynne, belong to me.' With these chilling words a husband claims his wife after a two-year absence. But the child she clutches is not his, and Hester must wear a scarlet 'A' upon her breast, the sin of adultery visible to all. Under an assumed name her husband begins his search for her lover, determined to expose what Hester is equally determined to protect. Defiant and proud, Hester witnesses the degradation of two very different men, as moral codes and legal imperatives painfully collide." "Set in the Puritan community of seventeenth-century Boston, The Scarlet Letter also sheds light on the nineteenth century in which it was written, as Hawthorne explores his ambivalent relations with his Puritan forebears. The text of this edition is taken from the Centenary Edition of Hawthorne's works, the most authoritative critical edition."--BOOK JACKET.
 id : 242686 ISBN : 0785343113  | name : Friendship  |  description : When a donkey, dog, cat, and rooster fear that their owners are going to get rid of them, they decide to join together and get work as musicians.
 id : 242687 ISBN : 0373079443  | name : One Summer's Knight  |  description : One Summer's Knight by Kathleen Creighton released on Jun 24, 1999 is available now for purchase.
 id : 242688 ISBN : 0816725632  | name : The Wind in the Willows  |  description : The escapades of four animal friends who live along a river in the English countryside--Toad, Mole, Rat, and Badger.
 id : 242690 ISBN : 0373241976  | name : The Mail-order Mix-up  |  description : The Mail-Order Mix-Up by Pamela Toth released on Jul 24, 1998 is available now for purchase.
 id : 242691 ISBN : 0395977142  | name : A History of Latin America: Independence to the present  |  description : A history of Latin American civilization from ancient times to 1910, examining issues and events within the framework of the dependency theory, which looks at the economies of Latin America as subject to the development and expansion of more powerful countries.
 id : 242692 ISBN : 0373167547  | name : Baby's First Christmas  |  description : Baby's First Christmas by Cathy Gillen Thacker released on Oct 23, 1998 is available now for purchase.
 id : 242693 ISBN : 0307020746  | name : The Musicians of Bremen  |  description : No longer wanted by their masters, a donkey, dog, cat, and rooster set out for Bremen to become musicians.
 id : 242695 ISBN : 0373167970  | name : A Cowboy's Woman  |  description : A Cowboy's Woman by Cathy Gillen Thacker released on Sep 24, 1999 is available now for purchase.
 id : 242696 ISBN : 1885211597  | name : Mexico  |  description : A compilation of true essays that explore the diversity of Mexico ranges from Carlos Fuentes's history of Mexico City's town square and Alice Adams's recognition of Frida Kahlo's work, to Pete Hamill's ghosts of Hollywood in Puerto Vallarta. Reprint.
 id : 242697 ISBN : 0375802193  | name : The Little Book of Planes  |  description : Illustrations and simple text present a variety of different types of aircraft, including a cargo transport, crop duster, Harrier, seaplane, and more. Full-color illustrations.
 id : 242698 ISBN : 0373242875  | name : Wyoming Wildcat  |  description : Wyoming Wildcat by Myrna Temte released on Oct 25, 1999 is available now for purchase.
 id : 242700 ISBN : 0679881689  | name : A to Z Mysteries: The Absent Author  |  description : Help Dink, Josh, and Ruth Rose solve mysteries from A to Z! Kids love collecting the entire alphabet and super editions! With over 8 million copies in print, the A to Z Mysteries® have been hooking chapter book readers on mysteries and reading for years. Now this classic kid favorite is back with a bright new look! A is for Author . . . A famous writer is coming to Green Lawn! Dink rushes to the bookstore to meet his favorite author, Wallis Wallace, and get all his books signed. But the author never shows up! Where is Wallis Wallace? It’s up to Dink and his friends Josh and Ruth Rose to track him down.
 id : 242702 ISBN : 037324391X  | name : Her Mysterious Houseguest  |  description : Her Mysterious Houseguest by Jane Toombs released on Mar 23, 2001 is available now for purchase.
 id : 242703 ISBN : 0140280219  | name : The Girl in the Picture  |  description : "More than any other Vietnam book in recent years, The Girl in the Picture confronts us with the ceaseless, ever-compounding casualties of modern warfare." —The San Francisco Chronicle On June 8, 1972, nine-year-old Kim Phuc, severely burned by napalm, ran from her blazing village in South Vietnam and into the eye of history. Her photograph-one of the most unforgettable images of the twentieth century-was seen around the world and helped turn public opinion against the Vietnam War. This book is the story of how that photograph came to be-and the story of what happened to that girl after the camera shutter closed. Award-winning biographer Denise Chong's portrait of Kim Phuc-who eventually defected to Canada and is now a UNESCO spokesperson-is a rare look at the Vietnam War from the Vietnamese point-of-view and one of the only books to describe everyday life in the wake of this war and to probe its lingering effects on all its participants.
 id : 242707 ISBN : 0816742227  | name : There's No Place Like Home  |  description : After being given to strangers is a custody battle, a girl who has never stopped yearning for her real mother seeks revenge.
 id : 242708 ISBN : 9500700913  | name : Los funerales de la Mamá Grande  |  description : Los funerales de la Mama Grande, el primer libro de cuentos de Gabriel Garcia Marquez, continua la historia de Macondo iniciada en 'La Hojarasca' y que alcanza su culminacion y su fin en 'Cien anos de soledad'. En estos relatos el paisaje psiquico de Macondo se confunde con el humor de los habitantes y con la sucesion de malestares, penas y prodigios. Rebeca Buendia, la viuda de Jose Arcadio, vive en una casa inmensa de dos corredores y nueve alcobas, padeciendo de delirios y visiones; el padre Angel duerme desde hace anos en el confesionario; el dentista tortura a los opositores; el telegrafista trasmite poemas de amor a una colega desconocida; Trinidad, una adolescente, colecciona ratones muertos en cajas de zapatos. En Macondo solo prosperan las pestes, los adivinos, los saltimbanquis y los encantadores de serpientes.
 id : 242709 ISBN : 0373244258  | name : The Truth about Tate  |  description : The Truth About Tate by Marilyn Pappano released on Sep 24, 2001 is available now for purchase.
 id : 242712 ISBN : 0373099509  | name : A Self-made Man  |  description : A Self-Made Man by Carole Halston released on Feb 22, 1995 is available now for purchase.
 id : 242714 ISBN : 0743202384  | name : Crossing the Water  |  description : In Crossing the Water, he renders the boys' voices and his life with them - the confrontations, the rare epiphanies, the flashes of humor - with great vividness."--BOOK JACKET.
 id : 242716 ISBN : 0373240376  | name : Resist Me If You Can  |  description : Resist Me If You Can by Janis Reams Hudson released on Apr 24, 1996 is available now for purchase.
 id : 242717 ISBN : 0803793375  | name : The Unicorn and the Lake  |  description : When a serpent poisons the lake where all the animals drink, only the unicorn has the power to save them.
 id : 242719 ISBN : 0263827461  | name : A Poor Relation  |  description : An impoverished gentlewoman, or a sophisticated lady? Lord Amburley was curious as to why the shabbily dressed woman he'd met on the road should then pass herself off in London as a lady of fortune. Miss Isabella Winstanley was utterly captivating, but resist her he must, because he'd set himself the challenge of unmasking her...
 id : 242722 ISBN : 0151789126  | name : The Raphael Affair  |  description : Vandalism and murder follow a newly discovered Raphael painting to London, and Bottando decides to investigate with the help of his glamorous assistant, Flavia. By the author of The Discovery of Painting. A first novel.
 id : 242723 ISBN : 1883869234  | name : Post and Park  |  description : The Presidio of San Francisco fulfilled its mission to serve and protect the Pacific Coast for more than two centuries. Now part of Golden Gate National Recreation Area, it continues to protect some of the parks' endangered and threatened plant and animal species; San Francisco's only free-flowing stream, Lobos Creek; and a veritable museum of military architectural styles. This book offers a pictorial history of the Presidio and a concise, thoughtful text that examines its various roles under three flags.
 id : 242728 ISBN : 0864424558  | name : Iran  |  description : Lonely Planet Iran is your passport to the most relevant, up-to-date advice on what to see and skip, and what hidden discoveries await you. Hike among the Castles of the Assassins in Alamut Valley, Lose yourself in Esfahan's historic bazaar, or ski in the Alborz Mountains; all with your trusted travel companion. Get to the heart of Iran and begin your journey now!
 id : 242730 ISBN : 0671705083  | name : A Knife at the Opera  |  description : A rare evening off for Superintendent Bone occasions another murder mystery when Miss Fairlie, a teacher at his daughter's school, is found murdered during the performance of a play
 id : 242731 ISBN : 1582433135  | name : The Merry Recluse  |  description : From the best–selling author of Drinking: A Love Story and Appetites: Why Women Want comes this unforgettable collection spanning fifteen years of observations on modern culture and women's lives. Caroline Knapp's readers are known not just for their number, but for their intense connection to her work. Knapp connected so well in part because of the intense focus she brought to her subjects. Now, with The Merry Recluse: A Life in Essays, Knapp shows us that her vision through a wider lens is as brilliant as through a narrow one. These essays paint the fullest picture of this wonderful writer that we've yet seen, but they are also a full portrait of a writing life, showing how the same themes can engage––and expand––a writer over a lifetime. Knapp, who died in 2002, was considered one of the country's more intelligent and graceful voices in memoirs. This collection also shows her to be a witty, provocative observer of the world around her.
 id : 242732 ISBN : 0373262426  | name : Cyberkiss  |  description : Cyberkiss by Sally Chapman released on May 23, 1997 is available now for purchase.
 id : 242734 ISBN : 0345403266  | name : The Bluest Blood  |  description : In her Amanda Pepper mysteries, Gillian Roberts evokes the City of Brotherly Love in all its charm, mischief, and menace. Now she turns her wickedly perceptive eye to the residents of Philadelphia's posh Main Line district, the legendary land of the rich and well-to-do, where the wealthy live their very private lives--and occasionally commit very scandalous crimes. Aristocratic Philadelphia natives may think the bluest blood in America flows through their veins, but sometimes outsiders with large fortunes can buy their way into this privileged company--and glamorous newcomers Neddy and Tea Roederer have wealth aplenty. For English teacher Amanda Pepper, the champagne gala on behalf of Philly Prep's library is a night to remember. After all, it is her introduction to ultra-rich society--an evening so extravagant that nothing can tarnish the party . . . not even a group of protesters outside burning the host in effigy. But Amanda senses deeper trouble, and her intuition is right on target. The Moral Ecologists, who vehemently feel that "reading pollutes the mind," will do anything to advance their agenda. And Amanda's new affluent acquaintances prove to be just as deceitful and violent--as she learns firsthand that the bluest blood bleeds just as red. Especially with murder. With her customary bons mots, elegant prose, and storytelling prowess, Gillian Roberts upholds her enviable reputation as "the Dorothy Parker of mystery writers . . . giving more wit per page than most writers give per book." * * Nancy Pickard
 id : 242736 ISBN : 020160826X  | name : You Can Say No to Your Teenager  |  description : Written from the view that your teenager is not "the enemy", this landmark guide helps parents clarify their own values and better understand the meaning behind their teenager's troublesome and provoking behavior.
 id : 242737 ISBN : 189812504X  | name : Soldier D, SAS  |  description : The fourth in a series of novels based on the SAS. Needing help in the training of its elite Anti-Narcotics Unit, the Columbian Government turns to Britain and its legendary SAS, and two veterans are despatched to Bogota. Then one of them is kidnapped by the cartels and held to ransom.
 id : 242740 ISBN : 0553272349  | name : Rehearsal for Murder  |  description : Maggie Ryan and her actor-husband Nick struggle to learn the ropes of parenting, but their lives are turned upside down when the star of Nick's play, is killed and Maggie is implicated in a kidnapping
 id : 242742 ISBN : 1552632822  | name : 100 Days in the Jungle  |  description : The story of 8 oil workers taken hostage in Ecuador in September 1999 and held in various jungle locations until their release after 100 days. An epilogue tracks the workers' fate up to the present day.
 id : 242745 ISBN : 0679445919  | name : Remote  |  description : The author/narrator offers commentary and insights into America's media-saturated culture.
 id : 242747 ISBN : 0425152588  | name : Senior Sleuths  |  description : Senior citizen sleuths prove that wisdom and aging go hand in hand in a collection of mystery tales by Agatha Christie, Lilian Jackson Braun, Loren D. Estleman, Dorothy Salisbury Davis, Hugh Pentecost, Michael Gilbert, and other notable writers. Original.
 id : 242748 ISBN : 0312251920  | name : I'm Wild Again  |  description : The former editor-in-chief of "Cosmopolitan" magazine details her difficult childhood, her career, her forty-year marriage, and her quest for a youthful appearance
 id : 242749 ISBN : 031225251X  | name : Julia's Mother  |  description : A real-life pediatric emergency room doctor reveals the trials, heartbreaks, and triumphs of his work. It's a place of intense human drama, life's highest hopes and deepest despairs. A place we rarely get to see through a doctor's eyes. But now the emergency room at a children's hospita is revealed in a moving and personal notembook by William Bondio, MD. It recounts the lessons a doctor learns beyond the textbooks, revealing insights into the human condition at its most vulnerable and courageous moments--from the patient who, after intense medical therapy, gives up the will to live, to the sick newborn baby who never would. We feel the power of a mother's instinct to advocate for her handicapped child, and observe the wisdom of an immigrant father who intuitively senses things the doctors cannot. Finally, with the mother of a young patient named Julia we share in the nobility of a parent's unending search to find meaning in tragedy.
 id : 242750 ISBN : 0345381882  | name : Facade  |  description : Four young women, each concealing an explosive secret behind a facade of decency, collide in the glittering society of Palm Beach. By the author of Twins. Reprint.
 id : 242751 ISBN : 0195052765  | name : Southern Daughter  |  description : An American phenomenon, Gone with the Wind is one of the most popular American novels of all time, winning a Pulitzer Prize and amazingly returning to the New York Times bestseller list 50 years after its first appearance. Now comes an absorbing biography of its author, Margaret Mitchell, revealing how elements of her life made their way into this classic. 25 halftones.
 id : 242752 ISBN : 0688035531  | name : The Windsor Story  |  description : Interviews with informed persons provide a definitive account of England's bachelor king and Mrs. Wallis Simpson, who are portrayed as tragically mismatched lovers.
 id : 242753 ISBN : 0931432529  | name : Maps to Ecstasy  |  description : Dancer-poet-musician-director Gabrielle Roth has written a wise and witty book inviting readers to come fully alive. Movement of the body, heart, mind, soul, and spirit is both the medium and the message.
 id : 242754 ISBN : 0201092425  | name : Tender Power  |  description : Cohen offers a new definition of the power that women can now exert. She notes that a woman's strength relies on cooperation, instead of bullying and impersonal directives. She shows women how to get to the top or how to rediscover the traditional options of family and home.
 id : 242758 ISBN : 0373059191  | name : Mr. Easy  |  description : Mr. Easy by Cait London released on Feb 22, 1995 is available now for purchase.
 id : 242759 ISBN : 0373760930  | name : The Groom Candidate  |  description : The Groom Candidate by Cait London released on Jul 25, 1997 is available now for purchase.
 id : 242760 ISBN : 0525249699  | name : I'll Think about that Tomorrow  |  description : The author describes her shattered dream marriage to jazzman Artie Shaw and her growth from lonely, middle-aged divorcee to independent woman
 id : 242762 ISBN : 0590259431  | name : Teddy Bear for Sale  |  description : A teddy bear whom no one wants to buy leaves his shelf in the toy store and sets out for adventure.
 id : 242763 ISBN : 0263831124  | name : The Reluctant Marchioness  |  description : Julian Stapleford is confounded when his estranged wife reappears after an eight-year absence. After scandalously being caught in the arms of another man, Jennifer vanished from his life without a trace. Now she has returned, Julian is determined not to make the mistake of falling for her again...
 id : 242764 ISBN : 0394530942  | name : Chez Panisse Pasta, Pizza & Calzone  |  description : This classic cookbook brings together 87 recipes for pasta sauces and 36 pizza and calzone recipes, as well as tasty pasta doughs, such as buckwheat, red pepper and saffron. Featuring beautiful line drawings throughout, the book is a feast for the eyes as well as the palate.
 id : 242765 ISBN : 0843933275  | name : Bold Land, Bold Love  |  description : From the author of "Sheik" and "Surrender to the Fury" comes a novel about a beautiful convict and a handsome settler as they work to tame the wilds of frontier Australia and find love.
 id : 242768 ISBN : 0263827658  | name : Lord Hadleigh's Rebellion  |  description : Lord Hadleigh, found the love of his life over a decade ago, but she was forced to marry elsewhere. When a chance meeting at a house party reunites him with Mary Wardour, they have to discover the truth about what drove them apart before they can hope to find future happiness together...
 id : 242769 ISBN : 0385246110  | name : A Murder Too Many  |  description : Retired botany professor Andrew Basnett returns to Knotlington, where he finds the controversy over the murder of artist Carl Judd still rages, and takes on a challenge to finally expose the truth
 id : 242771 ISBN : 0505522861  | name : Eden's Promise  |  description : Eden Whitney is the most delectable woman Zach Tyson has ever found trussed up in the hold of his pirate ship. He knows a priceless treasure when he sees one, and Zach has no intention of sharing. For one taste of Eden, and Zach knows he will find his own private paradise.
 id : 242772 ISBN : 0802731848  | name : The Killing of Monday Brown  |  description : The sequel to By Evil Means finds Private Investigator Phoebe Siegel drawn into a native American community near her hometown of Billings, Montana, when a young Crow is accused of murdering a thieving dealer in Indian artifacts.
 id : 242773 ISBN : 0340750138  | name : The Flame Tree  |  description : Jasmine Lian is a brilliant young partner in one of the City's biggest law firms, poised for success in every area of her life. Then one of her clients bids for the grandest, most visionary construction project in Asia - the futuristic Titiwangsa University, a complete town and campus in the rainforest-covered hills of Malaysia that will mark the dawning of new millennium. And Jasmine is forced to choose: between old life and new, East and West, right and wrong.
 id : 242774 ISBN : 0505522594  | name : The Highwayman's Daughter  |  description : Though her father had been the legendary highwayman who lost his life for the innkeeper's daughter he loved, down-to-earth Lizzie Tynsdale has no use for romance. She has enough to do running the inn she'd inherited without falling for a handsome face or a pair of broad shoulders. But when a mysterious guest appears at the inn one stormy night, it seems history is destined to be repeated.
 id : 242775 ISBN : 1568657447  | name : Triple Cross  |  description : The first 3 Kate Fansler Mysteries - In the Last Analysis/The James Joyce Murder/Poetic Justice.
 id : 242776 ISBN : 0575402490  | name : The Marriage of Sticks  |  description : Returning to her class reunion, Miranda Romanac has her heart set on meeting James Stillman, her first boyfriend, once again. Her life's never quite measured up to the ideal he represented for her but she is devastated to learn that he died three years before, in a car crash. Her life settles back into routine in New York, and she meets the fabulous Frances Hatch, mistress of many of the great in Paris in the twenties, and at the same time starts an affair with a married man. Then she sees James Stillman, waving to her across the street. And her life changes forever. Confronted, literally, by the lives she's ruined one way or another, she learns the horrifying truth about herself and her own immortal existence.
 id : 242777 ISBN : 0373243367  | name : Married to a Stranger  |  description : Married To A Stranger by Allison Leigh released on Jun 23, 2000 is available now for purchase.
 id : 242779 ISBN : 0373079869  | name : Wild Ways  |  description : Wild Ways by Naomi Horton released on Jan 25, 2000 is available now for purchase.
 id : 242782 ISBN : 068419340X  | name : The Scottish Chiefs  |  description : William Wallace encounters secret passageways, disguises, and a quintet of horrible villains as he fights for Scotland at the turn of the fourteenth century.
 id : 242783 ISBN : 0843946482  | name : Compulsion  |  description : Dedicated bachelor, yankee Ryan St. James, finds his promise to never marry sorely tested when he spends a passionate Virginia night with the compelling southern belle, Catra Meredyth. Original.
 id : 242786 ISBN : 0505522586  | name : Forbidden Fires  |  description : When Ellen Douglass saves the Union officer from the cold river, she doesn't think this one action will so alter her future. But as Price holds her is his arms, they try to forget that they fight on opposing sides and will be kept forever apart.
 id : 242787 ISBN : 155773058X  | name : Destiny and Desire  |  description : Yankee Reeve Walker and Allegra, daughter of a wealthy Southern plantation owner, play out their passion against the conflicts and turbulence of the Civil War
 id : 242788 ISBN : 0345315073  | name : Guns Up!  |  description : "Vietnam as it was lived and fought. A Marine machine gunner's own exciting true story."--Cover
 id : 242790 ISBN : 0446306215  | name : Hellbreak Country  |  description : General George Custer and Wild Bill Hickock ask gunfighter Torn Slater to aid them in the destruction of the James-Younger outlaw gang
 id : 242794 ISBN : 0821754661  | name : A Scandalous Season  |  description : Vowing to be disagreeable in her first season in order to ward off unwanted suitors, Lady Eleanor Chilton is dismayed when she accidentally attracts wealthy gambler Sir Andrew de Ardescote. Original.
 id : 242795 ISBN : 0515103985  | name : A Prior Engagement  |  description : Genevra did not give a fig for marriage, it was the violin she loved, until her bratty cousin Belinda became engaged to the Marquis of Ollenshaw, the only man to ever spark Genevra's passion. Well all's fair in love and war--Genevra is about to play a romantic overture to capture the Marquis's heart.
 id : 242796 ISBN : 0263814246  | name : The Devil and Drusilla  |  description : When the Earl of Devenish returned to his ancestral home, he didn't expect to be so powerfully drawn to his neighbour, Mrs Drusilla Faulkner. But her husband's untimely death was part of the puzzle he was investigating, and he couldn't be sure that she wasn't involved.
 id : 242797 ISBN : 0525945687  | name : Fearless Living  |  description : Rhonda Britten can show you how to leave your fear behind and live your life with freedom and joy ...
 id : 242798 ISBN : 0446352985  | name : Eccentric Lady  |  description : Lady Beth tries to discourage her many London suiters with wild stories. Her tales only increase their attentions. But, the one man Beth desires is not interested in her or her stories and may be lost to her forever. Regency Romance.
 id : 242800 ISBN : 078942634X  | name : Life is Funny  |  description : The lives of a number of young people of different races, economic backgrounds, and family situations living in Brooklyn, New York, become intertwined over a seven-year period.
 id : 242802 ISBN : 0394750799  | name : How to Make Yourself Miserable for the Rest of the Century  |  description : In this updated and revised edition of How to Make Yourself Miserable, Dan Greenburg and Marcia Jacobs walk readers through every phase of self-torture and humiliation imaginable, bringing them through the twentieth century feeling more miserable, guilty, and worried than ever!
 id : 242805 ISBN : 0373271190  | name : Mirror, Mirror  |  description : Mirror, Mirror by Linda Randall Wisdom released on Nov 24, 2000 is available now for purchase.
 id : 242806 ISBN : 0802438180  | name : Mover of Men and Mountains  |  description : This is the story of inventor and industrialist, R.G. LeTourneau, whose inventive genius was decades ahead of his time. His combination of enterprise and Christian commitment led to his sponsoring many works involving foreign missions and education.
 id : 242807 ISBN : 1557734453  | name : Dakota Dream  |  description : Dominique DuBois, the stunning niece of General George Custer, hates Indians with the same passion her famous uncle demonstrates, but she is nevertheless easily taken in by a handsome white spy sent to Custer's fort by the Sioux
 id : 242809 ISBN : 0843924063  | name : Heart's Journey  |  description : Thomas, a supporter of King Edward III, falls in love with Lady Elspeth, the sister of his sworn enemy, Sir Stephen Ufford
 id : 242810 ISBN : 0821740458  | name : Knight's Caress  |  description : A steamy medieval romance from the author of Passion's Deep Spell, Wicked, Wild Eden, and Midnight Flame. believes killed her husband, Amberlie de Fontaine unwittingly finds herself surrendering to the sweet ecstacy of his tempetuous embrace.
 id : 242813 ISBN : 1572235969  | name : A Garden of Cats  |  description : A cat’s curiosity means there isn’t a garden in the world that isn’t interesting, mysterious, and adventurous in the eyes of a cat. And as interesting, mysterious and adventurous are the cats that Del Greger captures in this enchanted garden world. Quotes, verses, and cat plant lore accompany the striking photography, creating a book with wide appeal to cat lovers everywhere.
 id : 242814 ISBN : 0373650450  | name : To Love and Protect Her  |  description : Secret agent Griff Fortune faced his greatest challenge protecting sweet Willa Simms. But when the mission was over, could he dare say goodbye to such happiness?
 id : 242815 ISBN : 0373762208  | name : Undercover Groom  |  description : Undercover Groom by Merline Lovelace released on Apr 23, 1999 is available now for purchase.
 id : 242816 ISBN : 0394587715  | name : The Acacia  |  description : This novel is about war. In fact, it is about two wars, the two world wars. Much of it is autobiographical, with Simon himself being the key character in the World War II story and his father being the key character in the World War I story. The novel consists of 12 chapters, each with a date, either a specific date (i.e. day, month, year) or a more general date (i.e. year or range of years). We actually start off with 1919, i.e. after World War I. Three women and a young boy are travelling around ruined France, looking for something. Simon gives a wonderful picture of France just after World War I, a country in ruins, completely devastated with few facilities and transport networks destroyed. We soon learn that the group consists of a widow, her sisters-in-law and the widow's son. They are looking for the grave of the widow's late husband, killed in the war. The young boy is Simon himself, with his mother and his aunts, who actually did go looking for the grave of Simon's father (this was confirmed by Simon in an interview with Marianne Alphant, a journalist for La Libération). They find the grave from a description they have been given. Simon's father and another French officer are buried in a grave with German soldiers, as they were killed in a fight with the Germans but the French, in retreat, had no time to recover the bodies.
 id : 242817 ISBN : 0141303859  | name : The Case of the Halloween Ghost  |  description : Hank the Cowdog has one of the scariest adventures of his life when he and his companion Drover find themselves in a spooky place on Halloween night.
 id : 242819 ISBN : 0373272634  | name : In Harm's Way  |  description : In Harm's Way by Lyn Stone released on Nov 22, 2002 is available now for purchase.
 id : 242820 ISBN : 0843934050  | name : Surrender the Dream  |  description : Betrayed by love, Victoria Granger dedicates herself to helping the less fortunate in San Francisco--until her father threatens to disinherit her unless she weds by her next birthday. Resigned to a loveless match, Torrie is pleased to discover her marriage to Spence Kincaid promises a life more rewarding than any fantasy.
 id : 242827 ISBN : 0373242743  | name : Hunter's Pride  |  description : Hunter's Pride by Lindsay McKenna released on Aug 25, 1999 is available now for purchase.
 id : 242829 ISBN : 1903434327  | name : Song Quest  |  description : From the Isle of Echoes the forces of good and evil are held in harmony by those who hear and sing. When a mainlander's ship is wreeked and the Merlee half creatures are heard crying across the waves the lives of three novice Singers are changed forever. Rialle, the heroine, who hears the cry of the Merlee, is sent to calm them with Challa, her voice as sweet as sunlight. Frenn, her friend and protector, follows as a stowaway while Kherron, the rebel, allows his desire for freedom to take him into danger and a headlong clash with the enemy and their mysterious powers. All are caught up in a dangerous and sinister web, battling against the powers of darkness that threaten to destroy their world.
 id : 242832 ISBN : 1895387329  | name : Walking to Shenak  |  description : Sheila is fresh out of university and a broken engagement. Rudy is fascinated with storms and the unknown world of ice beyond the frozen harbour. Carl dreams of defending his dissertation against an assembly of hunters, while all the while his wife, Marian, is slipping away from him. Dave doesn't like women much, but he likes sleeping with them. Alice has invented a tradition of women-only parties to escape the tyranny of Hockey Night in Canada. These are some of the outsiders who have come to work in a small northern town.
 id : 242835 ISBN : 0812556194  | name : Southshore  |  description : Pamra Don, a member of the Awakeners, rallies Northshore to confront the Protector of Man with the evil done in his name
 id : 242837 ISBN : 059514196X  | name : Basement Insanities  |  description : Basment Insanities Part Two, is a collection of short stories and poems that leave the reader double thinking their own sanity. From the terror of new prisons in the future, to a ghost bride that haunts a church, there is terror and insanity that strikes in the core of the most sane person.
 id : 242838 ISBN : 0972439501  | name : Johnny May's Guide to Preventing Identity Theft  |  description : With over 27 million identity thefts reported in the last five years and over $48 billion in theft losses to businesses and financial institutions in 2002 alone, this up-to-date and comprehensive guide is a must-have for those who want to protect themselves.
 id : 242839 ISBN : 1576738981  | name : So Little Time  |  description : Romance and revulsion, distance and determination frame a story that spans the continent in the late 1800s. McClain Reardon had saved ten-year-old Rya's life when the fugitive John Wilkes Booth held her at gunpoint in Virginia. Reuniting with McClain years later on the wagon trail to California, lovely Rya falls in love with her lifelong hero, and they plan to get married. But there is one dark shadow on this bright future: a sore old suitor's merciless harassment. Even though the Reardons have found true love, separation seems unavoidable. Trusting God is crucial when there is so little time...
 id : 242841 ISBN : 0696019507  | name : Wok Cuisine  |  description : Features classic and new recipes for stir-frying, frying, simmering, and steaming foods in the wok.
 id : 242842 ISBN : 0345336828  | name : Royal Feud  |  description : Details the intense thirty-year enmity between the present Queen Mother Elizabeth and the Duchess of Windsor, the effect on Britain's royal family, and the accord finally established between them
 id : 242844 ISBN : 0195506014  | name : Australian Love Stories  |  description : Paperback edition of an anthology first published in 1996. Presents 35 love stories, both traditional and unusual, mostly by contemporary writers. Contributors include Helen Garner, Robert Dessaix, Peter Carey, Henry Lawson and Judith Wright.
 id : 242847 ISBN : 0786216344  | name : The Loop  |  description : A pack of wolves is reintroduced to the mountains of Montana, reawakening hatreds and threatening to tear a town apart.
 id : 242848 ISBN : 0060001488  | name : Hell Week  |  description : A riveting look at the incredibly gruelling week that turns a Navy man into a highly trained SEAl. All the pain, punishment, endurance and commitment needed to survive the hell week of bootcamp training is chronicled in this riveting tale of determination and intrigue. Go deep into SEAL territory with this intense, thrilling and detailed book written by Command Master Chief Dennis Chalker and military historian Kevin Dockery. No pain, no gain...
 id : 242849 ISBN : 0671424343  | name : The Complete Book of Long-distance and Competitive Cycling  |  description : A guide to bicycle racing discusses the choice and maintenance of a bicycle, planning a training program, bicycle handling, and racing strategies
 id : 242850 ISBN : 0963477617  | name : Against Pornography  |  description : Because Dr. Diana Russell believes that seeing pornography is the most powerful evidence of the woman-hatred inherent in it, she reprinted over 100 examples of pornographic photographs in this book. She chose to risk being sued for publishing these pictures because she was unwilling to obtain permission from the pornographers. "Against Pornography" also contains a succinct summary of some of the major scientific research on this subject, and an explication of her original and convincing theory of how pornography causes rape.
 id : 242851 ISBN : 1893361861  | name : Hasidic Tales  |  description : Breathes new life into classic stories from people who so marvelously combined the mystical and the ordinary. Rabbi Rami serves as an expert guide to these wise and meaningful stories that can help further your own spiritual awakening.
 id : 242852 ISBN : 0553573799  | name : Bride of Danger  |  description : Katherine O'Neal, winner of the Romantic Times Award for Best Sensual Historical Romance, offers her most spellbinding--and irresistible--adventure yet... Night after night, she graced London's most elegant soirees, her flame-haired beauty drawing all eyes, her innocent charm wresting from men the secrets of their souls. And not one suspected the truth: that she was a spy, plucked from the squalor of Dublin's filthy streets. For Mylene, devoted to the cause of freedom, it was a role she gladly played...until the evening she came face-to-face with the mysterious Lord Whitney. All of the town was abuzz with his recent arrival. But only Mylene knew he was as much of an impostor as she. Gone was any trace of the wild Irish youth she remembered. In his place was a rogue more devastatingly handsome than any man had a right to be--and a rebel coldheartedly determined to do whatever it took to fulfill his mission. Now he was asking Mylene to betray everything she'd come to believe in. And even as she knew she had to stop him, she couldn't resist surrendering to his searing passion.
 id : 242853 ISBN : 0374252807  | name : The Rules of Engagement  |  description : A gripping novel of love and war, risk and responsibility Arcadia Hearne is a war researcher, specializing in military intervention. But her immersion in contemporary war is offset by her refusal to put herself at risk, and by her insistence on keeping her past at bay. Ten years earlier, in the mid-1980s, Arcadia had fled Toronto for London after two university students--rivals for her love--fought a pistol duel over her. Now, through the interventions of her sister, Lux, and her increasingly complicated relationship with a new lover, Amir, who has secrets of his own, Arcadia is forced to confront what really happened on the day of the duel. Moving from the verdant ravines of Toronto to the secret canals of a gritty, vibrant London, The Rules of Engagement has an extraordinary sense of time and place. A powerful exploration of the nature of love, the novel provocatively explores the crossing of emotional, ethical, and literal borders.
 id : 242854 ISBN : 0028619552  | name : The Complete Idiot's Guide to Geography  |  description : Explains geographical terminology, differentiates between physical and geographical geography, and discusses the problems threatening the globe
 id : 242855 ISBN : 0764506331  | name : JavaScript For Dummies  |  description : JavaScript has evolved quite a bit since its earliest days, from a relatively basic scripting language to a full-blown programming language in its own right. You can use JavaScript to create even more breathtakingly cool Web sites than ever before. You've probably seen Web sites with the following features: Images that change when your mouse moves over them Slide-show animations Input forms with pop-up messages that help you fill in the fields correctly Customized messages that welcome repeat visitors All of these features (and much more) can be created with JavaScript. The thing is, JavaScript isn't easy to use. The JavaScript language itself has become more complex than its earlier incarnations – but that's where his new, improved, better-tasting edition of JavaScript For Dummies comes in! Even if you're not a crackerjack programmer, you can use the techniques and sample scripts in this book to create interactive, "intelligent" Web pages bursting with animated effects. JavaScript For Dummies, 3rd Edition, gives you all you need to know to get started with JavaScript, plus some really cool JavaScript tricks, all explained from the point of view of the first-time JavaScript programmer. Here are just a few of the topics you'll find covered: Understanding JavaScript programming concepts Writing your first script Sampling browser cookies Making your pages interactive with button events and mouse rollovers Fiddling with forms and frames Automating your Web site Top Ten lists on online resources, common mistakes (and how to avoid them), and debugging your scripts Appendixes on JavaScript reserved words, color values, special characters, and the document object model reference JavaScript For Dummies, 3rd Edition, also includes a CD-ROM with trial versions of popular Web creations tools, such as HomeSite, Dreamweaver, NetObjects ScriptBuilder, and SurfMap JavaScript. So if you've worked with HTML before but want to add more flexibility and punch to your pages, or even if you've never written a stick of code in your life but are eager to hop on the JavaScript bandwagon, JavaScript For Dummies, 3rd Edition, is the book for you.
 id : 242856 ISBN : 0744510996  | name : Where's Wally?  |  description : Help Wally find his misplaced key, Wenda find her camera, Woof locate his bone, Wizard Whitebeard look for his scroll and Odlaw hunt for his binoculars in five extraordinary adventures.
 id : 242857 ISBN : 1874371555  | name : The Magic Show  |  description : Using a combination of flaps, pop-ups, tabs and inventive paper engineering, this book creates a range of illusions, based on the principles of magic, which are both fun and mystifying. Although The Magic Show should have special appeal for children between the ages of and 9, its design and curiosity value makes this book a collectable item for children of all ages.
 id : 242859 ISBN : 0749648511  | name : Dinosaurs  |  description : This series is a multi-leveled series introducing non-fiction to junior readers, from first concepts to essential subjects. Yellow level readers are for children to read along. Ages 6-9.
 id : 242863 ISBN : 0441009034  | name : Hawkwood's Voyage  |  description : As the once great Fimbrian nations of the West begin to fall to heathen Murduk hordes, bloody religious fanaticism threatens to consume the land from within, and rogue mariner Richard Hawkwood embarks on an expedition across the Great Western Ocean to find a legendary lost continent and a safe sanctuary for survivors. Original.
 id : 242864 ISBN : 0553576461  | name : Bloodwinter  |  description : The discovery of a powerful gemstone leads to a desperate conflict between Ixti, an overpopulated desert kingdom, and Eron, a snowy land trying to cope with a deadly plague.
 id : 242865 ISBN : 0888995075  | name : Seven for a Secret  |  description : In Cook's Cove, a small outport village on the west coast of Newfoundland, summers are short but sweet, and fifteen-year-old Melinda expects this one to be no different. She's looking forward to two idyllic months of garden parties, socials and long talks into the night with her cousins Rebecca and Kate. The cousins have spent summers together ever since they can remember. Rebecca's the goody-goody homemaker. Studious Kate, who lives in the city, is determined not to let a boyfriend get in the way of her plans for the future. Then there's outspoken Melinda, who loves to scandalize the village biddies. The girls are like sisters; they watch out for each other, and nothing can ever come between them. But when a stranger comes to the village and invites Rebecca to go to Boston to develop her artistic talent, the cousins are suddenly exposed to the possibilities of the outside world and the chance to fulfil their latent dreams.
 id : 242866 ISBN : 1857983378  | name : Deathstalker Rebellion  |  description : At the heart of the galaxy-spanning tyrannical Empire lies Golgotha, the planet of the Iron Throne. Once it was impregnable. Now . . . the Iron Bitch may have made a fatal mistake. In outlawing Owen Deathstalker, she has awakened a lust for revenge in a quite man - and unwittingly created a focus for a galaxy full of hatred for her loathsome rule. At last the espers and clones, the AIs and the freak, the innocent and the damned have someone to lead them in rebellion . . .
 id : 242867 ISBN : 0441009174  | name : The Iron Wars  |  description : As enemies close in on a land at war with itself, the truth will strike with a blinding lighthellip;A fallen kingAmong the five warring Ramusian kingdoms, three Heretic Kings refuse to recognize the new pontiff. Fighting to retain his throne, Abelyn of Hebrion succumbs to his horrific injuries, sinking into a deep coma-and rendering his kingdom vulnerable to the machinations of those closest to himhellip;A soldier at a crossroadsWhile in the East, Corfe Cear-Inaf, the sole soldier to survive the Merduk attack on the city of Aekir, has risen in rank to his own command, yet one act of defiance will build his legend-or bury his name in infamyhellip;A threat from beyond the horizonNow, from a terrible new world in the west, the evil influence of the shapeshifting immortal, Aruan, seeps into the Five Kingdoms. And a deal is brokered with the sorcerer to heal King Abelyn-no matter what the pricehellip;
 id : 242868 ISBN : 0451454588  | name : Into the Forge  |  description : A dying warrior beqeaths a coin to Tip and Beau, with the message, "Take the coin east to Agron, and warn all."
 id : 242869 ISBN : 0553579347  | name : Beyond the Pale  |  description : A strange rift in ordinary reality draws saloon owner Travis Wilder and ER doctor Grace Beckett into the otherworld of Eldh--a land of gods, monsters, and magic that is sorely in need of heroes.
 id : 242870 ISBN : 1857236009  | name : The Nations of the Night  |  description : NATIONS OF THE NIGHT is Book 2 of Oliver Johnson's epic Lightbringer trilogy - one of the most exciting fantasy series of recent years. The doomed city of Thrull, ruled by the High Priest of Iss and his vampire army, has been destroyed. The first part of the prophecy has been fulfilled. But for Urthred, the hideously scarred priest of Flame, and for his companions, Jayal, the haunted warrior, and Thalassa, the young woman chosen by the gods, the quest has only just begun. They have Dragonstooth, the magic sword, and now they must seek the formidable Man of Bronze in order to take the next step that will threaten the powers of darkness. Remorselessly pursued by their implacable enemies, their journey takes them into the inhospitable and arctic wastes of the north, the land of the terrible creatures, known as the Nations of the Night. Magical, mysterious, the Lightbringer Trilogy has the epic sweep of the very best of fantasy.
 id : 242871 ISBN : 2070542777  | name : Rouge sang  |  description : AMOUR, HAINE, POUVOIR, VIOLENCE... Londres au XXIIe siècle. La ville est en ruines. Le pays à feu et à sang. Deux gangs se livrent une guerre sans merci. Val Volson veut régner en maître, Conor est son pire ennemi. Las des combats et des destructions, désireux de faire alliance, Val donne sa fille de quatorze ans, Signy, en mariage à Conor. Mais est-il possible de faire la paix avec un tel homme ? Signy peut-elle faire confiance à un être qui confond amour et haine ? Rebelle, passionnée, elle va tenter de séduire ce tyran sanguinaire pour déjouer le piège mortel qui se referme sur elle et sa famille... Inspiré d'une ancienne saga islandaise, ce roman passionné, violent, souvent brutal et cruel s'adresse à des lecteurs avertis. RougeSang nous plonge dans un univers fantastique, futuriste et apocalyptique.
 id : 242873 ISBN : 0671007793  | name : Snowbound  |  description : While investigating a dubious investment scheme, Nancy and Michael, her costar and rival, follow a hot lead that takes them off campus and directly into the path of a blizzard.
 id : 242874 ISBN : 0448090724  | name : Adventure in the Country  |  description : The Bobbsey Twins barely escape a frightening encounter with a ferocious bull in this countryside adventure. The Bobbsey Twins--Bert and Nan, Freddie and Flossie--have won millions of fans since their first adventure in 1904. While remaining true to the spirit of the original editions, these revisions of the classic mysteries have fast-moving plots and exciting illustrations especially for today's young readers.
 id : 242875 ISBN : 0671884506  | name : My Babysitter Flies by Night  |  description : Intrepid 13-year-old Meg has to battle a new vampire who has infiltrated her eighth grade class.
 id : 242877 ISBN : 1864503807  | name : Lonely Planet Brazilian Phrasebook  |  description : Essential words and phrases to facilitate travelers' basic communication.
 id : 242878 ISBN : 0152000127  | name : Sweet Friday Island  |  description : Vacationing on what they think is an uninhabited island, fifteen-year-old Peg and her father find their adventure turned into a fight for survival.
 id : 242879 ISBN : 0416009514  | name : Cloud 9  |  description : Cloud Nine is an inventive, surrealistic and entertaining look at sexual repression and sexual role conditioning.The first act takes placei n Victorian Africa, suggeting the parallel between colonial and sexual repression. Clive, the whtie man, imposes his ideals on his family and the natives. Betty, his wife, is played by a man because she wants to be what men want her to be; and Joshua, their black servant, is played by a white man because he wants to be what whites want him to be.The second act is set in London in 1979--in the changing sexuality of our own time. The characters, who have ages only twenty-five years, have become more real to themselves, men suffer as well as women, and our identities are warped by conforming to "unnatural norms."
 id : 242880 ISBN : 0573613338  | name : Oh Dad, Poor Dad, Mamma's Hung You in the Closet and I'm Feelin' So Sad  |  description : Full Length, Black Comedy / Casting: 4m, 2f, extras / Scenery: 2 int. Wealthy, overbearing Madame Rosepettle with her stuttering, awkward son Jonathan at her heels, arrives at a posh hotel with a man-eating tropical plant, pirahna fish and coffin in tow. Rosalie, a voluptuous babysitter from the couple next door "who never come home" attempts to seduce Jonathan and proves a formidable opponent to Madame herself.
 id : 242881 ISBN : 0879513403  | name : Alexander's Path  |  description : "Magnificent...a brilliant and inspiring account of her journey along the coastline of Turkey and back into time." (The Observer)
 id : 242883 ISBN : 0394849027  | name : Alfred Hitchcock's Daring Detectives  |  description : World-famous detectives of fiction such as The Saint and Hercule Poirot are featured in these stories
 id : 242884 ISBN : 0394718291  | name : The Big Knockover  |  description : Short fictional works by the modern American writer explore the world of crime and violence, mysterious women, and hard-hitting private detectives.
 id : 242885 ISBN : 1561443603  | name : Jack and the Beanstalk  |  description : Retells in verse the old tale of the boy who climbed a beanstalk, killed a giant, and won a fortune.
 id : 242888 ISBN : 0679872051  | name : Return of the Jedi  |  description : The Rebels plan a daring attack on the Empire's greatest weapon, the Death Star. While Han Solo travels to Endor to disable the Death Star's defense shield, Luke must face not only Darth Vader but the Emperor himself!
 id : 242890 ISBN : 0671038338  | name : Gone Fishin'  |  description : Salem and his pal Roscoe are caught fishing in a neighbor's pond and Salem is forced to wear a collar with a bell as punishment. Still loving to fish, Salem and Roscoe set their sights on the fish Sabrina brings home from school. When the piranha attacks and makes off with the collar, Sabrina assumes the worst.
 id : 242891 ISBN : 1570649685  | name : Unleashed in Space  |  description : John's prize-winning essay gets him six days at Space Camp with Wishbone who, on the first day there, imagines himself as the hero of Jack Williamson's novel, The legion of space, who is on a thirty-first century outer space rescue mission.
 id : 242893 ISBN : 0893757594  | name : George Washington, Young Leader  |  description : Traces the life of the first president of the United States from his boyhood at Mount Vernon to his adult years.
 id : 242895 ISBN : 0061064963  | name : Wishbone Classic #09 A Journey to the Center of the Earth  |  description : A retelling of the Jules Verne classic in which a group of people journey into the crater of a volcano to find the center of the earth.
 id : 242897 ISBN : 1570649677  | name : The Legend of Sleepy Hollow  |  description : Reminded of The Legend of Sleepy Hollow, Wishbone imagines he's schoolteacher Ichabod Crane, expert on superstitions, bad luck, and ghosts, until he meet the most frightening specter of all-- the Headless Horseman|.
 id : 242898 ISBN : 0684800322  | name : Terrestrials  |  description : Booth and Clegg, American spy-plane pilots, find themselves in a different world when they are shot down over Saharan Africa.
 id : 242900 ISBN : 0679433287  | name : Down in the Zero  |  description : A rash of suicides among wealthy teenagers in a Connecticut town is the subject of an investigation by PI Burke. To solve the case he is forced to play the stud, endearing himself to a housewife who runs a secret porn ring. By the author of Shella.
 id : 242902 ISBN : 0395365546  | name : Affairs at Thrush Green  |  description : In Affairs at Thrush Green, Miss Read continues the fortunes of the Thrush Green families whom we last met in Gossip from Thrush Green. Here we follow the kindly vicar, Charles Henstock, to the neighboring Lulling, after his home was burned to the ground at the end of the earlier novel. Going to a new church is never easy, even in the best of times; indeed, poor Dr. Henstock encounters some very redoubtable females in Lulling. A full-scale power struggle erupts over the question of kneeling cushions for the Lady Chapel, and other difficulties revolve around the crotchety old sexton Albert Piggott. Meanwhile, a mysterious stranger arrives at the Fuschia Bush cafe, and its rivalry with the Two Pheasants becomes more acute. One knows, however, that Miss Read will make all come right in the end.
 id : 242903 ISBN : 0679737421  | name : First Hubby  |  description : First Hubby, written with with and passion, is about relationships, love, trust, politics, lies, the state of the world, and what constitutes success and failure. It is the hilarious, moving story of Guy and Clementine Fox, who met in the 60s, and managed to stay together in the decades since. A New York Times Notable Book for 1990.
 id : 242904 ISBN : 0553092979  | name : Jemima Shore at the Sunny Grave and Other Stories  |  description : A collection of short stories some featuring Jemima Shore.
 id : 242905 ISBN : 0932592694  | name : The Best Card Games in the Galaxy  |  description : Definitive rules for the best 20 card games in the galaxy, along with 52 tools of the trade. Plus complete plans for a house of cards, two rub-your eyes card tricks and two solitaires that will crush any other solitaire you've ever heard of.
 id : 242907 ISBN : 1568380437  | name : Daily Meditations for Practicing The Course  |  description : From the author of Each Day a New Beginning, comes the first book of daily meditations on A Course in Miracles.
 id : 242909 ISBN : 0393322106  | name : When Broken Glass Floats  |  description : "A gut-wrenching story told with honesty, restraint, and dignity." —Ha Jin, National Book Award-winning author of Waiting Chanrithy Him felt compelled to tell of surviving life under the Khmer Rouge in a way "worthy of the suffering which I endured as a child." In a mesmerizing story, Chanrithy Him vividly recounts her trek through the hell of the "killing fields." She gives us a child's-eye view of a Cambodia where rudimentary labor camps for both adults and children are the norm and modern technology no longer exists. Death becomes a companion in the camps, along with illness. Yet through the terror, the members of Chanrithy's family remain loyal to one another, and she and her siblings who survive will find redeemed lives in America. A Finalist for the Kiriyama Pacific Rim Book Prize.
 id : 242912 ISBN : 1570711720  | name : Preschool for Parents  |  description : Preschool for Parents is a must-have guide for finding and selecting a great, safe preschool and giving your child the best opportunity to learn, play and grow.
 id : 242916 ISBN : 3442304989  | name : Cave Canem  |  description : Kater Francis, diese Mischung aus Sherlock Holmes und Phillip Marlowe mit einem Schuß James Bond, hat schon wieder Ärger am Hals. In seinem Revier häufen sich rätselhafte Todesfälle, und zu den Opfern zählen nicht nur Katzen, sondern auch deren innigste Feinde, die elenden Kläffer. Der Vorfall schafft böses Blut zwischen beiden Lagern, und selbst eine Konferenz wird einberufen, um zu schlichten. Eines ist jedenfalls klar, der Fall muss dringend aufgeklärt werden, bevor die Feindschaft zwischen Hunden und Katzen womöglich eskaliert. Könnte der Mörder vielleicht aus dem Tierasyl am Stadtrand gekommen sein, dessen Belegschaft in letzter Zeit sprunghaft zugenommen hat? Das ist zumindest eine Theorie von Francis. Er soll Licht in die Angelegenheit bringen, und fast wäre er auch bereit, wieder Detektiv zu spielen - immerhin gehörte seine jüngste Angebetete, die verführerische Roxy, zu den Opfern.
 id : 242917 ISBN : 0670033227  | name : The Food of Love  |  description : In the spirit of "Like Water for Chocolate" and "Chocolat," Capella's delicious first novel, tempts readers to devour it at one sitting and confirms that fine food and romance are a winning combination.
 id : 242918 ISBN : 1400049733  | name : Off-season  |  description : McAlpine traveled the East Coast from Key West, Florida, to Lubek, Maine, during what he calls the "forgotten season"--the period from Labor Day to the first day of spring--in order to discover the places and people that embody the heart and soul of America.
 id : 242919 ISBN : 0310201071  | name : Hiding from Love  |  description : We learn in childhood to hide from pain, and often continue hiding our hurt from God and others in adulthood. Here Townsend presents a scriptural approach to help us identify these unhealthy withdrawal patterns and find healing, freedom and security in connected, grace-filled relationships. Includes discussion guide.
 id : 242920 ISBN : 0877736138  | name : Witches, Ogres, and the Devil's Daughter  |  description : The cursed maiden, the bewitched princess, the sadistic ogre, and the wicked witch are among Jungian archetypal motifs that embody anger, aggression, and other familiar behavior patterns that often block or destroy human relationships. The authors show how fairy tales can help individuals recognize and deal with these "shadow sides" of their lives.
 id : 242921 ISBN : 0892819774  | name : Chaos, Creativity, and Cosmic Consciousness  |  description : Three of the most original thinkers of our time explore issues that call into question our current views of reality, morality, and the nature of life. • A wide-ranging investigation of the ecology of inner and outer space, the role of chaos theory in the dynamics of human creation, and the rediscovery of traditional wisdom. In this book of "trialogues," the late psychedelic visionary and shamanologist Terence McKenna, acclaimed biologist and originator of the morphogenetic fields theory Rupert Sheldrake, and mathematician and chaos theory scientist Ralph Abraham explore the relationships between chaos and creativity and their connection to cosmic consciousness. Their observations call into question our current views of reality, morality, and the nature of life in the universe. The authors challenge the reader to the deepest levels of thought with wide-ranging investigations of the ecology of inner and outer space, the role of chaos in the dynamics of human creation, and the resacralization of the world. Among the provocative questions the authors raise are: Is Armageddon a self-fulfilling prophecy? Are we humans the imaginers or the imagined? Are the eternal laws of nature still evolving? What is the connection between physical light and the light of consciousness? Part ceremony, part old-fashioned intellectual discussion, these trialogues are an invitation to a new understanding of what Jean Houston calls "the dreamscapes of our everyday waking life."
 id : 242922 ISBN : 0440508827  | name : The How to Think Like Leonardo da Vinci Workbook  |  description : In the bestselling tradition of The Artist's Way Morning Pages Journal, The Simple Abundance Journal of Gratitude and The Don't Sweat the Small Stuff Workbook comes The How to Think Like Leonardo da Vinci Workbook--the companion volume to Michael Gelb's 1998 Delacorte hardcover bestseller. Created to structure and motivate the reader's development of the seven da Vincian principles introduced in How to Think Like Leonardo da Vinci, The How to Think Like Leonardo da Vinci Workbook represents the natural extension of Gelb's da Vinci line. As any modern da Vinci student knows, Leonardo's notebook both served as the incubator and repository of his unique genius and provides the foundation of any modern-day student's attempt to emulate that genius on his own. From the very first exercise in the original How to Think Like Leonardo da Vinci, Gelb encourages readers to keep their own personal notebooks in which to hone their da Vincian skills; now he provides that notebook for them, with the added bonus of tips on exercises they'll recognize and new suggestions and assignments that will build on the work they've already done. Designed to echo the inviting look of How to Think Like Leonardo da Vinci, and structured to help readers focus on each of the seven genius principles, The How to Think Like Leonardo da Vinci Workbook is a companion volume that truly complements and enhances the reader's experience of the original book on which it's based.
 id : 242923 ISBN : 0805009086  | name : The Age of Manipulation  |  description : Exposes the strategies used by advertisers to manipulate our thoughts and senses.
 id : 242925 ISBN : 0553283383  | name : The Hidden City  |  description : Clive and Neville Folliot and their companions in the Dungeon face their ultimate peril in the Ren and the Chaffri, the masters of the Dungeon maze
 id : 242927 ISBN : 0449208354  | name : While Still We Live  |  description : "A master of the suspense novel." THE BOSTON GLOBE It began very innocently. A holiday visit to Poland. But before enojoying the sights and sounds of this fascinating new place, happiness took a violent turn and became a nightmare of terror...when suddenly you're mistaken for a Nazi spy, and to save your life, you have to prove you are innocent.
 id : 242928 ISBN : 0375508317  | name : What Makes Sammy Run?  |  description : What Makes Sammy Run? Everyone of us knows someone who runs. He is one of the symp-toms of our times--from the little man who shoves you out of the way on the street to the go-getter who shoves you out of a job in the office to the Fuehrer who shoves you out of the world. And all of us have stopped to wonder, at some time or another, what it is that makes these people tick. What makes them run? This is the question Schulberg has asked himself, and the answer is the first novel written with the indignation that only a young writer with talent and ideals could concentrate into a manuscript. It is the story of Sammy Glick, the man with a positive genius for being a heel, who runs through New York's East Side, through newspaper ranks and finally through Hollywood, leaving in his wake the wrecked careers of his associates; for this is his tragedy and his chief characteristic--his congenital incapacity for friendship. An older and more experienced novelist might have tempered his story and, in so doing, destroyed one of its outstanding qualities. Compromise would mar the portrait of Sammy Glick. Schulberg has etched it in pure vitriol, and dissected his victim with a precision that is almost frightening. When a fragment of this book appeared as a short story in a national magazine, Schulberg was surprised at the number of letters he received from people convinced they knew Sammy Glick's real name. But speculation as to his real identity would be utterly fruitless, for Sammy is a composite picture of a loud and spectacular minority bitterly resented by the many decent and sincere artists who are trying honestly to realize the measureless potentialities of motion pictures. Tothis group belongs Schulberg himself, who has not only worked as a screen writer since his graduation from Dartmouth College in 1936, but has spent his life, literally, in the heart of the motion-picture colony. In the course of finding out what makes Sammy run (an operation in which the reader is spared none of the grue-some details) Schulberg has poured out everything he has felt about that place. The result is a book which the publishers not only believe to be the most honest ever written about Hollywood, but a penetrating study of one kind of twentieth-century success that is peculiar to no single race of people or walk of life.
 id : 242930 ISBN : 0192820591  | name : The Lore and Language of Schoolchildren  |  description : Gathers and describes the superstitions, rhymes, chants, nicknames, jokes, riddles, and slang words of children in England, Scotland, and Wales.
 id : 242933 ISBN : 0691017786  | name : Myths and Symbols in Indian Art and Civilization  |  description : This study interprets for the Western mind the key motifs of India's legend, myth and folklore, taken directly from the Sanskrit. It seeks to make the profound Hindu and Buddhist intuitions on the riddles of life and death recognizable not merely as Oriental but as universal elements.
 id : 242934 ISBN : 1855380749  | name : Finding Your Guardian Angel  |  description : Candle magic begins with the childhood act of blowing out the candles on a birthday cake. The author argues that this introduces a couple of important magical principals to the child - those of concentration and the use of a focusing symbol. This book introduces the area of incense and its use in ritual and shows how candles and incense can be used for occult and everyday development. Michael Howard also wrote Candle Burning: its occult significance.
 id : 242935 ISBN : 057201788X  | name : Self Development with the Tarot  |  description : Tarot Cards existed as early as the 1300s and were well established by the 16th century. The Tarot is undergoing a revival of interest today This book shows how the cards can be used to highlight areas of personal and spiritual growth, as well as blind spots in your personality, and how you can use the insights gained through Tarot readings, done by yourself or with others, to develop a clearer understanding of your future goals and directions.
 id : 242936 ISBN : 185327089X  | name : Echoes from the Void  |  description : This collection of occult writings spans a period from 1979 to the present. It covers various subjects and themes: shamanism; magical cosmology; mythology of the Tarot; and a Qabalistic interpretation of surrealism. Other chapters feature a comparison of frameworks of consciousness proposed by Carl Jung and John Lilly; and profiles of three magical artists: Austin Spare, Rosaleen Norton and H.R. Giger (the creator of The Alien).
 id : 242942 ISBN : 3822862142  | name : The Christy Report. Ediz. inglese, francese e tedesca  |  description : Penetrate the world of 20th century adult underground with publisher, film producer, & archivist Kim Christy, Compiled from extensive private collections, The Christy Report brings you a plethora of images tracing the evolution of porn as we know it, from beginnings in early photography, illustration, & film, through the glory days of the 70s porn explosion & up to today's expanded digital-age market. A history book unlike any you ever had in school, The Christy Report is more than eye candy, it's also educational (wink, wink)!
 id : 242943 ISBN : 0140351019  | name : Tales of Ancient Egypt  |  description : Selected tales evoke the mystery, superstitions, and myths of Egypt under the pharaohs
 id : 242945 ISBN : 0835122395  | name : Manifesto of the Communist Party  |  description : This Norton Critical Edition offers a complete historical and philosophical introduction to Marx's Manifesto of the Communist Party.
 id : 242954 ISBN : 1593080697  | name : The Death of Ivan Ilych and Other Stories  |  description : Meaning of life novel.
 id : 242955 ISBN : 1593080786  | name : Pygmalion and Three Other Plays  |  description : Pygmalion and Three Other Plays, by George Bernard Shaw, is part of the Barnes & Noble Classics series, which offers quality editions at affordable prices to the student and the general reader, including new scholarship, thoughtful design, and pages of carefully crafted extras. Here are some of the remarkable features of Barnes & Noble Classics: New introductions commissioned from todays top writers and scholars Biographies of the authors Chronologies of contemporary historical, biographical, and cultural events Footnotes and endnotes Selective discussions of imitations, parodies, poems, books, plays, paintings, operas, statuary, and films inspired by the work Comments by other famous authors Study questions to challenge the readers viewpoints and expectations Bibliographies for further reading Indices & Glossaries, when appropriate All editions are beautifully designed and are printed to superior specifications; some include illustrations of historical interest. Barnes & Noble Classics pulls together a constellation of influences--biographical, historical, and literary--to enrich each readers understanding of these enduring works. Hailed as "a Tolstoy with jokes" by one critic, George Bernard Shaw was the most significant British playwright since the seventeenth century. Pygmalion persists as his best-loved play, one made into both a classic film--which won Shaw an Academy Award for best screenplay--and the perennially popular musical My Fair Lady. Pygmalion follows the adventures of phonetics professor Henry Higgins as he attempts to transform cockney flower girl Eliza Doolittle into a refined lady. The scene in which Eliza appears in high society with the correct accent but no notion of polite conversation is considered one of the funniest in English drama. Like most of Shaw's work, Pygmalion wins over audiences with wit, a taut morality, and an innate understanding of human relationships. This volume also includes Major Barbara, which attacks both capitalism and charitable organizations, The Doctor's Dilemma, a keen-eyed examination of medical morals and malpractice, and Heartbreak House, which exposes the spiritual bankruptcy of the generation responsible for the bloodshed of World War I. John A. Bertolini is Ellis Professor of the Liberal Arts at Middlebury College, where he teaches dramatic literature, Shakespeare, and film. He has written The Playwrighting Self of Bernard Shaw and articles on Hitchcock, and British and American dramatists. Bertolini also wrote the introduction and notes to the Barnes & Noble Classics edition of Shaw's Man and Superman and Three Other Plays.
 id : 242956 ISBN : 1593080581  | name : The Idiot  |  description : In an attempt to woo two wholesome women--Natasya and Aglaia--the lovesick Prince Myshkin's good deeds are overshadowed by Ganya, the dishonest man of interest to the women, in this volume that includes an introduction and notes.
 id : 242957 ISBN : 0070066426  | name : Going Solo  |  description : "Going Solo" shows readers how to take their specialized knowledge--gathered from a job, career, education or life experiences--and turn it into a profitable, thriving business. Illustrations.
 id : 242958 ISBN : 089106141X  | name : Heart & Soul Career Tune-up  |  description : This third book in the authors' popular Heart and Soul career series captures the seven most essential steps one can take to redefine a career, further a goal, and achieve the long-lasting happiness work can bring.
 id : 242959 ISBN : 0385420188  | name : Leadership Jazz  |  description : De Pree's 1989 bestseller Leadership Is an Art revolutionized the leader's task, changing it from a discipline--a science--to an art. His new book is even braver and tougher, exactly defining the art of leadership and explaining what it requires of the leader.
 id : 242960 ISBN : 1558503951  | name : Breakthrough Business Meetings  |  description : Thousands of hours are wasted by American businesses each year in unproductive meetings. This definitive guide helps solve this problem by introducing a series of innovative new techniques for managing meetings and keeping them focused, productive, and efficient.
 id : 242961 ISBN : 0471617156  | name : Mind of a Manager Soul of a Leader  |  description : Forty-nine short chapters which seek to provide innovative ways to thinking about management/leadership environments in organizations.
 id : 242963 ISBN : 0671871072  | name : The Monster Under the Bed  |  description : Explains how the knowledge-for-profit mega-industry dominates education and is redefining learning in both the public and private sectors
 id : 242964 ISBN : 0345298810  | name : The Tolkien Reader  |  description : An invitation to Tolkien's world. This rich treasury includes Tolkien's most beloved short fiction plus his essay on fantasy. FARMER GILES OF HAM. An imaginative history of the distant and marvelous past that introduces the rather unheroic Farmer Giles, whose efforts to capture a somewhat untrustworthy dragon will delight readers everywhere. THE ADVENTURES OF TOM BOMBADIL. A collection of verse in praise of Tom Bombadil, that staunch friend of the Hobbits in THE LORD OF THE RINGS. ON FAIRY-STORIES. Professor Tolkien's now-famous essy on the form of the fairy story and the treatment of fantasy. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 242966 ISBN : 0380720116  | name : When the Road Ends  |  description : Adam, Mary Jack, and Jane are foster children in the home of a minister, and Mary Jack is determined that they become "the absolutely perfect family." By the author of The Rain Catchers. Reprint.
 id : 242970 ISBN : 0810932121  | name : Dancing  |  description : This companion volume to an eight-part television series explores dance traditions in cultures around the world.
 id : 242972 ISBN : 0949128333  | name : Easy Thai-style Cookery  |  description : The Australian Women's Weekly cookbooks recipes are for today's food, they are quick and simple, and each recipe has been triple-tested. The Standard Format series offers recipes for entertaining and everyday use.
 id : 242973 ISBN : 2290319759  | name : L'hippopotame  |  description : Poète déchu, critique dramatique acariâtre, vieux libidineux aigri confit de misanthropie, Ted Wallace est un inébranlable rationaliste et un ennemi tonitruant des bonnes manières. Alors qu'il vient de se faire mettre à la porte du journal pour lequel il écrit, il se voit investi d'une mission secrète par sa très charmante filleule Jane : soulever le mystère de Swafford Hall, demeure du richissime lord Logan. David, le fils de la maison, détient-il réellement le pouvoir de guérir les gens ? Armé de flair, d'esprit critique aiguisé et de whisky, Ted Wallace va arpenter le château à la recherche de la vérité. Un roman où humour et sarcasme bousculent l'intrigue.
 id : 242974 ISBN : 0810946343  | name : The Most Beautiful Libraries in the World  |  description : Now, for the first time, an internationally renowned photographer takes the reader on a journey to more than 20 of the most historic of these magical places, all architectural treasures. Included are national, scholarly, and religious libraries from 12 countries.
 id : 242975 ISBN : 0793185963  | name : What No One Ever Tells You about Starting Your Own Business  |  description : An updated picture of the trials and triumphs of today's entrepreneur increase the company's bottom line. Starting a business involves inevitable ups and downs, for first-time as well as experienced entrepreneurs. This updated, expanded edition by Jan Norman, one of the nation's foremost small business authorities, guides readers through every stage of business start-up, from planning to marketing. What No One Ever Tells You about Starting Your Own Business is designed for people who are launching a business, whether they be first-time entrepreneurs or people who have been tripped up by the start-up process before and want to do it right this time. Using the real-life experiences of 101 successful business owners, Norman combines practical, straightforward how-to advice with interesting and memorable narratives. The updated second edition includes: * Thirty new start-up stories from successful entrepreneurs. * All-new advice about how to make maximum use of the Internet. * An expanded resources section with helpful information about start-up assistance. * Detailed how-to tips about writing business plans, selecting the right business, what financial records to keep, and more. The eye-opening lessons from successful business owners who learned the hard way are akin to hiring a personal entrepreneurial coach to point out potential roadblocks in advance.
 id : 242977 ISBN : 1551803542  | name : Start & Run a Coffee Bar  |  description : "Coffee bars are springing up on every street corner. Now you too can start and run one of today's most popular and profitable business ventures. If you enjoy meeting people and love coffee, this may be the business for you"--Back cover
 id : 242978 ISBN : 1570671672  | name : Low-carb Vegetarian  |  description : Great tasting, easy to make low carb recipes without meat or cholesterol.
 id : 242979 ISBN : 0060521570  | name : The Girl's Guide to Starting Your Own Business  |  description : “This fun and informative book shows aspiring young women how to build their own businesses from the ground up...and stand as tall as a Manhattan highrise.” —Barbara Corcoran, author of If You Don’t Have Large Breasts Wear Ribbons in Your Pigtails “This book will do for business what The Joy of Cooking did for the culinary world.” —Ella Brennan, owner, Commander's Palace The Girl’s Guide to Starting Your Own Business is a must-read guide for any woman who wants to ditch the cubicle and join the growing ranks of aspiring female entrepreneurs. Revised and updated to reflect a post–financial crisis and Twitter world, this essential business handbook by Caitlin Friedman and Kimberly Yorio offers candid advice, frank talk, and true stories that will help every woman with a great business plan achieve her dream.
 id : 242980 ISBN : 1592530192  | name : Artists' Journals and Sketchbooks  |  description : Describes techniques on creating personal pages using a variety of materials, including fabric, found objects, memorabilia, and fibers.
 id : 242986 ISBN : 0395985374  | name : Secret War in Shanghai  |  description : The story of wartime Shanghai unveils the savage political intrigue, diplomatic maneuvering, and sometimes deadly espionage that defined this city at the height of World War II, as foreign representatives converged on the city with its promise of cheap living and excitement. Tour.
 id : 242987 ISBN : 0844284807  | name : NTC's Dictionary of China's Cultural Code Words  |  description : Deals with 300 Chinese expression that hold the key to a real understanding of Chinese culture. Reveals the significance of these `code words' and explains how they should be used and responded to.
 id : 242989 ISBN : 0804818819  | name : Chinese Eunuchs  |  description : This book traces the history of eunuchism from its very early days until November 5, 1924, when the system was finally banned and hundreds of eunuchs, "crying pitifully in high-pitched, feminine voices," were expelled from Tzu Chin Palace, thus ending a system that had endured over 2, 000 years and through 25 dynasties.
 id : 242992 ISBN : 3498068709  | name : Rabbit in Ruhe  |  description : Ex-Baskettball-Star Harry Angstrom - inzwischen 55 und dick geworden - steuert in der eigenen Familie auf eine Katastrophe zu. - Abschliessender Band der Rabbit-Tetralogie.
 id : 242994 ISBN : 1841192953  | name : Cause of Death  |  description : Geoffrey Garrett was for over 40 years a Home Office pathologist. This volume presents his personal memoirs and chronicles many of his infamous, unusual and heartbreaking cases together with a history of his professional life, giving a unique insight into a pathologist's work. It also includes a no-holds-barred account of the basic methodology of a post-mortem examination.
 id : 242995 ISBN : 0811818608  | name : Cooking to Beat the Clock  |  description : Busy professionals and harried parents don't have time after a long day to spend an hour preparing dinner, but no one wants to settle for cold pizza or cheese sandwiches everyday either. How does Provencal Mushroom Ragout over Polenta sound? Or Pork Medallions with Cider and Mashed Sweet Potatoes? In 15 minutes? Including the time it takes to chop the vegetables! James Beard Award-winning food journalist Sam Gugino has devised a host of secret strategies for getting organized so cooking dinner is quick and painless. He approaches the overall kitchen scene with four key principles in mind: flavor, organization, focus, and creativity. To this he adds clever time-saving techniques that drastically cut the preparation time for a meal-sized entrZe serving two or four. In all, Cooking to Beat the Clock offers an entirely new way of thinking about any recipe, and just may change the way you cook. It's amazing but truea delicious dinner can be ready in 15 minutes, start to finish!
 id : 242996 ISBN : 0932870791  | name : Act Well Your Part  |  description : Lonely and unhappy in his new high school, Keith joins the drama club where he meets the good-looking Bran and falls in love.
 id : 243000 ISBN : 0440414059  | name : Ruthie's Gift  |  description : A NOVEL SET IN 1916 ABOUT AN 8 YEAR OLD GIRL WHO HAS FIVE LIVING BROTHERS BUT WANTS A GIRL FRIEND.
 id : 243004 ISBN : 0743204247  | name : The Empty Chair  |  description : When the North Carolina police ask wheelchair-bound criminologist Lincoln Rhyme to help out with two local kidnapping cases, he has no idea that the kidnapper will come between him and everything he holds dear, especially his protegee and love, Amelia Sachs.
 id : 243005 ISBN : 0060277327  | name : Ruby Holler  |  description : From Sharon Creech, the Newbery Medal winning author of Walk Two Moons, comes a heartwarming adventure about finding family, and a home, when you least expect it. Ruby Holler is a Carnegie Medal-winning novel, and with its quirky protagonists and exciting journey, captures the imaginations of readers of all ages. Brother and sister Dallas and Florida are the “trouble twins.” In their short thirteen years, they’ve passed through countless foster homes, only to return to their dreary orphanage, Boxton Creek Home. Run by the Trepids, a greedy and strict couple, Boxton Creek seems impossible to escape. When Mr. Trepid informs the twins that they’ll be helping old Tiller and Sairy Morey go on separate adventures, Dallas and Florida are suspicious. As the twins adjust to the natural beauty of the outdoors, help the Tillers prepare for their adventures, and foil a robbery, their ultimate search for freedom leads them home to Ruby Holler.
 id : 243006 ISBN : 0528840509  | name : All about Bicycling  |  description : Using state-of-the-art digital cartography, this atlas provides comprehensive coverage of the US, Canada and Mexico, with more than 380 easy-to-use state, province and country maps, more than 280 city maps, mileages and driving times.
 id : 243008 ISBN : 0471178926  | name : Adversity Quotient  |  description : Praise for Adversity Quotient. "With AQ, Paul Stoltz has done something remarkable: He synthesizes some of the most important information on how we influence our own future and then offers a profound set of observations which teaches us how to thrive in a fast-changing world!"-Joel Barker, President, Infinity, LTD, author of Paradigm Shift. "Adversity Quotient will show that you have more control over events than you think. The key is changing your beliefs. Believe it or not, that can usually be done in One Minute." -Ken Blanchard, co-author, The One Minute Manager. "Paul Stoltz's AQ explains why some people, teams, organizations, and societies fail or quit, and how others in the situation persevere and succeed. With this book, anyone or or organization can learn to reroute their AQ and hardwire their brain for success." -Daniel Burrus, author, Technotrends. "AQ is one of the more important concepts of our time. Paul Stoltz's book provides the direction and tools necessary for putting this idea into practice. It is a must read for anyone interested in personal mastery, leadership effectiveness and/or organizational productivity." -Jim Ericson, Program Director, The Masters Forum.
 id : 243010 ISBN : 0878332065  | name : Back on Top  |  description : This lively, ambitious account of Michigan's 1997 national championship puts the season into historical perpective. It plumbs deep into the events and personalities, both past and present, that were responsible for the Wolverines' first national title in five decades.
 id : 243011 ISBN : 0787946583  | name : Leadership A to Z  |  description : Pragmatically focused on the actions that one can take, this unique work delivers ninety-one pithy lessons in the fine art of leadership. Author James O'Toole packs thirty years of leadership coaching experience into a one-of-a-kind guide you can reference for expert advice on how to become a superior leader. The one- to two-page sections are alphabetically arranged for easy reference and address such topics as getting started, communication, delegation, trust, and vision. Throughout, O'Toole invests his lessons with examples of great leaders in action to show readers precisely what to do to accomplish the same goals. It's like having your own personal leadership coach in book form.
 id : 243012 ISBN : 1559501065  | name : Secrets of a Super Hacker  |  description : Provides step-by-step instructions for entering supposedly secure computer systems, along with a summary of the laws covering this generally illegal activity and an explanation of the role of hackers in maintaining computer security
 id : 243013 ISBN : 1881548570  | name : I Hate Michigan State  |  description : Bet you never knew there were so many reasons to hate MICHIGAN STATE! You will laugh out loud as Paul Finebaum goes down the list...
 id : 243014 ISBN : 0448015412  | name : Cartooning the Head & Figure  |  description : Tried and proven methods to teach everyone, regardless of age, the art of cartooning.
 id : 243015 ISBN : 1887374108  | name : A Field Guide to Hot Sauces  |  description : This tasting tour of hot sauces reviews each sauce's flavor, lists its ingredients, scores its heat level, and adds the author's personal assessment. Kaderabek serves up a light-hearted evaluation of more than 100 sauces. Lush, color-mad drawings of each sauce help make this little guide a must-have for any hot food lover.
 id : 243016 ISBN : 0793828015  | name : A New Owner's Guide to Chihuahuas  |  description : History and Origin of the Chihuahua -- Characteristics of the Chihuahua -- Selecting the Right Chihuahua for You -- Standard for the Chihuahua -- Caring for Your Chihuahua -- Housebreaking and Training Your Chihuahua -- Sport of Purebred Dogs -- Health Care -- Dental Care for Your Dog's Life -- Traveling with Your Dog -- Identification and Finding the Lost Dog -- Behavior and Canine Communication -- Suggested Reading.
 id : 243018 ISBN : 0684819627  | name : The X Files  |  description : Volume 1 of the series explores the phenomena featured in the TV series, The X-Files. It includes the themes of alien abduction, voodoo, vampires, spontaneous human combustion, genetic mysteries, ghosts, reincarnation and freaks of nature.
 id : 243019 ISBN : 039438623X  | name : Adolescence  |  description : "Adolescence," 8th edition by Laurence Steinberg has been thoroughly updated to reflect current findings in the field of adolescent development. In this edition, the author continues to utilize the effective combination of a friendly writing style, thorough research and a contextual approach that emphasizes adolescence in contemporary society. The text's careful organization ensures maximum teaching flexibility that allows the chapters to work together or be covered in sequence or stand alone. Ethnicity and minority issues are thoroughly discussed in a way that enables students to see how the adolescent experience is shaped by class and culture. The strong pedagogical framework helps students organize and integrate material. "Adolescence," 8th edition, is based on solid research and theory, yet it has a distinctively " real world" feel that emphasizes the reality of being an adolescent in today's society.
 id : 243020 ISBN : 1568953186  | name : The Messiah Stones  |  description : A tale both suspenseful and spiritual, The Messiah Stones offers a gripping mystery that explores the question of why we believe what we believe and what it would take to turn those beliefs inside out. Professor John McGowan has never been a particularly spiritual man. He is shocked when his long-missing father bequeaths him an extraordinary secret... a secret that will utterly change the lives of everyone who knows it... a secret announcing the coming of the world's savior at the end of our millennium.
 id : 243026 ISBN : 0553180479  | name : The Plains of Passage  |  description : Ayla and her companion Jondalar set out on their most dangerous journey, traveling away from the safety of the Mammoth Hunters and into the unknown, encountering friends and enemies along the way
 id : 243028 ISBN : 0874069009  | name : The Lemonade War  |  description : In order to buy the latest video game Julie and Pam decide to sell lemonade but things don't turn out as they planned.
 id : 243031 ISBN : 0590462660  | name : The Key to the Playhouse  |  description : Alice Ann and Megan come up with all kinds of schemes to keep clumsy Cissie out of their playhouse, never realizing the consequences of their thoughtlessness and cruelty. Reprint.
 id : 243032 ISBN : 0395764777  | name : Following My Own Footsteps  |  description : In 1945, Gordy's grandmother takes him and his family into her North Carolina home after his abusive father is arrested, and he just begins to respond to his grandmother's loving discipline when his father returns.
 id : 243033 ISBN : 0966712803  | name : Searching for Blanche  |  description : Based on Tennessee Williams', A Streetcar Named Desire, a disturbed woman, accompanied by a grumpy cab driver, sets out to find Blanche DeBois. As they search widens beyond the boundaries of New Orleans, their ride not only changes their own lives but the lives of everyone they meet. A Southern novel in the truest sense, Searching for Blanche promises to enlighten the mind and warm the heart.
 id : 243034 ISBN : 0749934158  | name : Can't Buy Me Love  |  description : Tess and Max have lost everything. Well, everything that mattered to them. They've had to move out of their large detached house in an affluent, horribly fertile area dubbed by style journalists as Nappy Valley. They've had to take their daughter out of private school. They've had to close the organic deli and cafe that they had borrowed a small fortune to open. And they've had to do all this in fourteen days because Max had not told Tess that they were in trouble until the final demands finally arrived. With their car repossessed and their house rented out, they're forced to move to a rented flat in an adjoining area known to smug Nappy Valley residents as Crappy Valley. Worse, they have to get real jobs when they're pretty much unqualified to do anything remotely practical. 'Money doesn't matter', their friends all say. But money changes everything including friendships. And while their old neighbours are still busy having lifestyles, Tess and Max just want to get a life. Still when you've hit rock bottom, the only way is up isn't it?
 id : 243035 ISBN : 0880706929  | name : Love for a Lifetime  |  description : In a society that reports more and more divorces and unhappy marriages, it's becoming increasingly difficult for men and women to stand strong. Yet you can build a stable relationship that will with stand the storms of life. All it takes is the desire to do so..and solid, biblical counsel.
 id : 243036 ISBN : 0553116401  | name : Something for Joey  |  description : True-life story of pro-football star John Cappelletti and his younger brother Joey, stricken with leukemia.
 id : 243038 ISBN : 0385424078  | name : Saint Bobby and the Barbarians  |  description : Looks at the 1991 season of the Florida State Seminoles, and describes the impact of college football on the lives of its coaches and players
 id : 243041 ISBN : 1588515257  | name : Seasons of My Life  |  description : "No! It can't be!" the author blurted as she felt the lump while showering one summer morning. "Why me? Why now?" Seasons of My Life is a personal, humanistic journaling of an ordinary, active, healthy woman as she found herself suddenly coping with a life-threatening disease.
 id : 243043 ISBN : 0553273566  | name : Hurricane!  |  description : You, the reader, are asked by the evil Dr. Hurricane to help him attack the world's cities. How can you save the world from destruction? You decide what to do.
 id : 243044 ISBN : 0446604720  | name : A Love Divine  |  description : Joseph of Arimathea is the man who gave his own tomb to the crucified Jesus of Nazareth. He is a mysterious figure about whom little is known. In the tradition of "The Robe" and "Ben Hur", Alexandra Ripley, the author who brought Margaret Mitchell's Scarlett O'Hara back to millions of readers worldwide, has written an extraordinary new epic depicting another unforgettable character. National ads/media.
 id : 243045 ISBN : 0439128358  | name : Jack and the Beanstalk  |  description : Wishbone must face a big, scary school custodian, which reminds him of a boy named Jack who had a close encounter with a real giant!
 id : 243046 ISBN : 0752825402  | name : Barking!  |  description : Stuart Roberts is a mild-mannered, shy accountant suffering from nightmares in which he remembers committing a violent murder (possibly two) and wants to know if they really happened. Grace doesn't want to take the case on the grounds that murders tend to mean there's someone who is prepared to kill around and she'd rather pass - thanks very much. However, these are killings with a difference: they took place nearly thirty years before Stuart was born. During his dreams Stuart becomes 'Joe' and has vivid recollections of life as a hop farmer's son, a world Stuart swears he knows absolutely nothing about. Despite her scepticism Grace has never been able to resist the lure of an unlimited expense account, so she takes the job. And then discovers that her client isn't quite what he appears to be ...
 id : 243047 ISBN : 0786864893  | name : Don't Sweat the Small Stuff with Your Family  |  description : Simple Ways to Keep Daily responsibilties and Household Chaos from Taking over your Life.
 id : 243048 ISBN : 0590409786  | name : Winter of the Owl  |  description : Thirteen-year-old Janey learns some important lessons about friendship, prejudice, and the real nature of independence when she attempts to train a yearling colt and claim him for her own.
 id : 243049 ISBN : 0785273492  | name : A Hero in Every Heart  |  description : Once in a while a person touches our lives with words and actions so special that they change us forever. These are the people who extend our vision and inspire us to higher levels of personal achievement. they are our heros. For centuries we've used the exemplary lives of heroes to teach us the benefits of persistence and commitment. And with today's creeping cynicism and irreverence, the model of the hero becomes more important than ever.
 id : 243052 ISBN : 0312935544  | name : The 9/11 Report  |  description : With Reporting and Analysis by the New York Times What happened on 9/11 and how? Have we learned any lessons? Are we safer now? The questions every American wants answered. Since September 11, 2001, Americans have wondered how the tragic events of that day could have occurred. This is the complete report of the circumstances surrounding the attacts, including: *Al Qaeda and the organization of the 9/11 attack *Intelligence collection, analysis, and management *International counterterrorism policy*The inner workings of terrorist financing *The security of American borders *Law enforcement inside the U.S. *Commercial aviation and transportation safety* Personal interviews with Presidents Clinton and Bush on their roles Supplemented with analysis and reporting by The New York Times, this edition of The 9/11 Report also makes recommendations as to how to prevent terrorist attacks in the future.
 id : 243053 ISBN : 0373116616  | name : Contract to Love  |  description : Contract To Love by Kate Proctor released on Apr 22, 1994 is available now for purchase.
 id : 243054 ISBN : 0373033036  | name : Baby Makes Three  |  description : Baby Makes Three by Emma Goldrick released on Jan 25, 1994 is available now for purchase.
 id : 243056 ISBN : 0380756099  | name : Swann Song  |  description : Rejected by a boy who used her and alienated from her long-time friends, Mary Tess buries herself in writing her novel until a final disappointment leads to tragedy.
 id : 243058 ISBN : 0373117094  | name : Wildfire  |  description : Wildfire by Sandra Field released on Oct 25, 1994 is available now for purchase.
 id : 243059 ISBN : 0373190336  | name : Oh, Baby!  |  description : Oh, Baby! by Lauryn Chandler released on Jul 25, 1994 is available now for purchase.
 id : 243060 ISBN : 0373115962  | name : Cry Wolf  |  description : Cry Wolf by Amanda Carpenter released on Aug 25, 1993 is available now for purchase.
 id : 243061 ISBN : 0373033303  | name : An Impossible Kind of Man  |  description : An Impossible Kind Of Man by Kay Gregory released on Jul 25, 1994 is available now for purchase.
 id : 243062 ISBN : 0971890102  | name : Holy Moly Mackeroly  |  description : The story of how a craft hobby starting with three rubber stamps developed into a growing art business. A self-taught artist and her friends share real-life experiences honest and inspirational.
 id : 243063 ISBN : 0743435206  | name : Changer of Worlds  |  description : Decades of defending Manticore leaves Honor Harrington affecting a lot of lives--and their actions affect her as she learns when a desperate battle against "pirates" who aren't what they seem begins her brilliant career. A secret that the treecats have kept from their human friends for centuries is about to come out--and change the relationship between the two species forever.
 id : 243064 ISBN : 0449140105  | name : The Secret Ways  |  description : British secret agent, sent to rescue a scientist from Hungarian Communists, finds himself in danger.
 id : 243065 ISBN : 1556982186  | name : The Doctor and the Enterprise  |  description : After Dr. Who accidentally lands on the Enterprise things get confused, with several scenarios mingling
 id : 243066 ISBN : 0671698710  | name : Empire of the East  |  description : In a world of the future, where only the barest shreds of science and technology remain, sorcery and magic are ways of life
 id : 243067 ISBN : 1574717685  | name : Working with Words  |  description : Provides activities and materials designed to reinforce language skills.
 id : 243068 ISBN : 0877851751  | name : A Book about Dying  |  description : This inspirational book affirms that the death of the body is a significant stage in our existence. Using the unique Swedenborgian perspective about the afterlife, Robert H. Kirven, a noted Swedenborgian scholar, writes of the spiritual experiences of the dying and the pain of the survivors.
 id : 243069 ISBN : 0877853932  | name : Comprehending Coincidence  |  description : Coincidences in daily events can give us messages that we can use to direct our path in life. So asserts author Craig Bell, who uses the systems of symbols underlying both coincidences and dreams to develop a system for personal growth.
 id : 243070 ISBN : 0877853924  | name : Heaven in a Wild Flower  |  description : Sharing reminiscences of how her garden has sustained her, Glenn reveals what the cycles of nature can teach us about our own nature. The book's title - taken from William Blake, "To see a world in a grain of sand / And Heaven in a Wild Flower" - refers to the sacred peace, love, and wisdom available to every spiritual seeker in tending a garden.
 id : 243072 ISBN : 006105433X  | name : Arthur, King  |  description : Seeking to regain the sword Excalibur from Mordred, who has traveled into a time of war and demons using Merlin's book of spells, King Arthur must pursue his bastard son in a future world where he is not recognized. Original.
 id : 243074 ISBN : 0802774962  | name : Susan Butcher and the Iditarod Trail  |  description : Describes the annual dog sled race from Anchorage to Nome, Alaska, and the life of the woman who was the first person to win it for three consecutive years.
 id : 243075 ISBN : 0915943751  | name : Gildaen  |  description : Having lost his memory, a boy with magical powers teams up with the rabbit Gildaen to search for his true identity.
 id : 243076 ISBN : 0943233380  | name : How Your Child Is Smart  |  description : Not all children learn the same way. This book explains the six patterns of learning and teaches parents how to identify their child's pattern so they can help them think, learn, and communicate to the best of their ability. The book also provides specific guidelines to enhance communication with children of each pattern.
 id : 243077 ISBN : 0595216145  | name : Kat Mandu's Holistic Advertising Agency  |  description : Cooper James is not into tai chi, tarot or transactional analysis. She’s into traveling—or thought she was. On the final leg of an around-the-world trip, she finds herself on the island of Maui and nearly loses what she once thought of as her sanity. Her plans for staying in a cheap motel and lying on the beach are abruptly waylaid when she becomes nanny of three free-spirited kids, the guardian of an Esoteric Cat, and the target of new-age therapists who want to Shift her Energy. This was not what she had in mind for the grand finale of her years of independent travel. Determined to make her own way (it might look a lot like rebellion to the untrained eye), she changes her name to Kat Mandu and opens her own business—The Holistic Advertising Agency. She imparts otherworldly wisdom to her clients based on Coffee-Ground Readings, Uno Card Spreads, and the psychic channelings from the Queen of Cats, Cleopatra. Finally, she has found what she never knew she was looking for: a soapbox on which to stand, a mighty sword to release her from the bonds of mediocrity: Holistic Advertising (HA)—a recently made-up ancient tradition.
 id : 243079 ISBN : 1864500328  | name : Watching Wildlife Australia  |  description : Ecotourism is booming. From the Serengeti to the Great Barrier Reef, travellers the world over want to see wildlife in its natural habitat. With this in mind, Lonely Planet has put together an innovative series focusing on wildlife viewing. Each guide contains detailed maps to top wildlife-watching destinations, expert advice on viewing techniques, and a gallery of colour photographs profiling local animals. Required reading for anyone going on a two-day outing or a two-month safari.
 id : 243080 ISBN : 1843542374  | name : The Pits  |  description : From Melbourne to Monza, 'The Pits' humanizes the mechanized world of elite motor racing, revealing the reality behind the stories that make the headlines. It depicts the full throttle experience of watching the race from the pit lane.
 id : 243082 ISBN : 0451521935  | name : The Prince and the Pauper  |  description : Set in sixteenth-century England, Mark Twain's classic "tale for young people of all ages" features two identical-looking boys--a prince and a pauper--who trade clothes and step into each other's lives. While the urchin, Tom Canty, discovers luxury and power, Prince Edward, dressed in rags, roams his kingdom and experiences the cruelties inflicted on the poor by the Tudor monarchy. As Christopher Paul Curtis observes in his Introduction, "The Prince and the Pauper" is "funny, adventurous, and exciting, yet also chock-full of . . . exquisitely reasoned harangues against society's ills." This Modern Library Paperback Classic is set from the Mark Twain Project edition, which is the approved text of the Center for Scholarly Editions of the Modern Language Association.
 id : 243085 ISBN : 0785260463  | name : Breaking the Da Vinci Code  |  description : A critique of the bestselling novel "The da Vinci Code" examines various elements of the story to separate fictitious literary creations from historical facts of Christianity.
 id : 243087 ISBN : 0716730499  | name : The DNA Mystique  |  description : Nelkin and Lindee analyze the striking presence of genetic images in popular culture, where DNA has been touted as an explanation for personality, a source of crime, and the cause of individual success or failure.
 id : 243088 ISBN : 1591163293  | name : Hana-Kimi, Vol. 1  |  description : Japanese-American track-and-field star Mizuki has gotten herself a transfer to a high school in Japan...but not just any school! To be close to her idol, high jumper Izumi Sano, she's going to an all-boys' high school...and disguising herself as a boy! But as fate would have it, they're more than classmates...they're roommates! Now, Mizuki must keep her secret in the classroom, the locker room, and her own bedroom. And her classmates - and the school nurse - must cope with a new transfer student who may make them question their own orientation...
 id : 243089 ISBN : 0764504193  | name : UNIX For Dummies  |  description : UNIX has been evolving feverishly for close to 30 years, sort of like bacteria in a cesspool – only not as attractive. As a result, many different varieties of UNIX have existed along the way. Although they all share numerous characteristics, they differ just enough that even experienced users are tripped up by the differences between versions. If you’re like most UNIX users, a zealot stopped at your desk, connected your terminal or workstation, gave you five minutes of incomprehensible advice, demonstrated a few bizarre games (like roaches that hide behind the work on your screen), and disappeared. Now you’re on your own. Don’t worry. UNIX For Dummies, 4th Edition, cuts through all the technojargon lurking in the UNIX command jungle to deliver clear instructions just how and when you need them. This indispensable reference includes sections on Typing commands Copying, renaming, and deleting files Printing files Finding where your file went Using the Internet from UNIX Connecting and communicating with people on other computers Discover how to get your UNIX system's attention, persuade it that you are allowed to use it, and even accomplish something useful as you find out how to Choose the right flavor of UNIX for you Set up and operate UNIX terminals Manage files, directories, and printing Use the Common Desktop Environment and other window systems Browse the Web, send and receive e-mail, and read Usenet newsgroups Deal with all the major versions of UNIX, including Berkeley UNIX, Solaris, and SunOS Troubleshoot and solve common problems The expert writing team of John Levin and Margaret Levin Young also give you a look at the latest developments with Linux, the wildly popular, completely free version of UNIX – all in a single volume designed to put you in command with a computer system that can be tamed.
 id : 243090 ISBN : 067172827X  | name : Wilderness  |  description : When Alice White--a recluse who becomes a wolf at every full moon--falls in love with a married wildlife biologist, the two must resolve the conflict between the animal and the spiritual
 id : 243091 ISBN : 156025551X  | name : Mommy's Little Girl  |  description : The author--one of the harbingers of the sexual revolution--shares her thoughts on a variety of culturally risque topics in twelve essays she has written since her now twelve-year-old daughter was born, including her thoughts on the over-sexualization of girls and her role as lesbian consultant to The Matrix. Original.
 id : 243092 ISBN : 1932595023  | name : 50 Reasons Not to Vote for Bush  |  description : Here are 50 witty, extravagantly sourced and take no prisoners style reasons why Americans need to take back America from the corrupt menace currently occupying the White House. Written by Konformist.com's webmaster Robert Sterling, with contributions, both visual and textual, from Russ Kick, Sam Smith, Greg Palast and Robbie Conal.
 id : 243094 ISBN : 0702220477  | name : The Soldier's Story  |  description : First published in 1986. Controversial reconstruction of the battle at Xa Long Tan by a Vietnam War veteran who took part in the fight. Includes the sequel volume, 'A Soldier Returns' telling of his return to the battlefield 25 years later. The author's other publications include ''Vietnam: The Australian Dilemma'.
 id : 243095 ISBN : 1414024592  | name : You've Got Fe-Mail!  |  description : Once upon a time, there was a lesbian named Kristin who wanted nothing more than to find her true love. After several broken relationships she turned towards the internet. This book is a diary of a lesbian who posted an online ad, then added her photo and then the courting began! This book documents the correspondences between women via e-mail, instant messenger, text messaging, exchanging photos, online dating-receiving and responding to ads, going on actual dates and ex's coming in and out of the experience. Can one find true love through online dating? Is the internet a tool that links cyber love with physical love? Creating an everlasting relationship? This is a diary of a lesbian searching for true love. A girl who would not settle for less, documented it and shared the experience with the world. Does she find her true love or not?
 id : 243097 ISBN : 0826141625  | name : Grief Counseling and Grief Therapy  |  description : cs.fmly_consm_scs.dth_dyng
 id : 243098 ISBN : 3442450845  | name : Wer mit dem Feuer spielt  |  description : Ryan, beliebter Schüler eines katholischen Gymnasiums im Norden Grossbritanniens, wird verbrannt in einem Abbruchhaus aufgefunden. Seine Lehrerin Geri will nicht an einen Drogenrausch glauben und stellt eigene Nachforschungen an, die sie in grosse Gefahr bringen.
 id : 243099 ISBN : 1587172577  | name : The Alchemist's Cat  |  description : Animal fantasy. Sorcery, villainy, murder. 10 yrs+
 id : 243101 ISBN : 0140162054  | name : Up the Junction  |  description : Nell Dunn's scenes of London life, as it was lived in the early Sixties in the industrial slums of Battersea, have few parallels in contemporary writing. The exuberant, uninhibited, disparate world she found in the tired old streets and under the railway arches is recaptured in these closely linked sketches; and the result is pure alchemy. In the space of 120 perfect pages, we witness clip-joint hustles, petty thieving, candid sexual encounters, casual birth and casual death. She has a superb gift for capturing colloquial speech and the characters observed in these pages convey that caustic, ironic, and compassionate feeling for life, in which a turn of phrase frequently contains startling flashes of poetry. Battersea, that teeming wasteland of brick south of the Thames, has found its poet in Nell Dunn and Up the Junction is her touchingly truthful and timeless testimonial to it. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 243102 ISBN : 3406376401  | name : Hitler  |  description : Breit angelegte Biographie des Diktators (1889-1945) auf dem neuesten Stand der Forschung, die auch jüngste Quellenfunde miteinbezieht.
 id : 243104 ISBN : 1857270967  | name : Lesbian Looks  |  description : Witty, provocative, poignant, documentary and stunning, this collection of forty-two postcards is a visual record of lesbian politics, culture and lifestyles in the nineties.
 id : 243105 ISBN : 1565123379  | name : The Earth Moved  |  description : Explores the impact earthworms have on the ecosystem, discussing how they improve soil, fight plant diseases, clean up pollution, and turn ordinary dirt into fertile land.
 id : 243108 ISBN : 0966635272  | name : The Fun Seeker's North America  |  description : The predecessor to Pulse Guides' popular, ground-breaking Night+Day series, Fun Seeker's guides lead fun-loving, adventure-seeking travelers to the best hotels, restaurants, attractions, and nightlife around the world. Inside every Fun Seeker's guide is the best of the best: "The Perfect City," listing the best of the best in 33 categories, complete with insider tips, along with "The Perfect Plan," spotlighting three-day itineraries and detailed recommendations for all there is to do, that will keep travelers on their toes from morning until night.
 id : 243109 ISBN : 0749324082  | name : The Silence of the Lambs  |  description : A serial murderer known only by a grotesquely apt nickname-Buffalo Bill-is stalking women. He has a purpose, but no one can fathom it, for the bodies are discovered in different states. Clarice Starling, a young trainee at the FBI Academy, is surprised to be summoned by Jack Crawford, chief of the Bureau's Behavioral Science section. Her assignment: to interview Dr. Hannibal Lecter-Hannibal the Cannibal-who is kept under close watch in the Baltimore State Hospital for the Criminally Insane. Dr. Lecter is a former psychiatrist with a grisly history, unusual tastes, and an intense curiosity about the darker corners of the mind. His intimate understanding of the killer and of Clarice herself form the core of "The Silence of the Lambs-"and ingenious, masterfully written book and an unforgettable classic of suspense fiction.
 id : 243112 ISBN : 0897212983  | name : Roses  |  description : A rose by any other name may smell as sweet--but nothing compares to these popular flowers! They come in such a wide variety of sizes and colors that, all by themselves, they can add diversity to your garden. Choose the ones that suit your taste and climate, and find out what you need to know about planting and keeping them healthy. Then...just sit back and smell the roses!
 id : 243114 ISBN : 0375760881  | name : The Three Miss Margarets  |  description : Three women named Margaret--Miss Peggy, Dr. Maggie, and Miss Li'l Bit--all icons in Charles Valley, Georgia, are bound together by a thirty-year-old secret and their clandestine, illegal efforts to right a terrible wrong, until a stranger's arrival in town, a tragic death, and a troubled young woman threaten to reveal the dark legacy of the past. Reader's Guide included. Reprint.
 id : 243115 ISBN : 0609805665  | name : Golf and the Spirit  |  description : Discusses what golf can teach about some of life's most important lessons, including how to work through anger, accept the gift of humility, and change ingrained behavior.
 id : 243116 ISBN : 0739430904  | name : An Honorable Man  |  description : After her father, a Mississippi senator, sides with the Union cause, Cameron Campbell is forced to ask Captain Jackson Logan, the one man she hates, to stand by her as she takes a dangerous stand against slavery.
 id : 243117 ISBN : 0670032042  | name : Rory & Ita  |  description : "Rory and Ita, Roddy Doyle's first non-fiction book, tells - largely in their own words - the story of his parents' lives from their first memories to the present. Born in 1923 and 1925 respectively, they met at a New Year's Eve dance in 1947 and married in 1951. They remember every detail of their Dublin childhoods - the people (aunts, cousins, shopkeepers, friends, teachers), the politics (both came from Republican families), idyllic times in the Wexford countryside for Ita, Rory's apprenticeship as a printer. Ita's mother died when she was three ('the only memory I have is of her hands, doing things'); Rory was the oldest of nine children, five of them girls."--BOOK JACKET.Title Summary field provided by Blackwell North America, Inc. All Rights Reserved
 id : 243118 ISBN : 1570715270  | name : A Thousand Paths to Tranquility  |  description : Find your peaceful space
 id : 243119 ISBN : 1572242558  | name : The 50 Best Ways to Simplify Your Life  |  description : Using practical techniques that lead to real change, the authors help readers examine their values and prioritize their goals through a series of exercises ranging from simple tasks to soul-searching.
 id : 243121 ISBN : 0670032263  | name : Land that Moves, Land that Stands Still  |  description : Set on the bleak pains east of the Black Hills of South Dakota, this remarkable novel about three women explores the nuances of place, character, grief and renewal.
 id : 243122 ISBN : 0525947108  | name : Breaking the Trust  |  description : With the insight, compassion, and life-affirming drama that have invited comparisons to Rosamunde Pilcher, Lucy Clare, author of "Hoping for Hope," gives readers another unforgettable protagonist in Clattie Palmer: mother, widow, and a woman just coming into her own. When Jack dies, he leaves behind Clattie, his wife of more than half a century, and three grown children. He also leaves a devastating secret: the child he fathered with another woman. Clattie is left to tell her children about the brother they never knew they had. As her children, Ralph, Pippa, and Hugh, struggle to adjust to the realization that they have a half-brother, Clattie finds that a new life has grown from her old one. "Breaking the Trust" is about the limiting-and liberating-bonds of familial love, which try our patience, test our courage, and arouse our deepest angers and fiercest feelings of love.
 id : 243123 ISBN : 1558747443  | name : The Promise of God  |  description : Mysterious events are happening. Five of the most powerful corporate chairmen in the world have suffered heart attacks and had the same exact vision during their near-death experiences, a word written in an arcane, ancient language they cannot identify. Cold fusion, an unlimited source of energy, has been achieved in Israel but the scientists responsible for it refuse to reveal the formula for its use. Isaac Benda Cortes, a passionate, outspoken Brazilian Cardinal who is one of the two likely candidates to succeed the elderly ailing Pope, is targeted by the drug cartel that he condemns. Cortes' passionate thirst for justice leads to a search for his own origins--a search that leads him to discover the future of Western faith. And, Grant Tyler, the head of the worlds' most powerful media network watches distraught as his beloved wife dies of cancer. What she whispers to him on her deathbed sends him spiraling through an epic odyssey that will unite all the mysterious strand of events and enlighten the world to its destiny. In David Shapiro's first work of fiction, and the first work of fiction for Simcha Press, readers will take an edge-of-their-seat journey into the religious and powerful structures of Brazil, Israel, Rome and the United States. A certain bestseller, The Promise of God is packed with suspense, mystery, romance and intrigue.
 id : 243124 ISBN : 0553108646  | name : First Evidence  |  description : From the "New York Times bestselling author of Balefire comes a chilling tale of murder, forensic detection, and vivid speculation, pitting a unique crime scene investigator against a culprit who may be unlike any this world ever spawned.... As an experienced crime scene investigator, Colin Cellars has had to contend with missing evidence before. But never has he encountered such a chaotic crime scene as the one at a remote cabin nestled in the deep woods of the Pacific Northwest--site of a reported shoot-out. Cellars cannot find a trace of perpetrator or victim. He can't even confirm there has been a murder, much less that the cabin's owner--and the presumed victim--could be his long-estranged former best friend. But something violent and inexplicable has happened, and each time he approaches the scene seeking clearer evidence, eerie occurrences confound the case further. Cellars is determined to unravel the contradictions, enlisting his closest friends to aid him. As attempts to block his investigation become increasingly vicious, Cellars realizes his life--and those of his friends--are at risk. There's far more at stake here, he's certain, than murder. Someone--something?--will stop at nothing to prevent him from discovering the truth. For the truth is not "out there"--it is locked away in Cellars's own evidence file. But it will do him no good unless he has the vision to see what it really means...before it's too late. Ken Goddard infuses his high-voltage narrative with the depth and authentic detail that only a crime scene expert can. In this riveting thriller, he takes the reader step-by-step through a forensic investigation--and straight into the terrifying heart ofthe unknown.
 id : 243126 ISBN : 0385483643  | name : I Can't Wait on God  |  description : A couple from the black ghetto in Pittsburgh decide to move to New York. First, though, they need a car so she kills her pimp for his Buick, then they go to pick up the child she abandoned years ago. A tale of ghetto life.
 id : 243127 ISBN : 0525941177  | name : Heart of War  |  description : A military murder mystery in which army lawyer Kara Guidry investigates the death of a woman officer on an army base in Georgia. She discovers the victim was having an affair with the commanding general and that the general has killed before. But nailing a man who is a candidate for chief of staff is not easy. By the author of Dress Grey.
 id : 243128 ISBN : 0698204883  | name : The Tomten and the Fox  |  description : This outstanding book by the author of Pippi Longstocking--and winner of the Hans Christian Andersen Award--has been called a "picture book of rare distinction" by the Chicago Tribune. Full color. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 243134 ISBN : 0340854693  | name : Troubled Waters  |  description : Part one begins in the late 19th Century with 12 year old urchin Jim and his sister Abbie, who make a living selling bits and bobs in the street to earn their keep a home. Then Jim is falsely accused of stealing a gold watch he is charged and sent to Australia, to the recently founded boys' penal settlement on Point Peur! Will Abbie ever see him again? Slowly she learns to fend for herself, and luckily finds work as a downstairs maid, through one of the ladies her mother sews for. Abbie is now 15, honest, and eager to take on any duty. She soon settles in with the other maids, and, like her mother is a talented needlewoman. She is soon making gowns for the young ladies of the house. Things finally seem to be on the up and when Edward, the new junior footman arrives, he and Abbie fall in love, and become engaged. Abbie seems finally to have shrugged off the past. But then Jim arrives home and Abbie is shocked by his scruffy gaunt appearance and lack of social graces. Jim's experience in Australia has clearly marked him for life. He seems angry and off the rails. When he seduces Abbie's friend, Sarah, and then marries her, Abbie fears for them. Jim is moody and unreliable and he drinks too much. Then, leaving his wife with three children to look after, Jim disappears back to Australia where he feels he can make a new life and erase the memory of the crime he never committed all those years ago. But what will become of him, and Abbie? Will news of her brothers' disgrace effect her reputation and her burgeoning career as a seamstress? Will Jim ever return to see his children . . .Interweaved with this story is a parallel account of present day Matt and his sister Kate - great-grandchildren of Abbie. Matt, a moody troubled 15year old has left home, unable to bear his overbearing stepfather any longer. Kate frantically searches for him, but when months later there is still no word, she tries to get on with her life. Will Matt get in touch again?
 id : 243135 ISBN : 0971633835  | name : Alice  |  description : Tells the story of Alice in Wonderland in comic book form.
 id : 243144 ISBN : 0449208583  | name : Above Suspicion  |  description : Shortly before World War II, Frances Myles and her husband, an Oxford don, are asked to help track down a missing British secret agent
 id : 243147 ISBN : 0809435144  | name : Landscaping  |  description : Discusses the use of landscaping tools, explains the fundamentals of landscape design, and describes how to take care of grass, trees, flowers, shrubs, and climbing plants
 id : 243148 ISBN : 1876485647  | name : Camouflage  |  description : From the Miles Franklin award-winning author Murray Bail. The brilliant title story 'Camoflauge' tells the story of Eric Banerjee, an Adelaide piano-tuner sent north to defend Australia in 1942. Accompanying it is one of Bail's masterly pieces of short fiction, 'The Seduction of my Sister'.
 id : 243149 ISBN : 0786842733  | name : Good-bye, Jasmine?  |  description : When Jasmine learns that she will be sent to an exclusive boarding school in just a few months, she and her five best friends must think fast and work a little magic to convince her parents she should stay with them in Orlando -- along with her enormous cat, Rajah.
 id : 243152 ISBN : 0571178278  | name : Scorsese on Scorsese  |  description : Martin Scorsese's challenging and often controversial films are a record of his personal achievement in modern cinema. Mean Streets, Taxi Driver, Raging Bull--these titles conjure up a world and a style of filmmaking that Scorsese has made his own. The interviews that make up this book reveal a man who, like Michael Powell and Francois Truffant, has an unbridled passion for film that is evident in every frame of his work. 85 photos.
 id : 243153 ISBN : 0701162813  | name : Esau  |  description : Mountaineer Jack Furness comes across a fossilized fragment of skull in Nepal which defies classification. With Stella, he sets off to discover other skeletons, or even living examples of the fabled yeti. What they discover has chilling consequences for Jack and Stella.
 id : 243159 ISBN : 0060523905  | name : Hungry Ghost  |  description : Carter Cox is thirty-eight, a talented but dissipated freelance photographer living in New York's East Village with his sad dog and his bad habits. Though he travels to exotic places taking pictures of models and celebrities, he yearns to do more meaningful artistic work and to mend his womanizing, substance-abusing ways. He also tries to practice what he learns from his Buddhist betters but continues to carry with him his "seduction kit" -- a chessboard, cigarettes, a deck of cards, and a Cormac McCarthy novel -- along with a plentiful supply of rationalizations for his caddish behavior. At a Buddhist retreat in upstate New York, Carter meets Mia Malone, twenty-six, beautiful, smart, and serious -- a devout Catholic interested in other religions and determined to remain a virgin until she is married. Carter falls hard, and Mia -- attracted by Carter's struggle with Buddhism, his passion for photography, and his knowledge of the world -- nervously agrees to join him on a five-night, beachfront photo shoot in Morocco. With both of their souls hanging in the balance, they quickly go from the ocean to hot water. During their romantic standoff, Carter and Mia crash their rental car, get arrested, run afoul of a sadistic gendarme, and try to flee the country -- an adventure that leads to the discovery that karma and the human heart work in very mysterious ways. With its sure pace and narrative surprises, Hungry Ghost is a serious, sexy novel about chastity and salvation, and will satisfy any reader's appetite for entertainment and literary excellence.
 id : 243160 ISBN : 0739413031  | name : Out of the Shadows  |  description : Sheriff Miranda Knight is reunited with Noah Bishop when her town is torn apart by a kidnapping, torture, and murder of several teenagers.
 id : 243162 ISBN : 0312199414  | name : Nothing to Declare  |  description : Traveling from the highland desert of northern Mexico to the steaming jungles of Honduras to the seashore of the Caribbean, Mary Morris confronts the realities of place, of poverty, of machismo, and of self. "One gutsy woman and one fantastic writer".--"Cosmopolitan".
 id : 243193 ISBN : 8481092711  | name : Obras completas  |  description : Este segundo volumen de las obras completas de Pablo Neruda recoge la producción poética del vate chileno en la etapa de creación más madura segura de sí misma, presente en 'Odas elementales' y 'Nuevas odas elementales', y de asentamiento de su expresión poética que se plasmará en obras clásicas como 'Estravagario', 'Cien sonetos de amor' o 'Memorial de Isla Negra'. El volumen está prologado por el profesor Saul Yurkievich, de la Universidad de París, y lleva una nota del editor, Hernán Loyola.
 id : 243194 ISBN : 0771010699  | name : Mind Over Murder  |  description : Now Jack Batten, well-known for his popular books about the law, has set out to shed light on DNA and other pieces of magic that are regularly worked by scientists and their allies in the forensic field - both at the scenes of crimes and, later, in the laboratories. The route he takes to investigate each piece of forensic science is by way of a particular Canadian trial, and his guides on the route are the detectives, the prosecutors and defence attorneys, and the scientists who actually worked on the cases.
 id : 243196 ISBN : 0671893122  | name : The Birthday  |  description : The reader is asked to find in the more detailed illustrations a familiar object which is presented singly on the previous page and which relates to birthdays.
 id : 243200 ISBN : 0435272594  | name : Our Mutual Friend  |  description : This is an Upper Level story in a series of ELT readers comprising a wide range of titles - some original and some simplified - from modern and classic novels, and designed to appeal to all age-groups, tastes and cultures. The books are divided into five levels: Starter Level, with about 300 basic words; Beginner Level (600 basic words); Elementary Level (1100); Intermediate Level (1600); and Upper Level (2200). Some of the titles are also available on cassette.
 id : 243201 ISBN : 0330353349  | name : The Ice House  |  description : It was evident, if there were no other entrance to the ice house, that the body had at some point traversed this thorny barrier....The big question was, how long ago? How long had that nightmare been there? The people of Streech village had never trusted the three women living up at the Grange not since Phoebe Mayburys husband suddenly, inexplicably vanished. Ten years later a corpse is discovered in the grounds and Phoebes nightmare begins. For once they have identified the body the police are determined to charge her with murder....
 id : 243202 ISBN : 0435272632  | name : The Grapes of Wrath  |  description : 'The grapes of wrath' is a portrait of the conflict between the powerful and the powerless, of one man's fierce reaction to injustice, and of one woman's stoical strength, the novel captures the horrors of the Great Depression and probes into the very nature of equality and justice in America. Although it follows the movement of thousands of men and women and the transformation of an entire nation. The book is also the story of one Oklahoma family, the Joads, who are driven off their homestead and forced to travel west to the promised land of California.
 id : 243203 ISBN : 0374513511  | name : Fully Empowered  |  description : An important collection that includes some of the Nobel Prize winner's own favorite poems. "The Sea" A single entity, but no blood. A single caress, death or a rose. The sea comes in and puts our lives together and attacks alone and spreads itself and sing sin nights and days and men and living creatures. Its essence-fire and cold; movement, movement. Pablo Neruda himself regarded Fully Empowered -- which first appeared in Spanish in 1962 under the title Plenos Poderes -- as a particular favorite, in part because it came out of a most fruitful period in his life. These thirty-six poems vary from short, intense lyrics to characteristic Neruda odes to magnificent meditations on the office of poet, including poems that would undoubtedly claim a place in any selection of Neruda's greatest work. "The People" ("El Pueblo"), about the state of the working man in Chile's past and present, and the most celebrated of Neruda's later poems, completes this reflective, graceful collection.
 id : 243204 ISBN : 0761300716  | name : The Best Holiday Crafts Ever!  |  description : Get the best from our Holiday Crafts for Kids series in this collection of 76 favorite projects. Step-by-step instructions and follow-along illustrations are presented for a whole year of holidays, including Easter, Kwanzaa, Hanukkah, Christmas, Earth Day, and Halloween.
 id : 243207 ISBN : 1883002281  | name : The Secret of the Old Well  |  description : "Hannah and Walt Parmenter are a homeschooled sister and brother whose family runs a tourist lodge on an island in Moosehead Lake, at the edge of a Maine wilderness. Adventure is the operative word when kids join Hannah and Walt in solving mysteries that often get a little more dangerous than they had planned. Christian characters issues and values are examined for the 8-12 year old. Hannah and Walt discover an old well and find themselves climbing into an ancient mystery.
 id : 243208 ISBN : 1883002265  | name : The Mysterious Stranger  |  description : Hannah spots a light in the old abandoned Sampson place, the only other house on the island.
 id : 243209 ISBN : 1883002257  | name : The Mystery of the Sunken Steamboat  |  description : Hannah learns a lesson about pride when she discovers a steamboat under the surface of Moosehead Lake that could bring her fame and riches.
 id : 243210 ISBN : 1883002249  | name : A Hound for Hannah  |  description : Between helping Mama, getting into dangerous predicaments while exploring, losing her new dog and worrying about her brother, Hannah is faced with some tough decisions.
 id : 243213 ISBN : 0393091821  | name : The Red Badge of Courage  |  description : Crane's classic novel of Henry Fleming's coming of age in the midst of battle is accompanied by interpretive commentaries.
 id : 243215 ISBN : 0439380731  | name : Dare to Draw in 3-D  |  description : Demonstrates how to draw funny 3-D imaginary creatures and backgrounds, including Fur-Blob, Lasagna Larry, and Mummy Man, and features both simple and more complex drawings.
 id : 243217 ISBN : 0449907511  | name : The Fifth and Far Finer Than the First Four 637 Best Things Anybody Ever Said  |  description : Compiles a large assortment of clever quotations and memorable one-liners arranged by such categories as Romance, Celebrities, and Money. By the author of The 1,911 Best Things Anybody Ever Said. National ad/promo.
 id : 243222 ISBN : 0880384441  | name : Badlands Run  |  description : Chance and the reader's decisions will determine whether he or she can escort Orson Whitney, an elder of the LDS Church, safely across the Arizona desert to San Francisco.
 id : 243223 ISBN : 0425098923  | name : Beyond the Nightmare Gate  |  description : Book 3 in the exciting roleplaying adventure series The World Of Lone Wolf issure to take readers farther into fascinating adventure.
 id : 243224 ISBN : 0440911265  | name : Caverns of the Snow  |  description : Science fiction.
 id : 243228 ISBN : 0440936861  | name : House of Hades  |  description : After being stranded by a downpour, the reader stumbles into a host of bloodcurdling adventures and gruesome terrors while taking refuge in the infamous House of Hades.
 id : 243229 ISBN : 0425084191  | name : The Chasm of Doom  |  description : In this book, Lone Wolf is charged by the King of Sommerlund to investigate the disappearance of a troop of cavalry. The cavalry, led by a man named Captain D'Val, themselves disappeared under mysterious circumstances while investigating a disruption in the flow of mined resources from the province of Ruanon. Lone Wolf, along with the fifty Sommlending soldiers who accompany him, must uncover the truth surrounding the missing men and stop the resurrection of an ancient and terrible evil.
 id : 243230 ISBN : 042511998X  | name : Mountain Run  |  description : Reeling under the devastation of a nuclear war and confined for years in underground colonies, a group of post-holocaust road warriors are now ready to fight for what is left of their planet
 id : 243231 ISBN : 0425110281  | name : Return to Deathwater  |  description : The reader steps into the role of hero or heroine, deciphers a mysterious poem, is whisked off to the forbidden land of Deathwater, solves the mystery of the island's name, traces a lost character, and comes face to face with the adventure's villian.
 id : 243232 ISBN : 0440985153  | name : Talisman of Death  |  description : The reader is given the task of destroying the terrible Talisman of Death before the horrific powers of the Evil One and his minions can destroy the world of Orb.
 id : 243235 ISBN : 0425109305  | name : The Dungeons of Torgar  |  description : As Lone Wolf, the reader must penetrate the Dungeons of Torgar and recover the last three Lorestones from the Darklords before the evil sorcerers succeed in finding a way to destroy them. This is the final hope for the Magnakai quest. Published in Britain by Hutchinson.
 id : 243238 ISBN : 0425117189  | name : The Masters of Darkness  |  description : Lone Wolf has returned from Daziarn to discover all his mortal enemies are poised to conquer Magnamund. His mission is to travel to the underworld of Helegedad to confront Darklord Gnagg. That is the scene, and it is up to the readers to supply the end, for only they can determine Lone Wolf's destiny.
 id : 243239 ISBN : 0425121496  | name : The Omega Zone  |  description : In a role-playing adventure set in a future world that has been devastated by the nuclear war, the reader chooses options and makes important decisions in the battle for survival that follows the holocaust.
 id : 243240 ISBN : 0425132455  | name : The Plague Lords of Ruel  |  description : A long-awaited new adventure in the bestselling role-playing series Lone Wolf. The evil Cener Druids of Ruel plan to release a plague virus--a silent killer that will bring slow and painful death--and the only one who can stop them is Lone Wolf, sole survivor of the Order of the Kai. Winner of the "Best Game Book of All Time" Award from Games Master International.
 id : 243243 ISBN : 0671317253  | name : Healthy Food For Healthy Kids  |  description : How to get your kids to eat right and enjoy it! Hear is a guide preparing healthy meals your kids will love to eat. It tells you how to teach your children healthy eating habits and shares hints and recipes tfor happy mealtimes. This practical book, written by a mom who is also a registered dietitian, offers advice on: Breastfeeding when going back to work; Shopping smart and setting up a healthy, kid-friendly kitchen; Developing healthy eating habits now that can prevent heart disease, cancer, and osteoporosis later; Managing food safety, food allergies, and vegetarian eating; Dealing with food jags and food battles; Sneakinbg veggies into your kids' meals in a way they'll love. It also provides over 100 kid-tested recipes that include complete nutrition analyses.
 id : 243244 ISBN : 0312856784  | name : Queen City Jazz  |  description : Journeying to the enlivened city of Cincinnati after her world is decimated by the nanotech plagues, Verity learns about the dark side to its utopian existence, where residents must endlessly relive a dark creator's fantasies, and vows to take over.
 id : 243246 ISBN : 1585972800  | name : By Any Other Name  |  description : Money, mystery, a deathbed confession, questions of family and racial identity, and an exciting city - the perfect blend of elements combine to create a noteworthy novel. With each page turned, the reader will become more deeply involved in the plot, especially knowing that the story is based on beguiling real-life situations.
 id : 243247 ISBN : 0375501754  | name : Charles at Fifty  |  description : Biography of Prince Charles on the occasion of his fiftieth birthday, examining his childhood, marriage to Diana, being a father, and his love for Camilla, and discussing how Diana's death changed his public and private life.
 id : 243249 ISBN : 0786867973  | name : How to Be a Domestic Goddess  |  description : The trouble with much modern cooking is that the mood it induces in the cook is one of skin-of-the-teeth efficiency, all briskness and little pleasure. Sometimes that's the best we can manage, but at other times we don't want to feel stressed and overstretched, but like a domestic goddess, trailing nutmeggy fumes of baking pie in our languorous wake.... --from How to Be a Domestic Goddess How to Be a Domestic Goddess is not about being a goddess, but about feeling like one. What this deliciously mouthwatering cookbook demonstrates is that it's not actually hard to bake a pan of muffins or a sponge layer cake, but the appreciation and satisfaction they bring are disproportionately high. Filled with over 220 gorgeously illustrated recipes, this book understands our anxieties, feeds our fantasies, and puts cakes, pies, pastries, preserves, puddings, breads, and cookies back in our own kitchens. The domestic goddess has to maintain her (or his) cool when faced with pastry, of course -- but with Nigella Lawson's guidance, even puff pastry can be pain-free.
 id : 243250 ISBN : 189894797X  | name : Food for Thought  |  description : This revised and expanded edition tells you everything you need to know about what to eat for good health.
 id : 243254 ISBN : 037591174X  | name : Flipped  |  description : In alternating chapters, two teenagers describe how their feelings about themselves, each other, and their families have changed over the years.
 id : 243255 ISBN : 0785788859  | name : Captains Courageous  |  description : After he is washed overboard and picked up by a fishing schooner, a spoiled, wealthy boy must prove himself worthy
 id : 243256 ISBN : 0345329422  | name : The Case of the Baited Hook  |  description : Who was that masked woman? That's the question plaguing the perpetually inquiring mind of Perry Mason. No one loves a good mystery more than Mason--but being asked to represent a client who's concealing her identity, not to mention the particulars of her case, has given even the legendary legal eagle a case of ruffled feathers.
 id : 243258 ISBN : 0816736758  | name : No More Boys  |  description : Disagreements with their boyfriends leave Karen, Ginger, Roni, and Justine without dates for the Valentine's dance.
 id : 243259 ISBN : 0061067717  | name : Battlecry Forever!  |  description : Fifteen-year-old Leslie knows that Battlecry, a horse everyone else thinks is wild and untrainable, deserves another chance to race.
 id : 243263 ISBN : 1563527243  | name : Winning Sure Beats Losing  |  description : The author spells out, step-by-step, how to be a winner everyday. He reveals publicly the program behind his remarkable success.
 id : 243264 ISBN : 0971316007  | name : Gadji  |  description : Gadji, which in Romany means a non-Gypsy woman, details one woman's involvement with a Muslim Gypsy from Bosnia, who seeks political asylum in France after flight from the Balkans. The tumultuous path of their relationship illustrates the risk inherent in becoming committed to the quest of another, and the difficulty of negotiating language and cultural differences in the face of passionate love.
 id : 243265 ISBN : 0521215455  | name : Zero Hour  |  description : What happens when children co-operate with invaders from the stars? What does a modern little girl do when a wolf eats her grandmother? Who is the terrible 'pigman'? Can marriage survive middle age? These are some of the questions dealt with in the eleven stories in this collection. The stories, by important modern authors, have been specially selected for advanced students of English. They are not simplified, but vocabulary explanations and notes are provided in order to help comprehension.
 id : 243266 ISBN : 1560100133  | name : Perspective Drawing  |  description : Perspective is one of the most important concepts for an artist to understand. In this valuable beginnerÆs guide, acclaimed artist Ernest Norling teaches you how to use perspective to create a sense of depth and realism in your artwork. Perspective covers techniques for drawing in one-, two-, and three-point perspective, as well as information on how to use vanishing points and the horizon line to establish believable depth. Special attention is given to learning to draw circles, cylinders, and people in perspective. Whether you specialize in drawingùeven cartooning or animationùor painting in acrylic, pastel, oil, or watercolor, a good working knowledge of perspective is essential. DonÆt be surprised if you find yourself referring to this essential guide again and again!
 id : 243267 ISBN : 0345447123  | name : Blame it on Eve  |  description : Fashion consultant Shawni Baldwin's relationship with her music entrepreneur fiancae Bo is turned upside down when she takes an assignment for a popular hip hop group and finds herself falling for Zin, a seductive singer with the group.
 id : 243268 ISBN : 0517371537  | name : Works of H.G. Wells  |  description : Four novels and fourteen tales of fantasy, adventure, and romance illuminate Wells' writing in genres other than science fiction
 id : 243269 ISBN : 0721450288  | name : The Little Red Hen  |  description : The little red hen finds none of her lazy friends willing to help her plant, harvest, or grind wheat into flour, but all are eager to eat the bread she makes from it.
 id : 243272 ISBN : 0688800351  | name : The Crumb  |  description : A young girl and her pony become involved in the horse show circuit when she gets a job helping out at a nearby stable and riding school.
 id : 243273 ISBN : 0880708565  | name : Pocahontas--true Princess  |  description : "In this fictional book I have tried to be true to history; the fictional parts ... were added to tell true things about how an Algonquin princess might have lived and acted in the early 1600s"--Introduction.
 id : 243274 ISBN : 1863734627  | name : Program Evaluation  |  description : Accountability is important to both public and private sectors, and administrators are increasingly obliged to use programme evaluation to assess and justify their operations. This book provides an introduction to evaluation methods and the issues involved.
 id : 243275 ISBN : 0451212401  | name : Love and Meatballs  |  description : In this sweet and saucy debut, Jo Cerbone fantasizes about having a different life--one that doesn't include working at the family restaurant rolling metaballs. But as Jo suddenly finds herself torn between two guys--and fighting an assault on her family--she realizes that life offers a pretty extensive menu, if you have the courage to try something new.
 id : 243278 ISBN : 0007130848  | name : The Groundwater Diaries  |  description : Over the last 150 years, most of the tributaries of the Thames have been buried under concrete and brick. Now Tim Bradford takes us on a series of walks along the routes of these forgotten rivers and shows us the oddities and delights that can be found along the way. With hundreds of cartoons, drawings, and maps, The Groundwater Diaries is a vastly entertaining (and sometimes frankly odd) tour through not-so-familiar terrain.
 id : 243279 ISBN : 0340767685  | name : Overtaken  |  description : Kelvin is 33, he lives in a small town in Lancashire, he has five close friends. Because their houses were cheap to buy they inhabit wonderful dwellings and they still have plenty of spare cash to spend on other things, they travel all over the region going to all manner of art events - plays, concerts, comedians, pretty much whoever comes to a nearby town they'll go and see them. They have a wonderful life - it doesn't last. After the catastrophe Kelvin is faced with huge questions: does art have a purpose? Can every sinner be redeemed? What is a good life?
 id : 243280 ISBN : 0743223152  | name : The Broken Places  |  description : When an abandoned farmhouse collapses in Casey, Pennsylvania, twelve-year-old Paul Tucker's father, Sonny, and the other Casey firemen attempt a dangerous rescue to reach a teenager buried under the rubble. Sonny himself is trapped by a secondary collapse and Paul and his mother fear the worst, but Sonny -- a second-generation fireman beloved in town -- emerges hours later, carrying the maimed body of sixteen-year-old Ian Finch. The rescue of this swastika-tattooed hoodlum -- who may have brought the house down while building bombs -- becomes a validation of all things American and true, and Sonny is immediately hailed as a national hero. But Ian's continued presence in Sonny's life creates a new set of hurdles for young Paul -- and his mother and his hometown -- to overcome.
 id : 243281 ISBN : 1400001226  | name : El Diario de Bridget Jones  |  description : Helen Fielding's exuberant book and her unparalleled character Bridget Jones have swept readers all over the world. El diario de Bridget Jones spans one year in the life of this stumbling, thirty-something year old heroine, as she travails the ups and downs of Singleton life and her hilarious quest for self-improvement. An endearing modern day fairy tale, it will hit a nerve with every reader.
 id : 243282 ISBN : 0821723294  | name : Circle of Death  |  description : Jonathan Becker, a German-born actor who uses his skills to smuggle Gestapo prisoners out of Germany, is assigned to kidnap Hitler
 id : 243283 ISBN : 038081174X  | name : H. M. S. Hood Vs. Bismarck  |  description : The subject of this book is the sinking of the battleship Bismarck by the English navy.
 id : 243284 ISBN : 0140139958  | name : A German Requiem  |  description : Kriminalroman med privatdetektiven Bernie Gunther. Den foregår i underverdenen i efterkrigstidens Wien
 id : 243286 ISBN : 0802708137  | name : The Fox from His Lair  |  description : American agent Iremonger and British intelligence officer Pargeter bury their mutual antagonism in order to stop a wily German agent, "the Fox," from sabotaging the Allied plans for the Normandy invasion
 id : 243288 ISBN : 0786016949  | name : A Perfect Husband  |  description : New York Times bestselling true crime writer Aphrodite Jones chronicles the highly-publicised story of novelist Michael Peterson, who was convicted of first-degree murder for beating his wife to death in December 2001 in order to collect her life insurance.
 id : 243289 ISBN : 0312990863  | name : The Palm Beach Murder  |  description : Describes the case of millionaire James Sullivan, the murder of his estranged wife, Georgia debutante Lita McClinton, his escape from justice from nearly fifteen years, and his eventual arrest in Thailand after years on the run. Original.
 id : 243290 ISBN : 2746701901  | name : Poupées, robots  |  description : Mode, décoration post-zen, vêtements à l'effigie d'Hello Kitty ou des Pokémon, tamagoshi, mangas, techno nippone : la culture pop japonaise a bel et bien colonisé l'Asie. De Taiwan à Hong Kong, de la Corée à la Thaïlande, le cool occidental est out, en revanche tout ce qui vient du japon est résolument " tendance ". A l'origine de cette frénésie culturelle, la gyaru - traduction japonaise de girl - jeune fille créatrice et consommatrice, entre sage collégienne et femme fatale, s'impose comme la nouvelle force sociale et culturelle du Japon. Sur ses traces, la jeunesse invente une nouvelle façon de penser d'exprimer ses désirs, ses angoisses, son histoire et sa place dans une société où les figures de l'autorité s'émiettent. Autour du corps - réel ou virtuel - qu'elle infantilise, déguise, travestit, arme ou malmène, la culture juvénile prend la parole. Aux détours des trottoirs de Tokyo, des galeries marchandes, des rassemblements d'otaku - les fans de manga -, des chambres à coucher ou des salles de projection, un portrait kaléidoscopique de la jeunesse japonaise se dessine, entre poupées et cyber-monstres. A travers la mode, le cinéma, les jeux vidéo, les dessins animés ou la bande-dessinée, une analyse profonde et informée des thèmes phares de la culture pop nippone et un voyage dans la vie quotidienne et l'imaginaire d'une jeunesse mutante en passe d'être propulsée au sommet de la création pop contemporaine.
 id : 243291 ISBN : 1412035910  | name : Divine Intervention  |  description : CFBI Agent Jasi McLellan leads a psychically gifted team in the hunt for a serial arsonist- a murderer who has already taken the lives of three innocent people. Unleashing her gift as a Pyro-Psychic, Jasi is compelled toward smoldering ashes and enters the killer's mind. A mind bent on destruction and revenge. Jasi's team consists of Psychometric Empath and profiler, Ben Roberts, and Victim Empath, Natassia Prushenko, is led down a twisting path of dark, painful secrets. Brandon Walsh, the handsome, smooth-talking Chief of Arson Investigations joins them in a manhunt that takes them across British Columbia- from Vancouver to Kelowna, Penticton and Victoria. While impatiently sifting through the clues that were left behind, Jasi and her team realize that there is more to the third victim than meets the eye. Perhaps not all of the victims were that innocent. The hunt intensifies when they learn that someone they know is next on the arsonist's list. The case heats to the boiling point as Jasi steps out of the flames... and into the fire. And in the heat of early summer, Agent Jasi McLellan discovers that a murderer lies in wait...much closer than she imagined. Step into the fire with Jasi McLellan, in the first of the Divine series- a suspense thriller that will keep you turning the pages. If you enjoy reading Nora Roberts/ J.D. Robb, Patricia Cornwell or Lisa Jackson, you'll Love Cheryl Kaye Tardif!
 id : 243292 ISBN : 1593280033  | name : A Savior Worth Having  |  description : This is a collection of sermons delivered over the years that paint an amazing picture of the Savior, Jesus Christ.
 id : 243295 ISBN : 0949128430  | name : The Barbecue Cookbook  |  description : About Australian Women's Weekly:Australian Women's Weekly cookbooks have enjoyed more than two decades of success. Available in 100 countries and a dozen different languages, these books Australian Women's Weekly Standard Format Series have sold more than 2 million copies in Canada. Their amazing success rests on three points: the recipes are for today's food, the dishes are quick and simple to make, and each recipe has been triple-tested, guaranteeing that it works the first time, and every time.
 id : 243296 ISBN : 0553277359  | name : The Far Pavilions  |  description : When The Far Pavilions was first published nineteen years ago, it moved the critic Edmund Fuller to write this: "Were Miss Kaye to produce no other book, The Far Pavilions might stand as a lasting accomplishment in a single work comparable to Margaret Mitchell's achievement in Gond With the Wind." From its beginning in the foothills of the towering Himalayas, M.M. Kaye's masterwork is a vast, rich and vibrant tapestry of love and war that ranks with the greatest panoramic sagas of modern fiction. The Far Pavilions is itself a Himalayan achievement, a book we hate to see come to an end. it is a passionate, triumphant story that excites us, fills us with joy, move us to tears, satisfies us deeply, and helps us remember just what it is we want most from a novel.
 id : 243299 ISBN : 2715220197  | name : La mandragore  |  description : La Mandragore est un drôle de petit être, conservé dans un flacon, qui conjugue certains pouvoirs. Si l'on en est possesseur, il faut le revendre, avant de mourir, moins cher qu'on ne l'a acheté, sous peine d'appartenir au diable. Gare à ceux qui ne l'ont acheté que pour une somme infime, voire la plus petite des pièces existantes !
 id : 243300 ISBN : 2877302172  | name : Le temple des oies sauvages  |  description : Dans le temple zen des Oies sauvages, près de Kyoto, un novice serviable et dévoué va commettre un crime parfait. Ce qui devrait être l'histoire d'un meurtre est plus simplement l'histoire d'un meurtrier. Dans une progression dramatique fascinante, le lecteur découvrira ce que peut receler de meurtrissures et de désirs bafoués la vie d'un petit apprenti moine amoureux de la compagne de son Supérieur libertin. Il faut entrer de plain-pied dans ce huis clos où se rencontrent et s'affrontent des figures stylisées jusqu'aux limites de la caricature. Il y a là tout le monde si étrange de Mizukami : un monde violent et sensuel, souvent malsain, toujours impitoyable aux petits. Un monde du mal de vivre et de la douleur cachée, où se côtoient la vie et la mort, la beauté et la laideur, le cauchemar et le réel, la raison et l'extravagance : un monde dont on désespérerait s'il n'y avait, tellement supérieur à la vie, l'Art, et sa splendeur insolente.
 id : 243301 ISBN : 0451148770  | name : Turnabout Children  |  description : Gifted writer and therapist Mary MacCracken offers a heartwarming chronicle of her private practice with learning-disabled children. A professor of learning disabilities calls it, "A classic"... and must reading for anyone who has a child with dyslexia or other disorders. The book won the l986 AmericanHealth Book Award.
 id : 243303 ISBN : 0571203809  | name : A Closed Book  |  description : An isolated cottage deep in the heart of the Cotswolds. A writer's den, as dusty, gloomy and full of exotic objets d'art as the cell of a medieval monk. This is an unsettling, claustrophobic novel begging the reader to ask many, many questions.
 id : 243304 ISBN : 0743491939  | name : Music Row Dogs and Nashville Cats  |  description : To complement Country Music Television's television special, this book features candid photographs and stories of country music stars and their pets. A percentage of the proceeds will be go to the Animal Care Task Force of Nashville and The Nashville Humane Society.
 id : 243306 ISBN : 3630870341  | name : Ein rundherum tolles Land  |  description : Die Fortsetzung von äDie Asche meiner Mutterä schildert, wie der Autor als Neunzehnjähriger nach Amerika auswandert, mit nichts als der Hoffnung auf eine bessere Zukunft, und wie es ihm trotz aller Widrigkeiten gelingt, sich in New York zu behaupten.
 id : 243311 ISBN : 0875427847  | name : A Victorian Grimoire  |  description : Dip into the magic, traditions, and beliefs of people who lived just over a century ago, and discover how you can make use of that wisdom today, when you read A Victorian Grimoire by Patricia Telesco. Like a special opportunity to rummage through your grandmother's (or great-grandmother's) attic, A Victorian Grimoire offers you a personal invitation to discover a storehouse of magical and other treasures. You'll be able to enhance virtually every aspect of your daily life as you begin to reclaim the romance, simplicity, and "know-how" of the Victorian era. During that exceptional period, people's lives were shaped by their love of the land, of home and family, and by a simple acceptance of what we now call "magic" as part of everyday life. The amount of usable information in A Victorian Grimoire is amazing. You'll get a fun, historical peek at what life was like during that era, but it is the practical material that you can use today where this book really shines: The meanings of birthstones How to make and use dolls The magical language of the fan Recipes for healing teas Umbrella magic The magical calendar and celebrations of the seasons Moon magic Lunar astrology Making magical gardens The secret language of flowers Weather magic Victorian herbal magic Magic for the kitchen Magic in each room Fifteen types of divination Love magic Magic with pets More and more, people are searching for ways to create peace and beauty in this increasingly chaotic world. A Victorian Grimoire shows you how to re-create the peace and beauty of a time past with simple, down-to-earth "Victorian Enchantments" that turn every mundane act into an act of magic. A Victorian Grimoire is also a captivating study of the turn of the century and a comprehensive repository of common-sense knowledge. Whether it's turning the making of beauty-care products or doing the dishes into magic or discovering how to relieve a backache, dry and store herbs, help children get over fears of the dark, or any of the hundreds of topics in this book, A Victorian Grimoire is a must.
 id : 243312 ISBN : 089471810X  | name : A Barefoot Doctor's Manual  |  description : The American translation of the official Chinese paramedical manual, first published in 1977, is now available in a compact format. Unique in its integration of Western and traditional Chinese medicine, the manual was first prepared by medical authorities in the People's Republic of China in the 1950s, and is based on the theory of the balance of life.
 id : 243313 ISBN : 0876043015  | name : Flower Secrets Revealed  |  description : Engagingly written with easy-to-follow instructions, this book contains abundant recipes for preparing medicinal and beauty remedies and improving physical vitality. The author also includes her secrets for establishing the perfect garden, the art of bee-keeping, distilling flower oils, flower drying, making natural soaps, and more. Illustrations.
 id : 243314 ISBN : 087542869X  | name : Jude's Herbal Home Remedies  |  description : Discover a simpler, more natural way of life. Pour yourself a cup of chamomile tea, find a quiet corner, and browse through the wealth of natural remedies, household tips, and beauty secrets presented in this tried and true guidebook. Now updated and expanded, "Jude''s Herbal Home Remedies" offers more than 800 treatments, tinctures, tonics, and teas, using many easy-to-find herbs, as well as a comprehensive herbal index with over 200 illustrations. "... her words ring with a voice of experience and common sense. She does not simply toss us a book full of symptomatic remedies and leave it at that. [She] takes a holistic approach to health and offers enough sensible reminders to make this book readable." "The Herb Companion " "This gentle, interesting book is a treasure chest of information on ''how to'' heal, cleanse, rejuvenate, plant, gather, and prevent. I, for one, am happy to have this herbal in my pantry." "Sweet Fern" ""Jude''s Herbal Home Remedies" is much more than just another book on the virtues of medicinal herbs. It is packed with information on natural and environmentally friendly concoctions that can save you hundreds [of dollars]." "The Growing Edge "
 id : 243316 ISBN : 0895945258  | name : The Natural Remedy Book for Women  |  description : Provides an alternative to traditional medical care for minor health problems, discussing the use of holistic healing methods including vitamins, acupressure, minerals, herbs, and naturopathy
 id : 243317 ISBN : 0892813784  | name : Bach Flower Remedies to the Rescue  |  description : The author discusses the many uses of the Rescue Remedy in reducing stress, anxiety, fear, emotional upset, and trauma.
 id : 243318 ISBN : 084423933X  | name : Better Chess  |  description : Teaches chess strategy and tactics through seventy-five lessons designed for players who already know the fundamentals of the game, divided into elementary, advanced, and master sections.
 id : 243319 ISBN : 0306806444  | name : Ascension  |  description : It is the summer of 1976 and Salvo Ursari, a man of retirement age, is walking on a taut wire strung between the Twin Towers of New York's World Trade Center, almost fourteen hundred feet above the city. Far below him in the gaping crowd stands his wife, Anna, to whom he has made a solemn promise: This wire walk will end his career. In this daring moment, Steven Galloway opens his riveting novel about Salvo Ursari, whose life begins in 1919 amid a Transylvanian boyhood inhabited by gypsy folklore and inspired by the bravery of his persecuted people. Salvo's story moves irresistibly from a tragic fire that envelops his family, to street life in Budapest, where he learns the skills of a wire walker, to the carnivals of Europe and the competitive world of the American circus. Most fulfilled when living with paradox, Salvo feels safest while performing startling feats of balance on a wire high above the dangerous world; and most endangered if performing above a net. With compassion, warmth, and blazing originality, Ascension combines jaw-dropping storytelling, and fantastical symbolism with mesmerizing detail of Romany and circus culture, and an unforgettable walk with the amazing Salvo Ursari.
 id : 243320 ISBN : 1857440633  | name : Endgame Strategy  |  description : All the Everyman Chess books are organized in a structured style and are also presented in a series of levels. The styles encompass Openings (O); Games Collections ((G); and Training (T). The levels are arranged as follows: Children C]; Novice (N); Club (C); and Advanced (A).
 id : 243321 ISBN : 0486209202  | name : How Not to Play Chess  |  description : One of the outstanding chess expositors of the 20th century presents the basis of analysis in a disarmingly simple way. Sticking to a few well-chosen examples, he shows how to avoid playing a hit-or-miss game from move to move and instead develop a general plan of action based on positional analysis. Includes 20 problems from master games.
 id : 243326 ISBN : 0671656902  | name : Chess Openings: Traps And Zaps  |  description : Presents 202 short chess openers, arranged by type and difficulty level, describing each one's central tactic and explaining how the loser in each scenario could have changed his strategy.
 id : 243327 ISBN : 0486205282  | name : Chess Strategy  |  description : Presents and explains strategic chess principles, covering the opening and middle and end game, and illustrates these principles with forty-eight games from master tournaments.
 id : 243328 ISBN : 0849996597  | name : The Servant Leader  |  description : Outlines a model of servant leadership based on the author's study of Jesus Christ, explaining how business leaders can become more effective through a realization that their teams are more powerful than the sum of their individuals.
 id : 243329 ISBN : 0440405963  | name : Full House  |  description : While Stephanie tries to decide which one of her three fathers to take with her to the mother-daughter sleepover, D.J. tries to lose ten pounds.
 id : 243330 ISBN : 0871202433  | name : A Celebration of Neurons  |  description : Provides an introduction to late twentieth-century scientific understanding of the development, organization, and operation of the brain, written especially for educational leaders, and suggests some broad educational applications that may be introduced in schools.
 id : 243331 ISBN : 1557348820  | name : Teaching with Multiple Intelligences  |  description : Easy-to-read interpretations accompanied by practical applications.
 id : 243332 ISBN : 0963638904  | name : The Owner's Manual for the Brain  |  description : Gives insight into the working of the human brain by combining research reports with practical applications.
 id : 243335 ISBN : 2264031468  | name : La veuve et l'imposteur  |  description : Alors qu'un gentilhomme vient d'être exécuté, son jeune frère, absent depuis sept ans, réapparaît et fait valoir ses droits à l'héritage. Mais où était-il ? Pourquoi sa mère réagit-elle si bizarrement en le voyant ? Existe-t-il un rapport entre cette mort et le suicide d'un Américain à Londres ? Pour répondre à toutes ces interrogations, Sir John Fielding et Jeremy devront aller de Londres à Bath, puis à Oxford... " Décidément, les détectives investissent toutes les périodes de l'histoire. Voici Sir John Fielding qui préside du haut de son tribunal londonien du XVIIIe siècle aux destinées des victimes et des truands. Bruce Alexander a choisi de raconter son histoire par la voix de Jeremy Proctor, un garçon débrouillard recueilli par le juge aveugle et qui le seconde dans sa tâche. [...] Il dévoile avec son regard à peine sorti de l'enfance la fresque d'un monde bruyant, extravagant, coloré ". Le Dauphiné libéré
 id : 243336 ISBN : 0316526142  | name : Life 50, 1936-1986  |  description : This overview of the past fifty years reflected in the pages of "Life" magazine ranges in tone from the sublime to the frivolous in a pictorial recreation of recent history.
 id : 243342 ISBN : 0140442057  | name : Cousin Pons  |  description : Pons, a mild-mannered old man, is treated with spiteful contempt by his wealthy relations
 id : 243343 ISBN : 0893754072  | name : The Jungle Book  |  description : "Spectacular, full-color watercolor paintings by the late American illustrator Don Daily bring this presentation of the classic story to life in an exciting new way. Readers ages 4 to 8 will delight in"
 id : 243353 ISBN : 158479089X  | name : How to Be Santa Claus  |  description : A humorous guide to for the Santa in everyone's life, this photo book is an essential Christmas tradition from the author of "Naked Babies" and "Siblings". 25 photos. (Christian)
 id : 243354 ISBN : 081184305X  | name : Urgent 2nd Class  |  description : His internationally best-selling Griffin & Sabine saga is treasured for its blend of lyrical storyline and compelling, imaginative art. Now Nick Bantock gives a short course in visual creativity in Urgent 2nd Class. A tour through the techniques and materials which constitute his signature style, Bantock shares with readers numerous ways ways of using old paper ephemera -- maps, letters, postcards, ledgers, scraps, photos, and many more items -- to create their own idiosyncratic art. Written for people of all artistic skill levels, the materials mentioned are all easily found and inexpensive, and the processes are simple enough to do at home (and with access to the most advanced machinery used in the book, a photocopier). An inspirational guide to the simple artistic techniques which can alchemically transform ephemera into remarkable works, Urgent 2nd Class is the handbook for a new generation of visual poets.
 id : 243355 ISBN : 1932416080  | name : McSweeney's Quarterly Concern  |  description : Presents an anthology of contemporary comics by such cartoonists as Richard McGuire, Mark Newgarden, Lynda Barry, and Jaime and Gilbert Hernandez, along with a few vintage comics.
 id : 243356 ISBN : 155152032X  | name : Hunting with Diana  |  description : A pastiche of finely woven stories that bridge the ages, juxtaposing the elemental dramas of classical mythology with modern explorations on the electronic highway. Davey Bryant is an aging gay man searching for a means out of loneliness on the Internet; in this anonymous arena, he embarks on wistful, witty journeys with faceless correspondents, who find a sympathetic listener in Davey. Their stories provide a voyeuristic glimpse into imperfect lives that transcends gender and sexuality, rooted in philosophies and deities, and imbued with love, humour, and irony.
 id : 243358 ISBN : 0312238290  | name : Boy-Wives and Female-Husbands  |  description : Claims concerning the presence and status of homosexuality in historic African cultures have become central points of contention in debates among contemporary African Americans. Some of those involved in the debate have even asserted that the original languages of Africa contained no words for gay or lesbian, therefore concluding that they did not exist. As the first work of its kind on the subject, Boy-Wives and Female-Husbands answers an urgent need for accurate, well-researched, and balanced work on African sexuality. It offers perspectives from the fields of anthropology and history, along with extensive evidence from ethnographic and literary sources. The essays explore such topics as woman-woman marriages, early reports of Malagasy "berdaches," male homosexuality in contemporary West Africa, alternative gender identities among the Swahili, the regulation of sexuality in colonial Zimbabwe, and the portrayals of homosexuality in modern African literature. Bound to be an invaluable resource for discussions of traditional and contemporary African cultures, Boy-Wives and Female-Husbands is a book whose time has clearly come.
 id : 243359 ISBN : 1931875049  | name : Buttmen 2  |  description : More bootilicious tales from buttmen around the globe, celebrating what they love about the male buttocks. From hot erotic stories to daring true confessions, it?
 id : 243360 ISBN : 0802140475  | name : Dorian  |  description : A contemporary retelling of the themes in Oscar Wilde's The Picture of Dorian Gray finds homosexual and drug addict Henry Wotton at the center of a clique that includes his artist friend, Hallward, and the beautiful young Dorian, in a story set against the backdrop of the AIDS epidemic. Reprint.
 id : 243361 ISBN : 0740725386  | name : Christmas with Mary Engelbreit  |  description : Projects: Velvet fruit -- Transfer pillow -- Cell phone holders -- Silhouette lampshade -- Jacob's ladder calendar -- Painted floorcloth -- Peace pillow -- Scottie tea cozy -- Gingerbread village -- Votive candle holders -- Christmas tree tackboard -- White mouse ornament -- Tree gift box ornament -- Vintage holiday fabric placemat -- Vintage holiday fabric chair pad -- Snow family topiary -- Patchwork mitten bandboxes -- Make-up bag -- Wine gift bag -- Welcome home garland -- Holly leaf garland.
 id : 243362 ISBN : 1559704977  | name : Belief Or Nonbelief?  |  description : A world-renowned novelist and one of the Vatican's leading authorities square off over some of the burning issues of our day, with commentary by leading American writers and thinkers.
 id : 243366 ISBN : 0689309945  | name : Alanna  |  description : Eleven-year-old Alanna, who aspires to be a knight even though she is a girl, disguises herself as a boy to become a royal page, a learning many hard lessons along her path to high adventure.
 id : 243367 ISBN : 0590553593  | name : Briar's Book  |  description : In the final volume of the Circle of Magic series, Briar, a young mage-in-training, and his teacher Rosethorn must use their magic to fight a deadly plague that is ravaging Summersea.
 id : 243368 ISBN : 0310246083  | name : Case for Christ Student Ed Padded  |  description : Who Was Jesus? A good man? A lunatic? God? There's little question that he actually lived. But miracles? Rising from the dead? Some of the stories you hear about him sound like just that--stories. A reasonable person would never believe them, let alone the claim that he's the only way to God! But a reasonable person would also make sure that he or she understood the facts before jumping to conclusions. That's why Lee Strobel--an award-winning legal journalist with a knack for asking tough questions--decided to investigate Jesus for himself. An atheist, Strobel felt certain his findings would bring Christianity's claims about Jesus tumbling down like a house of cards. He was in for the surprise of his life. Join him as he retraces his journey from skepticism to faith. You'll consult expert testimony as you sift through the truths that history, science, psychiatry, literature, and religion reveal. Like Strobel, you'll be amazed at the evidence--how much there is, how strong it is, and what it says. The facts are in. What will your verdict be in The Case for Christ?
 id : 243369 ISBN : 1550139908  | name : Ottawa and the National Capital Region  |  description : In a stunning photographic portrait of our nation's capital, one of Canada's most respected photographers has captured the essence of both the old and the new Ottawa. (1998)
 id : 243370 ISBN : 0060297107  | name : Jerry Garcia's Amazing Grace  |  description : February of 1993, Jerry Garcia met with David Grisman and Tony Rice to have an acoustic jam session. Tony's wife asked Jerry to sing Amazing Grace, and he obliged, with Grisman on mandolin and Rice on guitar. Together, the three played one of the most hauntingly poignant versions ever recorded of this classic song. Undoubtedly saved by his own "amazing grace," John Newton was a slave ship captain turned preacher who wrote the first version of this timeless hymn in the late 1760s. It went on to become one of the most beloved songs in America. Recorded hundreds of times, it resonates as strongly today as it did when it was originally written. Garcia recorded Amazing Grace for the first time while jamming with Grisman and Rice (recorded on Acoustic Disc's The Pizza Tapes), making it a rare event -- and the inspiration for this book. Jerry Garcia was an artist, a poet, and a world-renowned musician. "Amazing Grace" is a classic song that has inspired countless generations. Here for the first time, the lyrics of this song are illustrated with a selection of Jerry Garcia's own wildly imaginative artwork, which was painstakingly chosen in cooperation with Deborah Koons Garcia from more than four hundred pieces of her late husband's works. A CD of the 1993 Garcia/Grisman/Rice recording of Amazing Grace is included in this book, making Jerry Garcia's Amazing Grace a unique keepsake for art and music lovers alike.
 id : 243371 ISBN : 0297847228  | name : The Xmas Files  |  description : In a secular society, does Christmas mean anything anymore? As we stuff ourselves with plumped-up turkeys, unwrap the latest useless gadget, and gather round the family tree, what real relevance does the festive season have and why do we perpetuate it? The Philosophy of Christmas is designed to be a fun book but one underpinned by an exploration of serious philosophical issues. The way we celebrate Christmas says a lot about the way we relate to each other, our society and values. For instance, did you know that Santa's outfit is only red and white because those are the colours of the Coca Cola company? Already a bestselling author, Stephen Law takes a look at such things as the virgin birth (David Hume's theories on miracles), Bertrand Russell's turkey, the existential angst of Santa, and peace on earth to produce a humourous, varied and thought-provoking collection.
 id : 243372 ISBN : 0786833904  | name : Disney's Pop-Up: Princesses  |  description : Dance with Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, glide high over Agrabah with Jasmine and Aladdin, splash in the ocean with Ariel and Flounder, and more!
 id : 243373 ISBN : 1843336235  | name : The Goddess Book of Days  |  description : Goddess myths and symbols lie at the heart of major spiritual traditions, from today's New Agers to Pagans and Wiccans. A clinical psychotherapist and university lecturer offers a daily source of strength and insight inspired by the power of the goddess across many cultures and eras. Each month features an introduction to a particular world goddess figure, relating the folklore and myths surrounding her and her influence on everyday activities and decisions. A weekly calendar appears as a double-page spread of daily suggestions for drawing upon the sacred days of the goddesses, along with brief meditations, poems, and chants. With each passing day you come to appreciate how common objects such as mirrors and combs or fruits and vegetables offer special creative powers just for women. Start any time of year--plenty of journal space permits you to record your own personal feelings, thoughts, and meditations along your journey.
 id : 243375 ISBN : 0399216146  | name : The Night Before Christmas, Or, A Visit of St. Nicholas  |  description : The well-known poem about an important Christmas Eve visitor.
 id : 243378 ISBN : 0061098728  | name : A Knight to Remember  |  description : Skilled herbalist Lady Edlyn secretly attends to wounded knight Hugh de Florisoun, but remains coolly aloof until she can resist his charms no longer.
 id : 243379 ISBN : 0590483242  | name : Good-Bye to Love  |  description : Wishing that their perfect love could last forever, Chris and Holly return to their disapproving families when Holly's terminal illness worsens, and convince them to put differences aside for the sake of their last few months of happiness. Original.
 id : 243380 ISBN : 0590483234  | name : A Time to Love  |  description : Diagnosed with lupus, an incurable disease, Holly Paige refuses to let herself fall in love with Chris Franklin.
 id : 243381 ISBN : 0975326201  | name : Not My Reality  |  description : When Sam's sister becomes a celebrity, Sam doesn't share the enthusiasm and needs to find her own niche.
 id : 243382 ISBN : 0140323201  | name : The Seekers  |  description : Sixteen-year-old Edward sails with friends from England to the New World in 1632 and joins the colony founded by the Pilgrims at Plymouth, discovering the perils and hardships of colonial life.
 id : 243384 ISBN : 0762704187  | name : Traveling Solo  |  description : Fully revised and updated for the millennium, this guide offers advice and ideas for more than 250 trips for travelers without a companion--from music lovers to gourmands, photographers to painters, cyclists to cruise aficionados. 15 illustrations. Appendix.
 id : 243385 ISBN : 0711948682  | name : Bob Dylan  |  description : A guide to the music of Bob Dylan. The book examines every recorded song in his catalogue to date, and acts as a consumer's critical guide to the music. Shaped like a CD box, it is designed to sit alongside the reader's existing CD collection.
 id : 243387 ISBN : 0762414677  | name : Zen  |  description : This thoughtful guided journal takes a Zen approach to the Noble Eightfold Path, a core teaching within Buddhism. Thoughtfully illustrated, it's divided into eight sections, each with an opening page describing one of the guiding principles, followed by journal pages subtly highlighted with appropriate Buddhist quotes. It provides a structured way for diarists to contemplate the meaning and personal relevance of the eight essential Zen principles.
 id : 243389 ISBN : 0762412208  | name : A Flip-flop Journal  |  description : Our innovative Flip-Flop Journals are a big hit with the preteen set, tackling issues important to 1013 year olds in a fun, interactive format that encourages journaling and exploring personal creativity. Truth/Dare is two journals in one, designed to help "tweens" think creatively about important issues with questions related to the popular game Truth or Dare. It's a great way to learn about yourself and others by recording the funniest or most daring dare, and peers' reactions, in the Dare section. Flip over to the Truth section to discover more about your deepest hopes and fears. More Flip-Flop Journals
 id : 243390 ISBN : 0762400358  | name : Aquarius  |  description : My stars! Learn revealing traits about your sign in these splendid Zodiac mini pop-ups. Are you passionate about ideas and emotions? You must be a Scorpio! Stubborn? You're a Taurus! Read quotes from personalities who share your sign: Oprah Winfrey (Aquarius), John Wayne (Gemini), Sigmund Freud (Taurus). Die-cut cover features custom-designed icon nestled on a bed of luxurious satin.
 id : 243395 ISBN : 0500271615  | name : Ancient Greece  |  description : A study of Greece during the centuries which preceded the Hellenistic age.
 id : 243397 ISBN : 0030557364  | name : The Aztecs of Central Mexico  |  description : This case study is about the Aztecs of Central Mexico, a people who dominated a vast area of what is now Mexico by the time the Spanish conquistadors arrived in A.D. 1519, but who had humble beginnings as despised nomads. The story of the confrontation and the defeat of the Aztecs by the small force of Spaniards led by Hernan Cortes is told in the last chapter.
 id : 243402 ISBN : 0449908976  | name : Anatomy of Love  |  description : An exploration of human behavior examines the innate aspects of love, sex, and marriage, discussing flirting behavior, courting postures, the brain chemistry of attraction, divorce and adultery in societies around the world, and more. Reprint.
 id : 243403 ISBN : 0312209436  | name : The World in Us  |  description : Presents a collection of poetry written by both new and established gay and lesbian writers, with themes including love, loneliness, ethnicity, and politics.
 id : 243404 ISBN : 0835608131  | name : The Real St. Nicholas  |  description : A collection of folktales and stories from throughout Europe reveals that the generosity and kindness attributed to Saint Nicholas goes beyond delivering toys to children.
 id : 243405 ISBN : 0743231724  | name : Kilbrack  |  description : A cast of rampant miscreants, brilliantly witty dialogue, and dark imaginings make for compulsive comic reading in "Kilbrack," written more than a decade before "At Swim, Two Boys" established O'Neill as "one of the most powerful voices in contemporary Irish fiction" ("The Observer").
 id : 243406 ISBN : 0764921088  | name : CatChristmas  |  description : If you are a cat person, you know that cats celebrate Christmas. They marvel at Christmas trees, attack gift wrap, give presents (c'mon! a dead mouse counts!), receive presents, and eat too much. This holiday behavior was shrewdly documented by B. "Hap" Kliban (1935–1990), the closest man to a cat anyone has ever encountered. For the first time, his dozens of Yuletide Cat cartoons and paintings have been collected in this charming but revealing little book. As an extra added attraction, never-before-published Cat lyrics to well-known Christmas carols are included, researched and collected by Professor Winkie B. Earmites. Hark the Hungry Kitties Sing, We Wish You a Mousie Christmas, and Kitties We Have Heard on High are just a few of the rousing standards included. Click on the small picture above for an inside view.
 id : 243407 ISBN : 0689857756  | name : Raggedy Ann and Andy and the Camel with the Wrinkled Knees  |  description : Raggedy fans of all ages will delight in this three-dimensional interpretation of Johnny Gruelle's classic story. Dazzling paper engineering brings Raggedy Ann, Raggedy Andy, and friends to life in this interactive edition of The Camel with the Wrinkled Knees. From beginning to end, this beloved tale is told with pop-up scenes, giving the timeless adventure story a new twist that will enchant for years to come.
 id : 243408 ISBN : 0451411080  | name : The House of Special Purpose  |  description : The author of "The Second Assassin" continues to carve a powerful niche in the world of international thrillers with this World War II story, filled with actual events, historical figures, and a true-to-life atmosphere and intrigue. Original.
 id : 243409 ISBN : 0805412883  | name : The Bible Alphabet  |  description : Spectacular alphabet pop-ups delight readers of all ages with amazing paper construction. Every letter represents an object from the Bible.
 id : 243413 ISBN : 031203475X  | name : Living the Spirit  |  description : A Gay American Indian Anthology
 id : 243414 ISBN : 0932870589  | name : The Hustler  |  description : Eerste Engelse vertaling van klassieke Duitse roman, die zich afspeelt in het milieu van Berlijnse hoerenjongens en waarin de gedoemde liefde van een nette jongeman voor een hoerenjongen wordt beschreven.
 id : 243416 ISBN : 0962368369  | name : Queer Corners  |  description : The lives of comfortably middle-class gay professionals are turned upside down when a homophobic bigot and his televangelist wife move into their all-gay neighborhood and begin a statewide antigay rights campaign. This funny and outrageous novel tackles the personal and political battles surrounding gay culture and the religious right, and deals with issues many gay people face on a day-to-day basis: group identity, personal freedom, privacy, spirituality, gay history, and AIDS. Set in Portland, Oregon, Queer Comers is a moving, humorous, and sometimes shocking portrait of a community turned on its ear.
 id : 243417 ISBN : 1896951554  | name : An English Gentleman  |  description : Based on the discovery of a small portion of the long-surpressed letters between James Barrie (author of Peter Pan) and his adopted son, Michael Llewelyn Davies, Sky Gilbert's fourth novel takes us into the lives of five very different men.
 id : 243419 ISBN : 0816724547  | name : Christmas Sing-Along  |  description : An illustrated collection of Christmas carols, including "Jingle Bells," "O Christmas Tree," "We Wish you a Merry Christmas," "Deck the Halls," and "Silent Night."
 id : 243420 ISBN : 0689824297  | name : Saint Valentine  |  description : Recounts an incident in the life of St. Valentine, a physician who lived some 200 years after Christ, in which he treated a small child for blindness.
 id : 243421 ISBN : 0395837057  | name : Pages Passed from Hand to Hand  |  description : This fascinating book is the first to explore the texts that circulated before the genre of "gay fiction" came into being. Including extracts from stories and novels written by such well-known writers as Henry James, Willa Cather, Herman Melville and D.H. Lawrence, "Pages Passed from Hand to Hand" is a valuable contribution to our understanding of the literary treatment of homosexuality.
 id : 243422 ISBN : 1575666669  | name : The Biograph Girl  |  description : In this national bestseller, Mann masterfully blends fact with fiction to re-imagine the world's very first movie star--Florence Lawrence--who by 1910 was known as the legendary and enigmatic Biograph Girl. Despite her rumored suicide, a pair of twins find the sassy actress alive at age 107 and re-launch her stardom.
 id : 243423 ISBN : 0312109474  | name : Brotherly Love  |  description : Private investigator Sydney Sloane spots a photo of an escaped murderer and recognizes her brother, who supposedly died in an explosion fifteen years earlier, and her search for the truth leads her into a web of deceit
 id : 243425 ISBN : 0312287194  | name : Sex and Murder.com  |  description : Gay police detective Paul Turner discovers that he is dealing with a political and economic hot potato as he investigates the brutal murder of Craig Lenzati, CEO of one of Chicago's leading high-tech firms.
 id : 243426 ISBN : 0395902436  | name : Martin Bauman, Or, A Sure Thing  |  description : In this epic novel of love and literature, a young gay man on the brink of a publishing career in New York is dogged by the troubling image of literary perfection and an elusive, enigmatic mentor.
 id : 243428 ISBN : 2253049239  | name : Substance B  |  description : Clara Zellmeyer, jeune biologiste de génie à l'Institut Pasteur, aurait dû se méfier... Si la Morgan Chemical, multinationale américaine de l'industrie pharmaceutique, lui offre un pont d'or et des moyens illimités pour parachever sa découverte, ce n'est pas forcément pour de bonnes raisons. Dès son arrivée à New York, un piège diabolique va se refermer sur elle, inexorablement. Car la Substance B. molécule-miracle qui lave le cerveau humain de tout stress et de toute angoisse, déchaîne les convoitises. Un gourou fanatique, un mystérieux émissaire du Vatican, des puissances financières implacables s'engagent dans une lutte sans merci pour s'approprier le médicament du siècle : la Substance B. B comme bonheur ? Par l'auteur de La Nuit des enfants rois.
 id : 243429 ISBN : 2253144053  | name : Les Feux de L Eden  |  description : De tous temps, les sorciers d'Hawaii ont invoqué les divinités souterraines pour chasser l'homme blanc, et le grondement des volcans a paru exprimer la colère d'une terre bafouée. Mais cette fois, tandis que le milliardaire Byron Trumbo promène sur la grande île les Japonais auxquels il espère vendre un luxueux complexe hôtelier, des touristes disparaissent, le terrain de golf se jonche de cadavres démembrés, un chien monstrueux passe, une main humaine dans la gueule... Qui a déchaîné les forces de l'enfer dans l'éden hawaiien ? Eleanor, l'ethnologue, parcourt l'île avec le journal de voyage rédigé au siècle dernier par une personne de sa famille. Là, peut-être, dans cette année 1866 où la déesse Pélé fut invoquée contre les dieux maléfiques, réside la clef du mystère... Le romancier de Nuit d'été nous entraîne au cœur de l'archipel, de son histoire, de ses traditions, de ses mythologies, de ses somptueux paysages, pour faire surgir, du fond d'une réalité minutieusement observée et traduite, la terreur et le cauchemar.
 id : 243430 ISBN : 225313998X  | name : L'Homme nu  |  description : Et si la solitude devenait impossible ? Si un jour nous ne pouvions plus nous isoler, fermer notre conscience ? Si les pensées, les désirs, les pulsions des autres nous envahissaient à chaque minute, comme des écrans restés allumés ? Bremen, un mathématicien, a ce terrible pouvoir de divination. Longtemps, son union avec sa femme Gail, comme lui télépathe, lui a servi de bouclier. Mais Gail meurt d'un cancer, et le voilà seul dans le chaos, livré à la neuro-rumeur du monde... De Disneyland aux bas-fonds de Las Vegas, dans le sillage d'un crime dont il est le témoin, Bremen va vivre la plus effrayante odyssée à travers les ténèbres de la société et de l'homme, tout en s'accrochant à ses connaissances de chercheur pour dresser la carte des contrées inconnues de l'esprit. Le romancier de " Nuit d'été " nous entraîne, au gré de sa puissante imagination, dans un parcours où la science-fiction et le paranormal, mêlant leurs sortilèges, composent une fable philosophique moderne. " J'ai adoré " L'Homme nu ", sa beauté et sa tristesse. C'est un authentique chef-d'œuvre. " Stephen King.
 id : 243432 ISBN : 0786805218  | name : Christmas Soul  |  description : With original stories by Debbie Allen, Halle Berry, Jamie Foxx, Whitney Houston, D.L. Hughley, Monica, and more. In this collection of poignant and witty original stories, African American celebrities recount their favorite childhood Christmas memories. Accompanied by evocative oil pintings, these stories will illuminate the holidays for years to come. A portion of the proceeds for Christmas Soul will be donated to The United Negro College Fund.
 id : 243434 ISBN : 0740710443  | name : Isn't She Beautiful?  |  description : This charmer offers heartfelt and humorous thoughts on impending motherhood and the excitement associated with a baby girl's arrival. A great gift for new or expectant mothers.
 id : 243436 ISBN : 0060169753  | name : The Erotic Mind  |  description : Identifies unconventional facts about human sexuality that link such factors as anxiety, anger, and guilt to sexual arousal while presenting case stories that offer insight into enhancing the sexual experience. 35,000 first printing. $35,000 ad/promo. Tour.
 id : 243437 ISBN : 0689803338  | name : The Snow Angel  |  description : A little girl tries to keep a garden stone angel from getting cold.
 id : 243438 ISBN : 0312277024  | name : One Dead Drag Queen  |  description : A series of three bombs destroy a local health clinic, killing many and injuring many others including high school teacher and clinic volunteer Tom Mason. While Tom is hospitalized, his lover, professional baseball player Scott Carpenter, begins to believe that Tom may have been the intended victim of the bombing - the third bomb was wired to Tom's truck and Scott is receiving threatening letters saying that he's next. With a long suspect list and a mounting death toll, Scott must find the killer before the killer finds them.
 id : 243439 ISBN : 0312277083  | name : Troublemaker  |  description : Earl, a 20-something Southern kid, is adrift in life. After his father's death, his mother - who can no longer deal with him - sends him to live with his grandmother in Memphis. His grandmother, getting senile and paranoid, turns him out on the streets of Memphis and from there his path leads him to New York City. In New York, Earl works as a hustler, then as a kept boy, but ultimately fails at both. Addicted and lost, he ends up on a train back to Omaha, where his mother keeps her door closed against him. With nowhere else to go, Earl ends up walking the grounds of a local carnival where he meets Red, an enigmatic 20-something man to whom Earl tries to attach himself, only to have Red slip away. Now the obsession with Red is the only thing driving him and Earl takes off to find this man whom he barely knows. As the narrative moves backward and forwards in time, Troublemaker slowly reveals the truth about Earl, his past, his family, and his driving obsession with Red. Moving, compelling, and darkly funny, Troublemaker is about dislocation, obsession, and the search for affection. Pera's debut is a tour-de-force of voice and structure, marking the emergence of a major young writer.
 id : 243440 ISBN : 0811833828  | name : Bowled Over  |  description : Bowled Over harks back to an earlier era when folks swarmed to gleaming bowling emporiums for fine cuisine, fancy cocktails, and stiff competition. Positively packed with bowling memorabilia and anecdotes, Bowled Over covers bowlings history, fashion, champs, surly pinboys, lady bowlerettes, and alley architecture along with important tips on scoring and alley etiquette. Featuring over 100 vintage images culled from the Inter-national Bowling Museum and Hall of Fames archives, this colorful compendium is a punchy tribute to the ever-popular tradition and culture of bowling.
 id : 243441 ISBN : 0889782717  | name : Queeries  |  description : The first anthology of gay male prose ever published in Canada, acknowledging the dynamic growth of innovative and politically concerned writing from Canada's gay male community. The AIDS crisis and its devastating effects on the gay community have politicized and invigorated gay culture beyond the spectre of sexuality. The gay community has responded to these challenges with rage and defiance. Queeries provides eloquent evidence of this rage. Includes works by Jeff Kirby, Stan Persky, David Watmough, and others. Dennis Denisoff is the author of Dog Years and Tender Agencies.
 id : 243442 ISBN : 1551521377  | name : What Right?  |  description : Little Sister's Book & Art Emporium, Vancouver's legendary gay and lesbian bookstore, has long fought for freedom of expression, to the point of taking Canada Customs to court, charging that, by regularly seizing materials destined for the store (branding them "obscene"), the federal agency was guilty of harrassment and infringement of free speech. In December of 2000, the Supreme Court of Canada handed down a landmark decision in the case of Little Sister's Book & Art Emporium vs. Canada, stating that the onus of proving that expressive material is obscene lies with Canada Customs. Little Sister's battle against censorship continues, as they recently filed an appeal against Canada Customs for prohibiting the importation of two adult comic books in the Meatmen series. It is the belief of the owners and staff of Little Sister's that the comic books at issue have unquestionable artistic merit, and therefore do not fit the definition of obscenity. The comic books are anthologies of works by both prominent and up-and-coming gay artists. Some claim that comic art is not "artistic" but this is not a belief held by Arsenal Pulp Press. And so, we are pleased to announce the publication of two collections of comic art, by renowned and newer artists, dealing with the issue of censorship, with proceeds being donated to the Little Sister's Defence Fund to assist in their legal challenge to the actions of Canada Customs. The two volumes of What Right? are graphic interpretations of what it means to live in a society where we presumably enjoy the right to free speech, and what happens when, as often happens, that right is challenged. The first collection, subtitled Graphic Interpretations Against Censorship, includes comic art that confronts the serious issues around the denial of civil rights and freedom of speech in particular. The second collection, What's Wrong? subtitled Explicit Graphic Interpretations Against Censorship, includes comic art, often satirical, that epitomizes the kinds of materials that Canada Customs seems intent on censoring, by refusing to allow such materials into the hands of Canadian citizens. The two books in the What Right? series are fundraising projects for the Little Sister's Defence Fund. Arsenal Pulp Press is donating all proceeds over and above its production costs, and all individuals involved have donated their time, energy, and creative talents, to create two marvelous collections of engaging comic art. Each book includes an introduction by Mark Macdonald, author and buyer for Little Sister's Book & Art Emporium.
 id : 243443 ISBN : 1551521369  | name : What's Wrong?  |  description : An anthology of adult-themed comic artwork that epitomizes the kinds of comic art often censored or banned.
 id : 243446 ISBN : 0689802668  | name : A Kwanzaa Celebration Pop-Up Book  |  description : Publisher Description
 id : 243447 ISBN : 1841721840  | name : Bubbly  |  description : Nothing beats a glass of champagne or sparkling wine for celebrating the special occasions in life or for pepping up an otherwise ordinary day. Jonathan Ray's "Bubbly" has all the vivacity and elegance of a glass of your favourite fizz. In it he reveals the essential facts and illustrious history behind champagne and sparkling wines, explains how the wines are made and looks at the wealth of styles available. With the basics considered, he comes to the best part--how and when to drink bubbly. Be it pure and unadulterated, or as part of a gorgeously decadent cocktail such as Bellini or a Black Velvet, fizz is impossible to resist.-As seductive as a tall flute of lightly chilled fizz, "Bubbly" celebrates the magic of champagne and sparkling wine-Wise and witty text form leading young wine writer Jonathan Ray
 id : 243449 ISBN : 1551925540  | name : Love and Other Ruins  |  description : Young lesbian Nomi Rabinovitch begins a long-distance relationship with newove Julie Sakamoto, as her AIDS activist cousin Henry deals with hiseclining health.
 id : 243450 ISBN : 0684867931  | name : Is He Gay?  |  description : Hilariously written by two guys in the know (who have inadvertently broken the hearts of women), this essential, funny guide provides hints and "superhints" for all those women who have fallen head over heels for the perfect guy--only to find out he's gay.
 id : 243451 ISBN : 0789303353  | name : Design Directory Italy  |  description : Packaged in handy pocket-sized format, each book is brightly designed and takes a fresh new look art design concepts, encompassing everything from shoe designers to hi-fi systems, from cutlery to cameras, from lights to cars.
 id : 243452 ISBN : 0141180536  | name : The Naked Civil Servant  |  description : A comical and poignant memoir of a gay man living life as he pleased in the 1930s In 1931, gay liberation was not a movement—it was simply unthinkable. But in that year, Quentin Crisp made the courageous decision to "come out" as a homosexual. This exhibitionist with the henna-dyed hair was harrassed, ridiculed and beaten. Nevertheless, he claimed his right to be himself—whatever the consequences. The Naked Civil Servant is both a comic masterpiece and a unique testament to the resilience of the human spirit. For more than seventy years, Penguin has been the leading publisher of classic literature in the English-speaking world. With more than 1,700 titles, Penguin Classics represents a global bookshelf of the best works throughout history and across genres and disciplines. Readers trust the series to provide authoritative texts enhanced by introductions and notes by distinguished scholars and contemporary authors, as well as up-to-date translations by award-winning translators.
 id : 243454 ISBN : 0007640617  | name : Energize Your Life  |  description : A one-stop energy bible offers advice on increasing everyday energy levels for maximum zest and vitality. 300 color photos. 60 recipes.
 id : 243455 ISBN : 0689822243  | name : Elements Of Pop Up  |  description : Here at last is the definitive book on how to make a pop-up. Every aspect of the creation of a pop-up, known as paper engineering, is clearly and thoroughly covered. All types of parallel folds, angle folds, wheels, and pull tabs are accurately detailed verbally and visually, flat and in dimension. Also included is a history of pop-ups and a step-by-step photographic essay on how a pop-up is made from start to finish. This guided tour is perfect for aspiring pop-up creators, paper engineers, students, and appreciators of this unique art form.
 id : 243456 ISBN : 157912240X  | name : The Academy Awards  |  description : Presents a history of the Academy Awards with a year-by-year look at theominations and winners in each category.
 id : 243457 ISBN : 1555837417  | name : Onyx  |  description : "Striking in its bold depictions of both pleasure and paina?|a fresh angle on familiar themes of love and death and manifesting greater insight in its musings about living."-Publishers Weekly "Incredibly rich and densely textureda?|highly recommended."-Library Journal Three men. Two gay, one straight. Two searching for meaning in the face of loss, one searching for the heart of masculinity. What awakens between them will change their lives forever. The narrative-exploring six months in the life of Ray Henriques, a successful Manhattan record producer-unearths a sometimes jolting examination of how loss can awaken dormant desires and postponed dreams. Endings lead to beginnings, appearances do not match reality, and love can harden hearts as surely as it can expand them.
 id : 243459 ISBN : 0375727639  | name : The Practical Heart  |  description : In his fictional Falls, North Carolina–a watchful zone of stifling mores–Allan Gurganus’s fond and comical characters risk everything to protect their improbable hopes from prejudice, poverty, betrayal. Seeking warmth and true connection, they shield themselves and loved ones while creating a rarely-glimpsed world of valor, minor grandeur, side-street heroics. Muriel Fraser, a poor Scottish-born spinster, is the subject of a John Singer Sargent portrait in the imagination of her devoted grand-nephew. Tad Worth, a young man dying of AIDS, finds ways to restore vitality to old friends and 18th-century houses. Overnight, one pillar of the community, accused of child molesting, becomes the village pariah. And Clyde Delman, ugliest if kindest man in Falls, finds the love of his eight-year-old son jeopardized when troubling family secrets arise. In each of these splendid complex tales, Allan Gurganus wrings truths–sometimes bruising, ofttimes warming–from human hearts as immense as they are local.
 id : 243460 ISBN : 0836236475  | name : Thank You  |  description : Designed to emulate traditional, full-sized books, the fashions of classic bookmaking -- full-color throughout, stylized endpapers, fine quality paper, full-length text, and Smyth-sewn binding -- are represented in this line. They're tiny in size but gigantic in popularity. Based on some of our best-selling gift topics, these Pop-up Books are a must-buy item for millions of gift givers. Each spread contains a lavishly drawn, movable design with quotes or prose for entertainment and enlightenment.
 id : 243461 ISBN : 0689820313  | name : Arthur and the Sword  |  description : Among the most beloved of all of England's legends, the tale of a humble boy's magical ascension to the throne is retold with graceful simplicity and illustrated with artwork that glows with the beauty of finely wrought stained glass. Full color.
 id : 243462 ISBN : 0740708651  | name : A Book Is a Present You Can Open Again and Again  |  description : In each of these Take Four! Little Book Libraries, you'll find four of AMP's hot-selling Little Books, all centered on a popular theme. The books are packed in a cardboard folder and secured in pockets by a transparent plastic sleeve.Joy and inspiration from celebrated illustrator Mary Engelbreit. Titles include She Who Loves a Garden, Life Is Just a Chair of Bowlies, Don't Look Back, and All You Need Is a Friend.
 id : 243463 ISBN : 1896951368  | name : Cumberland  |  description : Shortlisted for the 2003 Amazon/Books In Canada First Novel Award A stunning first novel full of empathy, marked by an astounding maturity of insight. Cumberland is both a place and a state of mind; it is a small-town story of longing and loss in the manner of David Adams Richards. It is an exploration of loneliness and the fear of loneliness in lives limited by circumstance. Cumberland is an industrial town located halfway between Ottawa and Montreal on the shore of the St. Lawrence River. It's facing the close of its factories and mills in the wake of the North American Free Trade Agreement. Ernest, a mill worker whose job is lost when the mill closes, is fifty-two; his employment prospects are poor. His life to this point hasn't equipped him to face any more loss. Longing for companionship, he meets Bea, a waitress at Malouf's, the local pub. Bea lives in an apartment with Amanda, who left home at seventeen because she couldn¹t live with her mother and stepfather. Yearning for a better life, Amanda develops a crush on Nick, Ernest's drinking buddy, who represents many aspects of a better life — he has a Range Rover, owns a house — he is emotionally unavailable to Amanda, being a recently widowed single father. The lives of Ernest, Bea, Amanda, Nick, and his son Aaron come together, fall apart, and come together again in this memorable and emotionally satisfying
 id : 243464 ISBN : 0312926227  | name : Secrets of a Midnight Moon  |  description : Bear, the half-Indian son of a wealthy rancher, kidnaps the honey-haired Anna Jensen as she journeys to a new life in the California mountains
 id : 243465 ISBN : 0802776167  | name : The Danger Tree  |  description : Based on the stories of his mother's relatives, the Goodyears of Newfoundland, the author weaves the major events of the island throughout the 20th century into his own tale of the ill-starred fortunes of his family. Photos. Map.
 id : 243466 ISBN : 1560234180  | name : Bear Like Me  |  description : Fired from his job at Phag magazine, Peter Mallory has to find a way to make a living - and get revenge! When his best friend suggests writing a book about the bear community - and using his new 'bear' look to go undercover at Phag - Peter is soon letting his body hair grow and practicing the fine art of flannel couture. When Peter's sabotage campaign works only too well, he starts to run the risk of discovery. With an envious fellow bear set to unmask Peter as a fraud, and a relationship with an intriguing bear on the line, things are about to get very hairy!
 id : 243467 ISBN : 0758203101  | name : All I Want for Christmas  |  description : Four of Kensington's best-selling gay authors celebrate the holidays in style, with tales of Christmas love in this sexy quartet of novellas following the success of Summer Share.
 id : 243471 ISBN : 0452264340  | name : In Memory of Angel Clare  |  description : The new novel by the bestselling author of Hold Tight, this brilliant comedy of manners set among a group of Manhattan sophisticates depicts the friends of a dead filmmaker trying to put their lives back together--a task made more arduous by the young boyfriend he left behind.
 id : 243472 ISBN : 0525935002  | name : Heartlands  |  description : Heartlands records Rist's unique journey of exploration, a quest for the real gay America beyond the stereotypes of the popular media.
 id : 243475 ISBN : 0385476183  | name : Out, Loud, & Laughing  |  description : Hilarious and socially minded, this book features 15 of today's funniest gay and lesbian humorists, from stand-up comics like Kate Clinton and Frank Maya to the performance work of the Pomo Afro Homos and Marga Gomez to the queer Addison and Steele of the 1990s, Frank DeCaro and David Sedaris.
 id : 243476 ISBN : 0373614802  | name : A Dying Evil  |  description : The deadly hunt began in the United States as escalating terrorist incidents were linked to neo-Nazi fanatics calling themselves the Temple of the Nordic Covenant. Each time, Mack Bolan has been there to thwart the temple's grisly agenda for global dominance. But now the temple is going nuclear--and Bolan must prevent a bloodbath.
 id : 243477 ISBN : 1572971649  | name : Spider-Man and The Incredible Hulk  |  description : To stop an army of Hulk clones that is carving a path of destruction through Manhattan, Spidey and Hulk must sort out a maze of intrigue involving double agents--and the sinister Dr. Doom.
 id : 243481 ISBN : 0870407333  | name : Pop-up Greeting Cards  |  description : With the simple instructions and ready-made cut-out patterns attached, anyone can have fun making their own original and delightful pop-up greeting cards.
 id : 243482 ISBN : 0671524925  | name : How to Get Your Point Across in 30 Seconds--or Less  |  description : Whether writing a letter or memo, making a speech, asking for a rise or promotion, making a point or closing a sale, this tape shows how you might get your point across in 30 seconds, and get what you want.
 id : 243483 ISBN : 0823038734  | name : Painting Watercolors from Photographs  |  description : A handbook on the creation of water color paintings based on photographs includes advice on using color, simplifying details, and building a strong composition
 id : 243487 ISBN : 039519492X  | name : City  |  description : Text and black and white illustrations show how the Romans planned and constructed their cities for the people who lived within them.
 id : 243488 ISBN : 0823018490  | name : Flower Painting in Watercolor  |  description : This is a book on teaching you how to paint flowers with watercolor. It talks about materials, equipment, composition. direct painting, drybrush, using opaque, wash-over-wash, different types of flowers, lighting etc.--
 id : 243492 ISBN : 0395214076  | name : Pyramid  |  description : Text and black-and-white illustrations follow the intricate step-by-step process of the building of an ancient Egyptian pyramid.
 id : 243493 ISBN : 0395340659  | name : Underground  |  description : Text and drawings describe the subways, sewers, building foundations, telephone and power systems, columns, cables, pipes, tunnels, and other underground elements of a large modern city.
 id : 243496 ISBN : 0740725408  | name : Mary Engelbreit Poster Book: Christmas Classics  |  description : You better watch out; you better not cry; better not pout; I'm telling you why: because Mary Engelbreit's new Christmas Classics Poster Book is here! Inside this third edition poster book, you'll find 12 classic Mary Engelbreit Christmas images, focused on the joy of this grand and glorious holiday, and sized at 11 x 14 -- a standard frame size -- they're perfect for decorating any room in the house or even the classroom! Again you'll find on the back of each poster a personal insight from Mary explaining her inspiration for the drawing. This classic Christmas collection is sure to bring a twinkling to the eye of every Mary Engelbreit fan! Images included are: -- Santa Marches On -- Good List -- Santa and the Snowboys -- Christmasville -- Open Your Heart -- Peace on Earth -- Believe -- Better Not Pout -- Merrily, Merrily -- Nature Is Full of Genius -- Animals Christmas -- Don't Waste the Miracle
 id : 243498 ISBN : 0836236777  | name : Claus and Effect  |  description : The warmth and whimsy of Mary Engelbreit's work is even better when shared with a friend -- and Mary's gift books from Andrews McMeel Publishing are the perfect way to spread the joy. This hot-selling line of 17 gift books includes titles covering friendship, marriage, birthdays, motherhood, and more.
 id : 243499 ISBN : 0688178006  | name : The Stable Rat, and Other Christmas Poems  |  description : In these poems author captures the mystery and magic of the Nativity for readers of every age.
 id : 243500 ISBN : 0698115953  | name : The Night Before Christmas  |  description : Gennady Spirins classic illustrations convey the magic of St. Nicks visit, from the shadows cast by his sleigh and eight tiny reindeer on a snowy, moonlit roof to the twinkling eyes and rosy cheeks of his friendly face. "The Night Before Christmas" is sure to bring joy to all those who read it at Christmastime.
 id : 243501 ISBN : 0399524754  | name : Naturally Powerful  |  description : In this unique and inspiring book of activities, Valerie Wells has drawn upon both ancient wisdom and modern mind/body techniques to help enliven every facet of your life with positive energy and natural power. Some of the actions are physical (simple exercises based on yoga and other practices). Some are spiritual (re-evaluating goals, expressing desires, re-discovering your true self). Other exercises take a more practical approach to life (enhancing communication, reducing stress, and establishing contact with others). Filled with simple activities, arts, exercises, and more, Naturally Powerful provides a complete, integrated work-out for your body, mind, heart, and soul.
 id : 243502 ISBN : 0689840535  | name : The Night Before Christmas  |  description : Moore's beloved holiday poem gets a new twist in this entertaining coloring book. Dad's a cool cat in his nightgown and stocking cap and good ol' St. Nick arrives as a roly-poly bear. Twenty-five sticker illustrations of peppermint canes, teddy bears, and other traditional images add to the holiday fun.
 id : 243504 ISBN : 0786806087  | name : The Night Before Christmas  |  description : Using the famous poem by Clement C. Moore, William Wegman presents the photographs of fantastic dogs for which he is renowned and offers a fresh take on Moore's classic verse.
 id : 243505 ISBN : 0689841566  | name : Silent Night  |  description : One Christmas Eve, Santa Claus is hounded by a vigilant dog while delivering presents. The adults in the house can't see what the dog is barking at, but the persistent pooch follows St. Nick from room to room and even tries to bite the jolly old elf. When a scrap of fabric is found by the fireplace in the morning, the adults understand what the dog was watching. Includes a piece of Santa's suit. Full-color illustrations.
 id : 243506 ISBN : 0786853131  | name : Walt Disney's Santa's Toy Shop  |  description : One Christmas Eve as Santa is making his deliveries, he finally gets a chance to play with all the toys in his sack.
 id : 243507 ISBN : 0740726986  | name : The Book Of Santa Claus  |  description : Portrayals of Saint Nicholas from antique Christmas postcards and books.
 id : 243508 ISBN : 0195147782  | name : Reverence  |  description : Looks at the meaning of reverence and its role in religion and society.
 id : 243510 ISBN : 1555838154  | name : Letters to Montgomery Clift  |  description : Radiantaffecting. A writer to reckon with. --Publishers Weekly
 id : 243511 ISBN : 0892365986  | name : Murano  |  description : Mark Doty's moving poem, illustrated with details of sixteen pieces of dazzling Murano glass from the collection of the Getty Museum.
 id : 243512 ISBN : 0807066095  | name : Still Life with Oysters and Lemon  |  description : Mark Doty's prose has been hailed as "tempered and tough, sorrowing and serene" (The New York Times Book Review) and "achingly beautiful" (The Boston Globe). In Still Life with Oysters and Lemon he offers a stunning exploration of our attachment to ordinary things-how we invest objects with human store, and why.
 id : 243513 ISBN : 0892366583  | name : Seeing Venice  |  description : Bernardo Bellotto's magnificent View of the Grand Canal provides a rich visual record of life in eighteenth-century Venice. This painting--one of the most popular in the Getty Museum--is so sweeping in its scope and so detailed that it requires repeated viewings to take in its portrait of daily life in Venice in the 1780s. This small book presents Bellotto's great painting in a series of beautiful details that allow the reader to examine the painting closely and enjoy the colorful and busy goings-on of Venetian life captured so unforgettably by Bellotto. The book jacket unfolds to become a small poster of the painting in its entirety. Accompanying these delightful images is a lyrical essay by noted American poet Mark Doty. Together, Bellotto's painting and Doty's prose make for an unforgettable encounter with the art and life of Venice.
 id : 243518 ISBN : 069101115X  | name : Unnatural Doubts  |  description : In Unnatural Doubts, Michael Williams constructs a masterly polemic against the very idea of epistemology, as traditionally conceived. Although philosophers have often found problems in efforts to study the nature and limits of human knowledge, Williams provides the first book that systematically argues against there being such a thing as knowledge of the external world. He maintains that knowledge of the world consitutes a theoretically coherent kind of knowledge, whose possibility needs to be defended, only given a deeply problematic doctrine he calls "epistemological realism." The only alternative to epistemological realism is a thoroughgoing contextualism.
 id : 243520 ISBN : 1585671061  | name : Olive Farm  |  description : A woman and her family restore an overgrown olive farm in the south of France and in the process create a reality from their dream of a peaceful and meaningful life.
 id : 243521 ISBN : 0802079148  | name : Queer Judgments  |  description : MacDougall sifts through hundreds of reported and unreported cases of the past four decades in order to uncover the subjective assumptions and biases operating in Canadian courts.
 id : 243525 ISBN : 0802084605  | name : Never Going Back  |  description : Drawing on interviews with leading gay and lesbian activists across Canada, Warner chronicles and analyzes a tumultuous grassroots struggle for sexual liberation, legislated equality, and fundamental social change.
 id : 243526 ISBN : 041508248X  | name : The Politics and Poetics of Camp  |  description : The Politics and Poetics of Camp is a radical reappraisal of the meaning and discourse of camp. The contributors look at both the meaning and the uses of camp performance, and ask: is camp a style, or a witty but nonetheless powerful cultural critique? The essays investigate camp from its early formations in the seventeenth and eighteenth century to its present manifestations in queer theatre and literature. They also take a fascinating look at the complex relationship between queer discourse and decidedly un-queer pop culture appropriations on film and on the stage. The Politics and Poetics of Camp is an incisive, uncontainable and entertaining collection of essays by some of the foremost critics working in queer theory, from a number of disciplinary perspectives. This book makes a well-timed intervention into an emerging debate.
 id : 243527 ISBN : 0802082521  | name : Governing from the Centre  |  description : Agencies and policies instituted to streamline Ottawa's planning process instead concentrate power in the hands of the Prime Minister, more powerful in Canadian politics than the U.S. President in America. Riveting, startling, and indispensable reading.
 id : 243528 ISBN : 0553101641  | name : A Song for the Asking  |  description : Noted for his perfectionism and intolerance of weakness in any form, maverick LAPD detective Daniel Kane places demanding, often harsh, expectations on his colleagues and family during one particularly painful summer. A first novel. 40,000 first printing. $40,000 ad/promo.
 id : 243529 ISBN : 0887306136  | name : The Practice of Management  |  description : A classic since its publication in 1954, The Practice of Management has been a continuing international bestseller for nearly forty years. It was the first book to look at management as a whole, the first to depict management as a distinct function, managing as a specific work, and being a manager as a separate responsibility. The Practice of Management created the discipline of modern management practices and principles. Comprehensive yet concise, clearly presented and readable, fundamental and basic, it remains an essential book for students, aspiring managers, and seaso
 id : 243531 ISBN : 0737016167  | name : The Pritikin Principle  |  description : Shows how to lose weight effectively through a program that involves creating a varied menu, following specific recipes, and combining foods to reduce their caloric content.
 id : 243532 ISBN : 0805745343  | name : A Road to Stonewall  |  description : Since the June 1969 uprising at New York's Stonewall Inn, the very word "Stonewall" has become etched in the American psyche as a synonym for "liberation". Stonewall proved a cataclysmic marker in the lives of gay men and lesbians: it was the point after which gay people were no longer content to live in fearful silence as their most basic rights were trampled on or ignored. Stonewall happened because homosexuals of all races revolted against an act of official oppression. It was indeed a beginning, but it was also the culmination of a long struggle against the tyranny of socially regulated and defined speech about homosexuality. In this insightful and engaging analysis, Byrne R. S. Fone maps out one very significant road to Stonewall - the literary course of male homoerotic desire and the homophobia that has made so much of what homosexuals have written so passionate and moving. Most of the texts Fone analyzes presume that sexuality is the central aspect of identity. Whereas gay literature since 1969 has been a vocal and supporting partner to the activism that has characterized the movement for lesbian and gay rights, before 1969 there were few political initiatives and only a handful of organized groups: the text was dominant.
 id : 243533 ISBN : 0525458999  | name : Jolly Old Saint Nicholas  |  description : Arranged By: Rovenger, Leopold W.
 id : 243534 ISBN : 0500279306  | name : The Colours of Thailand  |  description : Photographs and descriptive text celebrate the country's people, festivals, culture, and religion
 id : 243535 ISBN : 0865733430  | name : Home Decor for Beginners  |  description : -- The wire-o binding allows the book to lay flat for easy viewing. -- Includes a reference section on the care and use of sewing machines.
 id : 243536 ISBN : 0671781502  | name : Keith Haring  |  description : Interweaving Haring's own words with the reflections of those who knew him, this book captures the remarkable life and spirit of one of the most celebrated artists of our time, who died at age 31 in 1990. Haring candidly discusses all aspects of his life, from his controversial approach to art to coming to terms with AIDS. Illustrated with full-color reproductions of the artist's strikingly original works.
 id : 243537 ISBN : 0892967315  | name : The Last Blue Plate Special  |  description : It seems impossible that two healthy female politicians could have both died from a cerebral hemorrhage within days of each other. The police hire Blue McCarron and Roxie Bouchie as consultants. The two women, who are involved professionally and personally, work with evangelical preachers, former convicts, and paintball playing plastic surgeons in order to find this unorthodox killer.
 id : 243538 ISBN : 039527673X  | name : Baboushka and the Three Kings  |  description : "Baboushka, verse by Edith M. Thomas, music by Mary Clement Sanks": p. [26]-[27].
 id : 243539 ISBN : 0425176770  | name : Apparition Alley  |  description : In a compelling novel of police misconduct and scandal, Kate Delafield is drawn into what appears to be a shocking conspiracy to prevent the outing of gay cops. "An unqualified knockout".--"Lambda Book Report".
 id : 243540 ISBN : 0060285753  | name : The Christmas Ship  |  description : When Father Christmas pays a visit on Christmas Eve, Sam's busiest time of the year gets even busier. The problem, as Father Christmas explains, is that he's running behind schedule and wants Sam to help him out. For Sam, who's facing the closing of his ramshackle shop, the task seems impossible. After all, he has no sleigh or reindeer. But that's where a little magic comes in. Before the wonderful night is past, Sam and his young friend Joey get the chance to make some unusual deliveries and, most importantly, share in the true spirit of Christmas.
 id : 243541 ISBN : 0716721341  | name : Mind Sights  |  description : This book introduces us to the author's wonderfully original drawings of visual tricks, to the origins of his scientific and artistic work, and to his brilliant reflections on the nature of art, perception, and the mind.
 id : 243542 ISBN : 0262610418  | name : Inversions  |  description : Backword by Jef Raskin "Inversions" are words that read the same upside down or in a mirror. Or words cleverly hidden inside other words. Each has something to fool the eye, a special visual trick; at the same time the words Kim has chosen to illustrate in this imaginative catalog of challenging visual wordplay reflect the idea of symmetry, both in art and in science. Sixty pages of images portray short and long words, words describing symmetries, variations on Godel, Escher, Bach and on calligraphic themes, and contemporary, historical, and personal names. They are followed by an illustrated text that explores the skills that go into making inversions: symmetry, vision, and letterforms; processes and examples; and associations with music, wordplay, and art. The book is designed so that the text is also symmetrical - what is said in the lefthand column of a page frequently matches the meaning of what is said in the righthand column. Scott Kim is a PhD. candidate in computer science and graphic design at Stanford University.
 id : 243543 ISBN : 0670830127  | name : Handbook for the Positive Revolution  |  description : In hundreds of little, often aphoristic, "print-byten," de Bono builds on his popular I am right--you are wrong (Viking, 1991), demonstrating how we can change ourselves and the world with positive and constructive attitudes. Kind of a New Age Dale Carnegie. Annotation copyrighted by Book News, Inc., Portland, OR
 id : 243544 ISBN : 0062512447  | name : The Third Millennium  |  description : 'A keen, poetic description of the emerging spiritual awareness.'JAMES F REDFIELD, author of 'The Celestine Prophecy'A timeless and visionary blueprint for conscious living and quantum change as we approach the next century.'Mag
 id : 243545 ISBN : 0140092102  | name : The Triarchic Mind  |  description : Although academic performance has long been associated with intelligence, Sternberg shows that true intelligence is not made up of "book smarts" alone; it encompasses common sense and the ability to think in novel ways.
 id : 243546 ISBN : 0674576241  | name : The Mind's Best Work  |  description : Looks at the processes of mental leaps, introspection, insight, and critical response in an attempt to understand the nature of creativity
 id : 243548 ISBN : 0671644718  | name : Pinocchio in Venice  |  description : Internationally renowned author Robert Coover returns with a major new novel set in Venice and featuring one of its most famous citizens, Pinocchio. The result is a brilliant philosophical discourse on what it means to be human; a hilarious, bawdy adventure; and a fitting tribute to the history, grandeur, and decay of Venice itself. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 243549 ISBN : 0425068129  | name : The Ghost Light  |  description : An autobiographical essay accompanies stories about a night light that attracts ghosts, a psychologist who investigates a murder plot, a super-intelligent cat, and a man who throws dice with the devil
 id : 243550 ISBN : 067121280X  | name : How to Read a Book  |  description : "The classic guide to intelligent reading"--Cover.
 id : 243553 ISBN : 1881052346  | name : The End of Bureaucracy & the Rise of the Intelligent Organization  |  description : Explains why bureaucracies no longer work, suggests a way to organize businesses to take advantage of the intelligence of each employee, and shares practical examples
 id : 243556 ISBN : 0749906197  | name : Inner Harbour  |  description : Set on the windswept shores of Chesapeake Bay, international best-selling author Nora Roberts's presents Inner Harbour, the third book in the Quinn Brothers quartet, which continues the story of the lives and loves of adopted brothers Ethan, Cameron, and Philip Quinn. Philip Quinn is juggling his high-powered advertising job and his new-found family duty of helping to care for his young adopted brother, Seth, when Dr. Sybill Griffin shows up in the sleepy town of St. Christopher. Phillip had done everything to make his life seem perfect. With his career on the fast track and a condo overlooking the Inner Harbour, his life on the streets was firmly in the past. But one look at Seth, and he's reminded of the boy he once was. Seth's future as a Quinn seems assured - until Dr. Griffin shows up. She claims to be researching St. Christopher's for her new book, but the true objects of her study are the Quinn brothers. Her cool reserve intrigues Phillip. He is determined to uncover her motives, and while Sybill can't deny her own growing feelings for the charismatic Quinn, the secret she hides has the power to threaten the life that the brothers have made for Seth, and destroy any chance that the two young lovers have at happiness
 id : 243558 ISBN : 0812913280  | name : Three Scientists and Their Gods  |  description : Examines the concepts of information, meaning, and purpose, describes the function of information at various levels of organization, and discusses the theories of Edward Fredkin, Edward O. Wilson, and Kenneth Blouding
 id : 243559 ISBN : 0679425969  | name : Stories in the Worst Way  |  description : Whether unfolding within the fluorescent glare of the office or in educational cloisters in the present-day United States, these crucial, often darkly hilarious arraignments and instigations place before us a parade of marital defectives, self-terrorized apartment house solitaries, shifty professors, sleep-sickened homework graders and indexers--all running through the heart's entire repertory in pursuit of a fitting catastrophe of the self.
 id : 243561 ISBN : 0525941754  | name : Memories of My Ghost Brother  |  description : This autobiographical novel explores the coming of age of an Amerasian boy in Korea, torn between his mother's world - haunted by the specter of Japanese occupations and ruled by the imperatives of the spirit kingdom - and his father's transplanted America, the local U.S. army base where G.I.s are preparing for combat in another Asian nation, Vietnam. Young Insu grows up in the chaotic streets of Pupyong, among black marketeers, prostitutes, and castoff biracial children. Death comes daily to Pupyong - through cholera, murder, fatal accidents that are either sad or suspicious - and touches Insu's life directly when his beloved aunt commits suicide after being cruelly spurned by her G.I. lover, and his friend James is found drowned in a drain and neighborhood gossips accuse James's mother, whose pursuit of a new blond husband would have been hampered by a half-black son. Although life on the streets is brutal, and the American school Insu attends no better, his Korean family provides him with love and the nourishment of stories and laughter. Like his mother, Insu is attuned to the world of spirits, and he is haunted by the ghost figure of a young boy, a secret half-brother. When Insu learns the true identity of his ghost brother, he also makes a painful discovery about the corrosive prejudices that have torn his family apart.
 id : 243563 ISBN : 0816618666  | name : Social Semiotics as Praxis  |  description : A contribution to the development of a critical neomaterialist social semiotic theory and practice. Theorizes the relations between dynamic contextual processes and their textual products in the making, maintaining, and changing of systems of social meaning. Nabokov's 1969 novel is the guinea pig. Also available in paper (1866-6), $16.95. Annotation copyrighted by Book News, Inc., Portland, OR
 id : 243564 ISBN : 1861052952  | name : Laws and Disorders  |  description : In this hilarious and informative book Richard De 'ath has collected together the most incredible, the most amusing and the most amazing laws that exist around the world ranging from hairdressers who can break the law if they eat onions; animals that risk imprisonment by grazing on private prpoerty; and even couples who are under legal threat if the make love in a car and accidently sound the horn! No statute book is left unopened as the author discovers the most peculiar and entertaining instances of the lawmaker's art.
 id : 243565 ISBN : 157027021X  | name : Format and Anxiety  |  description : Paul Goodman, anarchist critic and author of Growing Up Absurd and Communitas, never wrote a book devoted exclusively to media. Yet he thought the condition of popular arts and news services in America so desperate that by 1964 he was calling it a constitutional crisisby which he meant that our democracy could no longer claim to be based in the public mores or have its justification in the public good, because of the usurpation of every forum by centralized media overseers. Inevitably, then, most of his books raised fundamental questions about the political and cultural effects of the media while addressing his primary concernseducation, psychotherapy, language theory, literary criticism, community planning, and his decentralist program for the New Left. In Format & Anxiety, Taylor Stoehr has assembled a full and coherent view of Goodmans attitudes toward TV, cinema, popular culture, censorship, and the universe of discourse in which these phenomena exist
 id : 243567 ISBN : 0020795904  | name : How to Speak, how to Listen  |  description : The types of oral communication are discussed and tips are given on how to prepare a speech.
 id : 243569 ISBN : 0465067859  | name : Where Does The Weirdness Go?  |  description : The author of The End of Physics--with over 20,000 copies sold in hardcover and paperback--now presents a short, intelligently written, and fun guide to quantum physics that fully explains the strange and seemingly spooky effects that manifest themselves at the subatomic level.
 id : 243570 ISBN : 0393038750  | name : Hearing Voices  |  description : An old man is pushed to his death from a skyscraper in 1960s New York. He is Virgil D. Everett, a pharmaceutical tycoon, supporter of the radical right, manuscript collector and father of sorts of the contraception pill. Who did it and why? Part mystery,p
 id : 243572 ISBN : 067174027X  | name : Marking Time  |  description : Discusses the relationship of depression, addiction, and other psychological disorders to temporal imbalance, a lack of perspective on past, present, and future and an anxiety about what lies ahead
 id : 243573 ISBN : 0688149766  | name : The Tin Woodman of Oz  |  description : Join the Tin Woodman and the Scarecrow as they journey across the fantastic magical Land of Oz in search of the Tin Woodman's long-lost sweetheart. In a series of adventures sure to thrill Oz fans both old and new, these beloved friends face such challenges as a selfish giantess and a group of quarrelsome dragons--all to fulfill a promise made long ago to a beautiful Munchkin girl. The Tin Woodman sits on the glittering tin throne of his splendid tin castle, ruling the Winkle Country of the Land of Oz with the help of his best friend, the Scarecrow. All is peaceful and well, but when a young wanderer named Woot asks the Tin Woodman how he came to be made of tin, the emperor recalls his days as a flesh-and-blood woodchopper and his love for Nimmie Amee, a Munchkin girl so fair that the sunsets blushed when they fell upon her. The three quickly decide to set out on a daring quest to reunite the Tin Woodman with his lost love and ask Nimmie Amee to be Empress of the Winkie Country. During their travels, they battle dragons and loons, a mighty sorceress, and an all-too-hungry beast called the Hippo-gy-raf. Luckily, they are joined in their search by their old friend Polychrome, the Rainbow's Daughter, and are aided by Dorothy and Princess Ozma--the powerful fairy ruler of the Land of Oz. But just when they think their troubles are over and their quest is complete, they discover a surprise that leaves all of them truly astounded! This deluxe edition of the rare first edition features all twelve of Oz artist John R. Neill's beautiful color plates, along with his nearly one hundred black-and-white drawings, making this a book sure to be treasured for years to come. In a series of adventures sure to thrill OZ fans both old and new, the Tin Woodman and the Scarecrow journey across the magical Land of Oz in search of the Tin Woodman's long-lost sweetheart, a beautiful Munchkin girl. This deluxe edition of the rare first edition features all twelve of Oz artist John R. Neill's beautiful color plates, along with his nearly one hundred black and white drawings, and is a great way to celebrate the upcoming centenary of Oz!
 id : 243576 ISBN : 0887308090  | name : The Death of Competition  |  description : Grasping the complex, hidden patterns in today's competitive terrain, Moore envisions a future characterized by organized chaos. As the old powers wait and wonder, vast new fortunes flourish where entrepreneurs jostle to integrate technologies and cultivate utterly new markets of unimaginable richness.
 id : 243578 ISBN : 067470777X  | name : The Problem of Order  |  description : At the end of the twentieth century, many fear that the bonds holding civil society together have come undone. Yet, as the noted scholar Dennis Wrong shows us, our generation is not alone in fearing a breakdown of social ties and a descent into violent conflict. Modern masters such as Hobbes, Rousseau, Freud, Mead, Parsons, Marx, Durkheim, and Weber tried to understand what in human nature provokes social cooperation and solidarity and what arouses conflict and chaos. To minimize discord and promote civility, society must grasp the psychological and sociological elements of human nature involved in attaining that end. The author affords an illuminating perspective on our own efforts to create a well-functioning system that allows for productive and meaningful lives and remains open to change and growth. This important book reveals the individual and social processes that offer potential for reconciliation in the present and the future.
 id : 243579 ISBN : 1572313137  | name : Microsoft Word 97 Step by Step  |  description : Work through every lesson to complete the full course, or do individual lessons to learn just the skills you need. Either way, you learn at your optimum pace from the teacher who knows the best--you. This "Step by Step" book has prebuilt practice files to help you quickly learn by doing. The lie-flat binding means the book stays open as you work.
 id : 243580 ISBN : 078971020X  | name : 10 Minute Guide to Excel 97  |  description : The 10 Minute Guide to Excel 97 offers simple, practical help for busy people who need fast results. Through goal-oriented, 10-minute lessons, you'll learn all the essential tasks for creating powerful worksheets. 10 minutes is all you'll need to create and customize your own toolbar; enter different types of dat: numbers, dates, times, and more; create and save workbook files; add columns, rows, headers, and footers; perform calculations with formulas and functions; use styles to format cells; add cell borders and shading; and save Excel data in/on the Internet or an intranet.
 id : 243581 ISBN : 006016591X  | name : The New Individualists  |  description : A study of the sons and daughters of the original organization men, Americans born between 1946 and 1964 and reared in households headed by fathers who worked in large organizations. These men and women of the babyboom are redefining both the organization and individualism, with profound consequences for both.
 id : 243582 ISBN : 0814402720  | name : Hidden Dynamics  |  description : This guide offers practical advice for turning strong feelings into a positive force for building a more vigorous organization and enhancing your own job satisfaction. It's packed with examples, exercises, and tools for training that will help you improve individual and team performance; reduce interpersonal conflict and barriers to cooperation; integrate feelings and facts when making business decisions; develop managerial skills of facilitation, communication, and leadership; and motivate employees to take more responsibility. Emotional needs always express themselves one way or another, even in a business environment, says the author. Understanding the "Eight Principles of Emotions" described here will give you unique insights into why people behave the way they do. Armed with this valuable knowledge, you'll learn to deal with typical workplace issues and situations.
 id : 243583 ISBN : 0684809052  | name : I Know Many Songs, But I Cannot Sing  |  description : "Brian Kiteley has chosen as backdrop for this mesmerizing tale the ancient city of Cairo. An American known only as Ib encounters an Armenian named Gamal-Leon, who begins to follow Ib as a practical joke one evening toward the end of Ramadan, the period when Muslims fast during the day and feast most of the night." "As the two strangers roam the streets in the deepening night, we swim with Ib against a tide of mistranslations, misunderstanding, and rumor, and are submerged with him in a heady, almost hallucinatory experience of foreignness."--BOOK JACKET.Title Summary field provided by Blackwell North America, Inc. All Rights Reserved
 id : 243584 ISBN : 0913299707  | name : Ceremonies for Change  |  description : An original and insightful guide to acknowledging personal change amd coping with life in transition through ritual and ceremony. Includes a set of 24 removable ceremonial cards with detailed instructions for their use. These convenient cards make it easy to create uniquely personal ceremonies for life's special occasions and trying times.
 id : 243585 ISBN : 0394583523  | name : The Work of Nations  |  description : An analysis of what nations must do if their citizens are to flourish in the twenty-first century.
 id : 243586 ISBN : 0679729542  | name : I Think, Therefore I Laugh  |  description : Uses jokes, stories, parables, and puzzles to explain concepts in math, science, and philosophy, including syllogisms, metalanguage, causality, truth and randomness
 id : 243588 ISBN : 0787902438  | name : The Connective Edge  |  description : Connect with a new kind of leadership Welcome to the Connective Era, an era of global competition that transforms arch-rivals into allies and compels them to cooperate in unprecedented ways--an era of fundamental change that demands a new approach to leadership. With this book, internationally acclaimed consultant Jean Lipman-Blumen defines that approach with a bold new model based on an innovative nine-part strategy. She provides historic examples from Wall Street to the Warsaw Pact, from Gorbachev to Ghandi. And she delineates the skills leaders need in order to flourish under the demands of interorganizational relationships, joint ventures, and strategic partnerships.
 id : 243590 ISBN : 0671691961  | name : Ideas and Information  |  description : A scientist probes the nature of computer information, exploring the assemblage of symbols, numbers, words, and pictures that make up information, the degree to which machines extract meaning, and the destined role of machines in our lives
 id : 243591 ISBN : 0440507383  | name : The Dell Book of Logic Problems  |  description : The sixth title in the popular Dell Logic Problem series offers 75 logic problems, from visually-oriented puzzles to verbal conundrums, in an attractive new package. Designed for every level of participant, this collection is fun, challenging, and logically enough, puzzling.
 id : 243592 ISBN : 0060114193  | name : The Autumn of the Patriarch  |  description : Gabriel Garcia Marquez, renowned as a master of magical realism, creates stories that grip the imagination. Set in exotic locals, peoples with unforgettable characters, and crafted with exquisite prose, his stories transport the reader to a world that is at once fanciful and real. One of Gabriel Garcia Marquez's most intricate and ambitious works, The Autumn of the Patriarch is a brilliant tale of a Caribbean tyrant and the corruption of power. Employing an innovative, dreamlike style, the novel is overflowing with symbolic descriptions as it vividly portrays the dying tyrant caught in the prison of his own dictatorship. From charity to deceit, benevolence to violence, fear of God to extreme cruelty, the dictator embodies at once the best and the worst of human nature.
 id : 243593 ISBN : 0811828433  | name : Milton Goes to the Vet  |  description : A reluctant cat is taken to the veterinarian for an examination.
 id : 243594 ISBN : 0440500443  | name : Accelerated Learning  |  description : A revolutionary new time-saving method to learn practically everything--from a new language to creativity--by using relaxation, visualization, the right and left sides of the brain, and the conscious and unconscious mind.
 id : 243595 ISBN : 0140564551  | name : The Christmas Bear  |  description : Unable to sleep, a young bear stumbles into Santa's workshop and helps with the preparations for the busiest night of the year.
 id : 243597 ISBN : 0679431837  | name : Open Water  |  description : When Holly Temple, divorced and on probation for torching her ex-husband's bed, meets up with a petty theif recently discharged from the Navy and his terminally ill stepmother, inventive strategies are needed to cope with what comes her way
 id : 243598 ISBN : 0786865210  | name : A Garden in Lucca  |  description : This lyrical portrait of an antique Italian villa with its charming caretaker, olive groves, and vineyards is filled with hilarious garden misadventures, witty sketches of eccentric fellow gardeners, and sensuous studies of Tuscan daily life. Entertaining for its garden side trips, its generous information about Mediterranean plants, Italian garden history and lore, A Garden in Lucca is, at its heart, a compelling journey of self-discovery that shares with readers the joys and challenges of creating a personal paradise on earth.
 id : 243600 ISBN : 0809074478  | name : Innumeracy  |  description : Portion of edition statement from Contents.
 id : 243601 ISBN : 0380760630  | name : Stoneskin's Revenge  |  description : Back from helping end the war in Faerie, Calvin McIntosh returns to his own world, unwittingly opening a gate to the evil Spearfinger, a Stoneskin that feeds on human flesh, and it is up to the young Cherokee shaman to stop the monster
 id : 243602 ISBN : 0486245462  | name : Santa Claus Paper Dolls in Full Color  |  description : Immortal yuletide figure now a paper doll. Evolution of true Saint Nick to Santa Claus in 4 dolls, 18 historically accurate costumes.
 id : 243609 ISBN : 1853264059  | name : The Works of Rudyard Kipling  |  description : This edition of the poetry of Rudyard Kipling contains all of his verse. His poetry uses many rhythms and popular forms of speech, ranging from dramatic monologues to extended ballads. Often mistakenly branded as a fascist, Kipling's attitudes changed over the years, revealing a darker side.
 id : 243611 ISBN : 0385116632  | name : Bloody Mary  |  description : A rich biography of "Bloody Mary" that exposes other themes in Mary Tudor's reign. Bearing extraordinary burdens, Mary ruled with full measure of the Tudor majesty and met the challenges of severe economic crises, rebellion, and religious upheaval capably and with courage. Photos. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 243615 ISBN : 0671247557  | name : The Feast of All Saints  |  description : Before the Civil War, there lived in Louisiana, people unique in Southern history. For though they were descended from African slaves, they were also descended from the French and Spanish who enslaved them. In this dazzling historical novel, Anne Rice chronicles four of these so-called Free People of Color--men and women caught periolously between the worlds of master and slave, privilege and oppression, passion and pain." Anne Rice seems to be at home everywhere....She makes us believe everything she sees." THE NEW YORK TIMES
 id : 243616 ISBN : 1562828851  | name : Making Peace in Your Step-Family  |  description : Explains how to deal with the conflicts that arise and effective steps to create a happy family.
 id : 243619 ISBN : 0791424685  | name : A Theory of Textuality  |  description : This book is just what it says it is: A theory of textuality divided into two parts, logical and epistemological.
 id : 243620 ISBN : 0399140964  | name : The Achievement Zone  |  description : A sports psychologist introduces a step-by-step, eight-point program designed to help readers perform well under pressure in a competitive environment.
 id : 243622 ISBN : 0930242033  | name : The Study of the Future  |  description : This unique reference work - the companion volume to The Study of the Future- is designed to make the tools of future studies accessible to the general public as well as to professional futurists. Here for the first time in a single, convenient format are the organizations, individuals, books and periodicals, current research projects, educational programs, films, audio-tapes, and other resources that can help anyone concerned with exploring alternatives for the future.
 id : 243623 ISBN : 0688095534  | name : A Model World and Other Stories  |  description : Collection of 11 short fictions by òne of the best of America's young fiction writers' - LJ review.
 id : 243624 ISBN : 0803893620  | name : Mapplethorpe  |  description : Written by his ex-lover, this provocative new memoir offers an affectionate, unfiltered view of highly controversial gay photographer Robert Mapplethorpe, who died from AIDS in 1989. Featuring 32 pages of photographs by and of Mapplethorpe, this intimate portrait is raw and explicit, tender and nostalgic, fascinating and illuminating.
 id : 243625 ISBN : 0890875057  | name : Loving Someone Gay  |  description : With gay marriage making headlines across the nation. LOVING SOMONE GAY is perhaps more relevant--and needed than ever. In the original 1977 edition. Dr. Don Clark brought the first truly positive profile of gay identity to a general audience and contributed to the groundswell of the gay rights movement. In the 1980s. AIDS forever changed not only gay communities, but also the global landscape as prejudice yielded to knowledge that the HIV virus crosses the imagined barriers of gender, sexual orientation and lifestyle. A new edition responded to the crisis. Thoroughly revised for the fourth time. LOVING SOMEONE GAY remains the most comprehensive profile of positive gay identity in print, offering courageous support and compassionate guidance for gay men and lesbians and the friends and families who love them.
 id : 243626 ISBN : 1895837294  | name : Guilty  |  description : A comical and erotic murder-mystery novel by infamous gay-writer, filmmaker and actor Sky Gilbert.
 id : 243627 ISBN : 0771034512  | name : The Alley Cat  |  description : First published in Quebec in 1981, Beauchemin's highly acclaimed comic masterpiece of storytelling follows in the tradition of the great novels of the 19th century. When Florent Boissonneault comes to the aid of an accident victim, his life changes forever. One onlooker, the powerful and sinister Egon Ratablavasky, comes to haunt his ambitions and dreams, lurking behind his every opportunity, success, and failure. Finally, obsessed by a need to free himself, Florent discovers how to fight back. From the Trade Paperback edition.
 id : 243628 ISBN : 0151326568  | name : For the Inward Journey  |  description : The essence of Dr. Howard Thurman (1900-1981) and his throught emerges in a message of hope, reconciliation, and love. An anthology of the most important and eloquent writings of Thurman, minister, philosopher, educator, and spiritual leader whose influence on leaders of the civil rights movement and on Americans at large has been likened to that of Martin Lurther King, Jr.
 id : 243629 ISBN : 0671627082  | name : The Dreams of Reason  |  description : Explains the new developments and the scientific impact of the computer as an instrument of the new sciences of complexity.
 id : 243630 ISBN : 0446512842  | name : Re-inventing the Corporation  |  description : Describes the labor shortage that will create a tight labor market for the rest of this century.
 id : 243631 ISBN : 0773518134  | name : Three Pillars of Public Management  |  description : Written especially for the public sector, but applicable beyond it, this book offers government managers insights that directly address public management. It offers tangible suggestions to improve public sector service agencies or individual work sites.
 id : 243633 ISBN : 1853264717  | name : Tao Te Ching  |  description : Dating for around 300 BC, this is an early work of the Chinese school of philosophy called Taoism. It offers a complete view of the cosmos and how human beings should respond to it. It has mystical insight into the nature of things and forms a basis for a humane morality and political utopia.
 id : 243635 ISBN : 0394550234  | name : All that Glitters  |  description : Five novellas about five actresses whose real lives vie with their screen images in glamour and drama--Babe, Belinda, April, Maude, and Claire.
 id : 243637 ISBN : 0813390656  | name : Minds Of Their Own  |  description : Do Animals have ideas? Do they experience pain like humans? Do they think about objects that they cannot see? About situations that have occurred in the past? Do they consciously make plans for the future or do they simply react unthinkingly to objects as they appear and situations as they arise? All of these questions have bearing on whether or not animals have consciousness. The advent of computers that ”think” has lead us to consider “intelligence” in a way we never thought possible a decade ago. But when and how does information processing in the brain become automatic?In Minds of Their Own, Lesley J. Rogers examines the issue of animal thought both sympathetically and critically by looking at the different behavior characteristics of a variety of animals, the evolution of the brain and when consciousness might have evolved. To most people, to be conscious means to be aware of oneself as well as to be aware of others. But does this hold true for animals? The answer may have implications which transcend mere scientific inquiry: if animals are cognizant creatures, what, if any, moral responsibility do humans have to assure their rights? This timely book examines this issue and others by emphasizing comparisons between humans and animals: how we evolved; how we remember; how we learn.
 id : 243638 ISBN : 042506266X  | name : The Purple Decades  |  description : The Purple Decades brings together the author's own selections from his list of critically acclaimed publications, including the complete text of Mau-Mauing and the Flak Catchers, his account of the wild games the poverty program encouraged minority groups to play.
 id : 243640 ISBN : 0007104758  | name : In Forkbeard's Wake  |  description : A fascinating voyage around Scandinavia – from Viking past to volvo present. Spanning boatbuilding, drinking competitions, storms at sea, murder, kayaking and incredibly dangerous New Year fireworks, In Forkbeard’s Wake is at once history, travelogue, social commentary and ripping yarn.
 id : 243641 ISBN : 058252878X  | name : Airport  |  description : Over de gebeurtenissen die zich afspelen rond een vliegveld, waar door de slechte weersomstandigheden enorme vertragingen zijn ontstaan.
 id : 243643 ISBN : 0753402270  | name : Jack  |  description : An endearing boy-dog character collects toge ther all his favourite bathtime toys, recognising their colo urs as he goes, until he''s ready for a bubbly pop-up bath. '
 id : 243644 ISBN : 0753402289  | name : Jack It's Bedtime  |  description : An endearing boy-dog character get ready for bed - counting out the things he needs until it''s sleepytim e, Jack. '
 id : 243645 ISBN : 2764103603  | name : Fun with Photography!  |  description : - a 48-page how-to book with step-by-step instructions and over 120 color photographs- 35 mm focus-free reusable camera- a photo album- a roll of 12-exposure color film- packaged in an attractive case (9" 10 1/2" 2")
 id : 243646 ISBN : 0563476001  | name : Roley's Animal Rescue  |  description : Each of these small format books is based on the exploits of one of Bob's machines - together, they create an appealing library.
 id : 243651 ISBN : 0765208830  | name : A Day at the Races  |  description : Twins Mindy and Mack and their friends try to figure out how to have a fall fling this year now that Dellwood Farm has new owners.
 id : 243652 ISBN : 082177106X  | name : Proper Conduct  |  description : Proud and proper Penelope Harwood finds herself swept into fiery passion with Lord Nevin, Christo Dawes, who is determined to rise above the stigma of being half Gypsy. When her father's latest scheme threatens to ruin them, Penelope has no choice but to trust the enigmatic lord's offer of help. Original.
 id : 243653 ISBN : 0373038062  | name : The Pregnant Tycoon  |  description : The Pregnant Tycoon by Caroline Anderson released on Jun 24, 2004 is available now for purchase.
 id : 243656 ISBN : 0793518598  | name : Yellow Submarine  |  description : Sound button, attached to p. [3] of cover and showing through die-cut holes in all pages, includes on and off buttons.
 id : 243660 ISBN : 0394823117  | name : Pony and Bear Are Friends  |  description : Relates, in rebus format, the further adventures of two good friends.
 id : 243663 ISBN : 0517077000  | name : Learn with Benjamin Bunny  |  description : Benjamin Bunny is looking for his friends, and he tries to guess who is knocking at his door.
 id : 243665 ISBN : 0910050783  | name : Starting Right  |  description : Are you thinking of starting a museum? Starting Right has been helping non-professionals learn the basics of museum planning for nearly three decades. This fully-revised, third edition will help you understand what you are getting into, evaluate prospects, avoid pitfalls, and take advantage of many kinds of available help. Addressing current and perennial issues facing new museums, from digital technologies to fund raising concerns, Starting Right takes you step-by-step through the process of creating a sound plan for starting your museum.
 id : 243666 ISBN : 3421066116  | name : Ohne Rabatt  |  description : Bundel informatieve kritieken over de belangrijkste vertegenwoordigers van de DDR-literatuur.
 id : 243670 ISBN : 0060564598  | name : Chango's Fire  |  description : From the critically acclaimed author of "Bodega Dreams" comes a striking novel about destiny, curses, urban gentrification, and finding true love in the most unlikely of places.
 id : 243671 ISBN : 0802707270  | name : The Eccentric Lady  |  description : Preferring to stay at home on her farm, Lady Elizabeth's uncle insists she go to London to search for a husband
 id : 243672 ISBN : 0312147759  | name : Zeena  |  description : In a reworking of the book Edith Wharton's Ethan Frome, Zenobia Frome is given her own voice, which she uses to tell of the events and emotions that led her to residing in the New England town of Starkfield.
 id : 243673 ISBN : 1575400111  | name : Orange County California  |  description : This is the comprehensive and up-to-date guide to the extensive mountain biking possibilities in Orange County, California.
 id : 243674 ISBN : 1565070410  | name : Mommy Appleseed  |  description : In a delightfully written book, the author of Making God Real to Your Children shares her secrets from more than 20 years of classroom experiences. Hundreds of simple, creative activities are grouped around a "seed thought" about God and His care. Each section is accompanied by suggestions for faith-building conversation.
 id : 243678 ISBN : 0891095470  | name : Celebrating Life  |  description : If you struggle with grief, regret, or failure, the insights in this Bible study will help you leave the past and look ahead with hope.
 id : 243681 ISBN : 0312209193  | name : The Green-eyed Hurricane  |  description : Southern Private Investigator Jack Delmas returns to investigate waterfront corruption in Biloxi, Mississippi, after his friend Jasper is killed as part of a land-grabbing real-estate scheme. By the author of Big Easy Backroad. 10,000 first printing.
 id : 243683 ISBN : 0520215850  | name : Three Kingdoms  |  description : As important for Chinese culture as the Homeric epics have been for the West, this Ming dynasty masterpiece tells the story of the fateful last reign of the Han dynasty (206 C.C.-A.D. 220) when the Chinese empire was divided into three warring kingdoms.
 id : 243684 ISBN : 0892814764  | name : Dolphins and Their Power to Heal  |  description : Since ancient times dolphins have been known to uplift and inspire human beings through empathetic interaction. Cochrane and Callen review the myths, legends, and history of dolphins as well as current research, showing how close contact with these graceful mammals can trigger our inherent healing powers. In a rich and detailed study of dolphins, the authors explore the animals' life cycle, behavioral patterns, and methods of communication. They also give careful consideration to the well-being of the dolphins themselves, emphasizing that human/dolphin encounters should, whenever possible, occur in the animals' natural habitat and on their own terms. The authors describe recent case studies confirming that such contact can enhance the learning abilities of the mentally handicapped, bring relief to the emotionally disturbed, and encourage recovery from life-threatening illness. Thirty-two color photographs capture the exhilaration of swimming and interacting with dolphins.
 id : 243685 ISBN : 0805054642  | name : I Am Alive and You Are Dead  |  description : Publisher Description
 id : 243686 ISBN : 0967728703  | name : My World  |  description : Front man for a legendary Bay Area Punk band, Fifteen's Jeff Ott, reflects on street life, drug addiction, squatting and lots more.
 id : 243687 ISBN : 0140390014  | name : The Call of the Wild, White Fang, and Other Stories  |  description : Two classic tales of dogs, one part wolf and one a Saint Bernard/Scotch shepherd mix that becomes leader of a wolf pack, as they have adventures in the Yukon wilderness with both humans and other animals.
 id : 243688 ISBN : 0385720734  | name : I Ask the Impossible  |  description : A collection of poems covering the author's commitment to social justice, the sensual world, and the strength of women, six of which are written in Spanish with English translations.
 id : 243689 ISBN : 0394508351  | name : So Long, See You Tomorrow  |  description : On an Illinois farm in the 1920s, a man is murdered, and in the same moment the tenous friendship between two lonely boys comes to an end. In telling their interconnected stories, American Book Award winner William delivers a masterfully restrained and magically evocative meditation on the past. "A small, perfect novel."--Washington Post Book World.
 id : 243690 ISBN : 093548096X  | name : Musicians & Watchmakers  |  description : A Jewish girl's account of growing up in 1940s Argentina. The heroine dispenses her views on Latin attitudes to sex, the politics of Peron and the pros and cons of conversion to Catholicism.
 id : 243694 ISBN : 0312858353  | name : Mirage  |  description : Recalling the power and emotion of Not Without My Daughter and Princess, Soheir Khashoggi tells the story of a woman locked behind the oppressive walls of a modern-day harem. People magazine ran an article on Mirage and Khashoggi. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 243697 ISBN : 0380704714  | name : Sarah, the Dragon Lady  |  description : The summer between third and fourth grade brings many new things for Sarah, including the separation of her parents, a move from New York city to Kentucky with her mother, and a new and important friendship.
 id : 243700 ISBN : 0897212215  | name : Successful Flower Gardening  |  description : Explores nine unique gardens, includes special tips on garden care, and covers 500 different species of flowering plants.
 id : 243702 ISBN : 0671226223  | name : the pigeon project  |  description : 'Korean Words: Basic' is a Korean vocabulary book. You can learn more than 600 of the most basic and frequently used Korean words. The words are categorized into 17 topics to help you learn the words in a very easy way. This is the second book of the 'Beginner's Guide to Korean Language'. You can learn the Korean language easily by using the series.
 id : 243704 ISBN : 0060970111  | name : How Democracies Perish  |  description : Argues that the modern democracies are endangered by an excess of self-criticism and misinterpretations of moral positions and asserts that the democracies must cease to be the complacent victims of communism
 id : 243705 ISBN : 0884194248  | name : Let the Wall Fall Down  |  description : Rising from his seat, Coach Bill McCartney got on his knees before Phillip Porter, a black pastor from Denver, Colorado. "I never meant to do anything wrong against my black brothers and I apologize, and beyond apologizing here, I'll do it publicly." At that moment the Holy Spirit revealed to Porter a new vision for reconciliation--a vision he's now proclaiming to men across America and around the world.Philip Porter is the chairman of the board of Promise Keepers and the founder and senior pastor of All Nations Pentecostal Center Church of God in Christ, Aurora, Colorado. He is a presiding Church of God in Christ bishop.
 id : 243711 ISBN : 0312953461  | name : The Lovers  |  description : On the seductive swells of the Mediterranean Sea, Bryan Cavanagh and Giulia Farnese fall in love-knowing that their illicit affair must end, and that the strains of their passion will sound deep in their souls for the rest of their lives. now, years later, Bryan receives an urgent faraway summons from his long-ago yet never-forgotten love.
 id : 243713 ISBN : 0312981252  | name : Bad Boy  |  description : Examines the life of serial killer Kenneth McDuff.
 id : 243715 ISBN : 0786005513  | name : Deadly Obsession  |  description : After pleading guilty to hideous acts of rape, mutilation and murder, Weber was convicted on multiple counts. He is currently serving over 165 years in prison. This is the brutal true story of John Weber and Carla and Emily, the two sisters he terrorized and worse.
 id : 243716 ISBN : 0786011866  | name : Severed Relations  |  description : In April 1996, a man was arrested for the murder of Dr Yakov Gluzman. Now, Tim Hays reveals the shocking details of this horrific crime of jealousy, greed, scorn and revenge that was ordered by Dr Gluzman's own wife.
 id : 243717 ISBN : 3518046403  | name : Das Schwanenhaus  |  description : Een makelaar voelt zich de mindere van iedereen behalve in zijn liefde voor een prachtige Jugendstil-villa die hij in verkoop probeert te krijgen
 id : 243721 ISBN : 0312983670  | name : Fear No Evil  |  description : They were the golden boys of Huntington, Indiana: Jarrod Wall, a 17-year-old Sunday school teacher, track star, top student,a and local heartthrob, and his friends Erick Esch, a high school football hero, and John Jesus Valasquez. They were well-liked, all-American teens. Until one night when Jarrod and Erick entered the house of a local car collector Eldon Anson and burglarized the bachelor's home--and Jarrod murdered him with repeated hatchet blows to the skull... At first, the stunning crime seemed an unmotivated, inexplicable act. But in fact it was the premeditated, cold-blooded slaying of a man none of them knew. So why Anson? Wall's private demons erupted years later in prison, revealing his overwhelming shame and perverse sense of family honor that drove him to enact revenge upon an innocent stranger--a crime that stunned the community, and forever stripped the mask of innocence off the face of evil.
 id : 243724 ISBN : 038080087X  | name : Deadly Secrets  |  description : Inseparable friends and outcasts in their affluent suburban home town of Bellevue, Washington, teenage high school dropouts David Anderson and Alex Baranyi were going nowhere fast – and soon they would be convicted of a terrible crime. After they lured former schoolmate Kim Wilson to a local park where she was beaten and strangled to death, they went to the victim's home and slaughtered her mother, father, and younger sister. Newspaper reporter Putsata Reang covered the crime, the investigation, the trial, and it's aftermath. And now she masterfully illuminates some of the darkest corners where a shockingly increasing number of America's youth hides it's rage, pain, and a madness that can explode at any time, in Bellevue, at Columbine, or anywhere across the nation.
 id : 243727 ISBN : 0441095003  | name : The Cauldron of Plenty  |  description : To seal their peace pact, Sixarms, leader of the Freths, presents Cena, Queen of the Danans, with the magical cauldron of plenty, but the malevolent and sinister Nemed, opposed to such a truce, steals the cauldron, threatening the very survival of Ireland
 id : 243729 ISBN : 0446340251  | name : Big Fish  |  description : Powerfully-plotted and funny, Big Fish follows dangerous and mysterious Los Angeles entrepreneur Altmeyer, and his wife Rachel whose quiet lives in the Hollywood hills are disrupted when a multi-million dollar gunrunning deal goes bad. Under most circumstances, Altmeyer might be mildly amused by the audacity of the double-cross. But whoever cheated Altmeyer may also be planning to destroy the world. With so much at stake, Altmeyer and Rachel and their friend, super-agent to the stars Bucky Carmichael, set off on a perilous adventure in search of the identity of the Big Fish. What they find is shocking and horrifying and all too credible.
 id : 243731 ISBN : 1587611449  | name : The Complete Holistic Dog Book  |  description : Naturally, you want the best for your canine companion's body, mind, and spirit. Ensure a lifetime of tail wags and dogged good health with THE COMPLETE HOLISTIC DOG BOOK. Animal healers Jan Allegretti and Katy Sommers discuss natural preventive health care, including early socialization, environmental safety, nutrition, and the application of alternative therapies and allopathic medicine. A thorough grounding in homeopathy, traditional Chinese medicine, and herbal remedies provides practical techniques for treating hundreds of common canine illnesses, injuries, and health problems. Also covering the special needs of older dogs, THE COMPLETE HOLISTIC DOG BOOK is a compassionate reference for animal guardians and caregivers, at home as well as in a clinical setting. Offers a unique, holistic approach that maintains the health of a dog's entire body system, from puppyhood through the senior years. With an easy-to-use, 80-page Materia Medica covering nutritional supplements, herbs, and homeopathic remedies. Includes a guide to creating a holistic first-aid kit.
 id : 243733 ISBN : 0821772635  | name : Only with a Rogue  |  description : In three passionate tales from popular Zebra authors, daring ladies set out to lose their maidenhood to the "ton's" most dangerous rogues--and find love where they least expect it. Includes Basso's "The Ultimate Lover; " Faulkner's "The Pleasures of a Wager; " and Raleigh's "One Night with Lucifer." (May)
 id : 243734 ISBN : 093194824X  | name : Don't Sit Under the Grits Tree with Anyone Else But Me  |  description : More down-home humor from Lewis Grizzard. Ruminations on lardbutts. bra-padders. Good ol'boys and giggling Yankee girls. The joys of white bread and knowing your way around a 1957 Chevrolet. And lots more from one of America's favorite writers.
 id : 243736 ISBN : 0552136867  | name : The Shoemaker's Daughter  |  description : The story of two very different women, and their lifetime of friendship, hatred and rivalry. Hari Morgan was left nothing by her father except a talent for shoemaking, while Emily Grenfell is the spoilt daughter of the richest man in Cardiff. Unfortunately, they both fall in love with the same man.
 id : 243739 ISBN : 037397079X  | name : Recovery  |  description : Pitted against three other nations, a highly specialized American rescue team races against time to recover a secret U.S. plane forced down in an unacknowledged war zone
 id : 243740 ISBN : 0679020136  | name : Baja and Mexico's Pacific Coast Resorts  |  description : Offers a traveler's overview of Baja California and the Pacific coast resorts of Puerto Vallarta, Mazatlan, and Manzanillo
 id : 243743 ISBN : 067901893X  | name : Central America, 1991  |  description : A GUIDE TO TOURIST AREAS IN CENTRAL AMERICA COVERS GUATEMALA, HONDURAS, COSTA RICA, BELIZE, AND PANAMA, PRESENTING INFORMATION ON INDIAN MARKETS, BEACH AND SPORTS FACILITIES, AND THE EXOTIC ISLANDS FOUND OFF BOTH COASTS.
 id : 243744 ISBN : 0679016104  | name : Cancun, Cozumel, Merida and the Yucatan '89  |  description : Mayan ruins, beaches, and romantic islands have made this region one of the hottest vacation spots, and Fodor's is right there to offer advice on lodgings, food, and attractions.
 id : 243745 ISBN : 0395445388  | name : Birnbaum's South America, 1988  |  description : Compact information for today's frequent, short-term travelers provides itineraries for every need. South America is becoming more and more popular and Birnbaum has complete up-to-date information.
 id : 243746 ISBN : 0385236727  | name : Mortal Games  |  description : After barely escaping an assassination attempt, Andre Kohl discovers a network of high-level double-dealers--a secret organization of CIA and KGB agents bent on controlling the balance of world power
 id : 243747 ISBN : 0440843057  | name : Knots on a Counting Rope  |  description : An old Indian tells his grandson the story of the boy's birth, his struggle for life, and his determination to cope with blindness.
 id : 243748 ISBN : 0373872577  | name : His Saving Grace  |  description : The first title in Cote's moving Sisters of the Heart trilogy. Long enamored with her boss, Jack Lassater, Gracie Petrov helps show him how to let go of his anger and open his heart to God and to love. Original.
 id : 243749 ISBN : 0072824131  | name : Sociology  |  description : Three basic premises guide this highly successful introductory text - first that theory and research must be both comprehensive and clear, second that the text must show how sociology is relevant both to the study of society and to students' lives, and third that sociology can play a valuable role in teaching critical thinking skills. To that end, this solid, well-respected text combines a balanced three-perspective approach with excellent student-oriented examples, and distinctive social policy sections in a concise presentation that offers an alternative to full-length books.
 id : 243750 ISBN : 0439056365  | name : Antarctic Antics  |  description : A collection of poems celebrating the habits and habitat of Emperor penguins.
 id : 243751 ISBN : 0451211936  | name : The Other Woman  |  description : New York Times bestselling author Eric Jerome Dickey presents one of his most intimate and emotionally resonant novels—a story about marriage, infidelity, and sweet and savage revenge. She works nights. He works days. Their sex is routine. Their conversations are empty. Something’s got to give. It does, when she discovers her husband’s affair. The delicate fabric of their increasingly tenuous marriage is torn asunder—but neither is prepared for what happens next. An unforgivable betrayal is about to yield the most unexpected surprises, as a husband and wife face a challenge of trust, faith, and the staying power of love.... “Dickey has developed a knack for creating characters who elicit both rage and sympathy…The nameless narrator, a routine-bound suburban Californian, learns of her husband's philandering ways. But this dame is no hapless victim of infidelity: She takes charge…Dickey taps the intimate emotions of a woman whose hurt we feel viscerally.”—Entertainment Weekly
 id : 243752 ISBN : 0688160980  | name : The Last Party  |  description : Studio 54 was the epicenter of disco culture and pre-AIDS debauchery. Now, journalist and nightworld denizen Anthony Haden-Guest takes us behind the velvet rope that separated the celebrities from the wanna-bes, into an all-night world of revelry, sensation, and decadence. Going beyond the endless partying with Liza, Bianca, Halston, Andy, and Mick, Haden-Guest probes the seamy underside of Studio 54: the drugs, the deaths, and the corruption that eventually shuttered the club. It is the story of Studio 54's flamboyant owners, Steve Rubell and Ian Schrager, who achieved early success beyond their wildest imaginings, came within a hair's breadth of great power, and then crashed and burned.
 id : 243753 ISBN : 2203372400  | name : Gon  |  description : Ne vous laissez pas prendre au piège des apparences : Gon est petit mais terrible, affectueux mais rusé, amusant mais sauvage. Pour bien le connaître les mots sont de trop. N'en faites pas votre mascotte, vous n'y survivriez pas...
 id : 243754 ISBN : 0843947497  | name : Strangers in the Night  |  description : In an era that bore a generation of wartime heroes and heroines, three couples will risk their hearts to have their dreams. This is the first of several nostalgic anthologies named after Sinatra songs.
 id : 243757 ISBN : 0600316726  | name : Decorative Cacti  |  description : How to grow succulent house plants.
 id : 243758 ISBN : 0373273568  | name : Guilty Secrets  |  description : Guilty Secrets by Virginia Kantra released on Mar 25, 2004 is available now for purchase.
 id : 243761 ISBN : 0440184584  | name : Stranger in the House  |  description : This riveting psychological suspense novel is the story of the dangers that visit a suburban Connecticut family with the return of their son who was kidnapped 11 years ago.
 id : 243763 ISBN : 0451121198  | name : The Religion  |  description : An anthropology professor is drawn into a bizarre religious cult that marks his seven-year old son as a supreme sacrificial victim.
 id : 243764 ISBN : 0553282514  | name : The Uninvited  |  description : In this all-new collection of riveting true tales from beyond, readers will share eerie experiences of hauntings, possessions, creatures, and unexplained phenomena--encounters with the unknown guaranteed to shock, terrify, and thrill!
 id : 243766 ISBN : 0843939338  | name : White Wind  |  description : When her beloved stepfather died, Sarah knew it was time to set out on her own--to escape her evil guardian's clutches and discover the father she'd never known. But Sarah doesn't make it far before she crosses paths with Golden Eagle, the warrior who had rescued her years before. This time around, he vows no obstacle will stop him from having Sarah.
 id : 243767 ISBN : 1588987221  | name : The Chronicles Of Dat Seung, The Young Monk  |  description : 250 years ago, in a world of hidden temples where secret martial arts were taught, a young man travels among rebels and outlaws, hiding his feelings for his lost love...welcome to the world of Dat Seung, the Young Monk.
 id : 243768 ISBN : 0142300535  | name : Evolution  |  description : Based on the hit movie of the summer of 2001, starring David Duchovny and Julianne Moore, this novelization follows the comic results of an alien invasion of Earth.
 id : 243774 ISBN : 0717283283  | name : Walt Disney's Peter Pan  |  description : The adventures of Peter Pan, the boy who would not grow up.
 id : 243775 ISBN : 0717287335  | name : Toy Story  |  description : Disney's Story of Toys.
 id : 243776 ISBN : 0394842359  | name : Walt Disney Productions Presents Bambi Grows Up  |  description : Bambi the spotted fawn makes many friends and meets many challenges as he grows up to become the Great Prince of the Forest.
 id : 243779 ISBN : 0553232185  | name : Pony Express  |  description : Color illustration on front cover of man in white shirt embracing woman in green and purple dress; silhouette of man on horse against pink background; scene of town street with stagecoach and men on horseback.
 id : 243780 ISBN : 0785805524  | name : Vegetarian Pizza Cookbook  |  description : Nutritious, fun, and quite simply delicious, pizza is one of the worlds most popular foods. This book offers pizza recipes that make use of vegetables, fruits and other ingredients in a way that is both healthy and innovative. Eighty mouth watering recipies for meat free pizza. Full color.
 id : 243783 ISBN : 0373221797  | name : Only Skin Deep  |  description : Only Skin Deep by Rebecca York released on Dec 25, 1991 is available now for purchase.
 id : 243785 ISBN : 0821775502  | name : My Lord Eternity  |  description : Haunted by a series of vicious murders, a woman possessing a mysterious amulet finds herself torn between trusting a man who claims to be her friend and a charming rake whom she desires. Original.
 id : 243786 ISBN : 0142004677  | name : Sex, Time, and Power  |  description : As in the bestselling The Alphabet Versus the Goddess, Leonard Shlain’s provocative new book promises to change the way readers view themselves and where they came from. Sex, Time, and Power offers a tantalizing answer to an age-old question: Why did big-brained Homo sapiens suddenly emerge some 150,000 years ago? The key, according to Shlain, is female sexuality. Drawing on an awesome breadth of research, he shows how, long ago, the narrowness of the newly bipedal human female’s pelvis and the increasing size of infants’ heads precipitated a crisis for the species. Natural selection allowed for the adaptation of the human female to this environmental stress by reconfiguring her hormonal cycles, entraining them with the periodicity of the moon. The results, however, did much more than ensure our existence; they imbued women with the concept of time, and gave them control over sex—a power that males sought to reclaim. And the possibility of achieving immortality through heirs drove men to construct patriarchal cultures that went on to dominate so much of human history. From the nature of courtship to the evolution of language, Shlain’s brilliant and wide-ranging exploration stimulates new thinking about very old matters.
 id : 243787 ISBN : 0141180234  | name : Him with His Foot in His Mouth and Other Stories  |  description : This dazzling collection of shorter fiction describes a series of self-awakenings -- a suburban divorcee deciding among lovers, a celebrity drawn into his cousin's life of crime, a father remembering bygone Chicago, an artist, and an academic awaiting extradition for some unnamed offense.
 id : 243789 ISBN : 0571198104  | name : 800 Years of Women's Letters  |  description : "In this engrossing anthology, the first truly comprehensive study of women's letters, Olga Kenyon takes us from the twelfth century to the present day and explores the tradition of female letter-writing that has existed for over eight centuries." "Here is Heloise writing to Abelard's 'superior wisdom' of 'how much I have lost in you' from twelfth-century Paris; Margaret Paston, the efficient manager of her husband's estate, vividly describing her troubles in affectionate letters to her husband while he was practising law in London during the Wars of the Roses; Elizabeth I firmly but tactfully refusing Erik of Sweden's offer of marriage as she 'highly commends this single life'; Queen Victoria complaining to Sir Robert Peel about the 'disgrace' in the neglect of Buckingham Palace; Jane Austen writing to her sister Cassandra, and Fanny Burney on Dr Johnson; Vita Sackville-West and Virginia Woolf exchanging intimate thoughts on their lives and writing; Lady Mary Wortley Montagu describing how, abandoned by her lover, she rebuilds her life and her garden in Italy 'enjoying every amusement that solitude can afford'; and many more lesser known women whose writing reveals much of their day to day lives and the sometimes restricted world they inhabited. The collection has a wide geographical range: Mary Kingsley writes of her experiences travelling in the Congo, and the voices of women in America, France and Spain, such as George Sand and La Pasionaria, can also be heard." "The letters are divided into chapters thematically: How Women View their Roles, Friendship, Childhood and Education, Love and Sexual Passion, Marriage and Childbirth, Housekeeping and Daily Life, Work, War and Alleviating Suffering, Travellers and Travelling, Illness and Ageing, Political Skills. An appendix covers the epistolary novel, and a full bibliography is also included." "Both entertaining and informative, the letters reveal the nature of women's lives throughout the centuries, and provide an invaluable historic resource. Despite radical differences, these letters display compassion, analysis, humility, humour and love. A captivating insight into past women's lives, 800 Years of Women's Letters will be enjoyed by all, and will be particularly welcomed by historians and those interested in women's studies."--BOOK JACKET.Title Summary field provided by Blackwell North America, Inc. All Rights Reserved
 id : 243790 ISBN : 0307100154  | name : The Poky Little Puppy's Busy Counting Book  |  description : The Poky Little Puppy's Busy Counting Book is a book for small children.
 id : 243791 ISBN : 2226079750  | name : Douce nuit  |  description : Analyse : Roman policier (suspense).
 id : 243792 ISBN : 0553294237  | name : Circle of Pearls  |  description : Julia Pallister, a daughter of a staunchly Royalist family, grows to womanhood during the turbulent days of the Civil War, Puritan rule, the plague and the Great Fire of London.
 id : 243794 ISBN : 2742739238  | name : Mon cas personnel  |  description : L'être qui jusqu'alors vous aimait vous lance un matin au visage un mot, une phrase ou même une porte et termine ainsi votre histoire dans l'instant. À moins que ce ne soit vous qui, par courage ou par folie, en décidiez, mais finalement c'est la même chose, l'amour bascule vers la rupture. Pour Alain Conlang, la solitude est une angoisse, l'abandon une obsession, et il lui semble préférable de vivre un amour sans passion plutôt que de ne rien vivre du tout. Malgré son humour et sa bonne éducation, il constate que son point de vue est par beaucoup partagé et, anticipant sur la rupture, il met au point une méthode : comment survivre au chagrin d'amour ou ne plus souffrir pour de mauvaises raisons. Photocopiée, distribuée, sa méthode remporte un immense succès. Alain Conlang devient gourou, homme d'affaires, analyste à ses heures et de plus en plus amoureux. Dans ce troisième roman, Ilan Duran Cohen s'impose encore davantage dans le territoire du tendre et de l'humour. La singulière aventure d'Alain Conlang au cœur de la vie des autres, ses errances amoureuses et sa fragilité atavique viennent ici faire écho à l'extrême sensibilité d'une relation familiale dépeinte avec la délicatesse d'une douce métaphore.
 id : 243801 ISBN : 2070375951  | name : Les intouchables  |  description : Analyse : Roman policier (énigme).
 id : 243803 ISBN : 2070702081  | name : Le festin nu  |  description : Une descente aux enfers de la drogue. Un classique halluciné et terrifiant.
 id : 243804 ISBN : 0743208587  | name : Decipher  |  description : There is a signal emanating from deep within the ice of Antarctica. Atlantis has awoken. Ancient monuments all over the world are all awakening too. A small group of scientists have the fate of the earth in their hands. And they have merely days in which to save it.
 id : 243806 ISBN : 2859405313  | name : Water music  |  description : Le XVIIIe siècle expire, dans les convulsions que l'on sait. Tandis que Paris se fatigue de la guillotine, que Londres continue à se saouler au gin, l'explorateur écossais Mungo Park découvre le royaume de Ségou, en Afrique, où la folie humaine s'exprime encore avec une simplicité biblique. De retour au pays, il redécouvre un monde - le sien, mais il l'avait un peu oublié - où le progrès est en train de se faire les dents. Aveuglément, cruauté, extravagance sont mieux que jamais au rendez-vous, cependant que la marionnette humaine gigote bravement et tente, bien en vain, d'éviter les mauvais coups. Pour les inconditionnels de T.C. Boyle (Prix médicis/Etranger, 1997), Water Music (1981) fait un peu figure de livre-fétiche. L'auteur y a mis, outre son désir de provoquer notre époque, cette ambition parfaitement folle : rassembler en un même creuset toutes les formes de fiction où le génie anglo-saxon a excellé depuis trois cents ans, du conte libertin en costume d'époque au roman noir américain. La critique, éblouie par le produit de cette alchimie, compara le livre au Cent ans de solitude de Garcia Marquez, au Tom Jones de Fielding... rien de moins. 700 pages dont le moins qu'on puisse dire est qu'elles ne sont pas de tout repos.
 id : 243807 ISBN : 2290315281  | name : Acné festival  |  description : " Eh bien mes amis, je leur dis, vous n'êtes pas obligés de me croire moi Guinness. Dites-vous simplement que je suis galeriste, donc expert, donc aux premières loges pour décider que telle acné est de l'art, ou que telle autre ne l'est pas. En ce moment c'est le professionnel qui vous parle. " Guinness, galeriste de profession, est à quelques mois de la retraite quand il tombe amoureux de Chanel, une rousse incendiaire bien de son âge. Mais entre ses enfants, qui ne rêvent que de le placer en maison de repos, et ses soi-disant amis Zippo et Milk-shake, qui ont eux aussi des vues sur la belle, l'histoire semble mal engagée. D'autant plus que Guinness, pour la première fois depuis quarante ans, est victime d'une soudaine poussée d'acné. Mais loin de se résigner, une idée de génie le traverse - il décrète ladite acné " œuvre d'art ", décide de l'exposer et de la vendre dans sa galerie... pour séduire sa Chimène et la ravir aux autres !
 id : 243808 ISBN : 0060723521  | name : Two Old Women  |  description : Based on an Athabascan Indian legend passed along for many generations from mothers to daughters of the upper Yukon River Valley in Alaska, this is the suspenseful, shocking, ultimately inspirational tale of two old women abandoned by their tribe during a brutal winter famine. Though these women have been known to complain more than contribute, they now must either survive on their own or die trying. In simple but vivid detail, Velma Wallis depicts a landscape and way of life that are at once merciless and starkly beautiful. In her old women, she has created two heroines of steely determination whose story of betrayal, friendship, community and forgiveness "speaks straight to the heart with clarity, sweetness and wisdom" (Ursula K. Le Guin).
 id : 243810 ISBN : 2843040078  | name : Les cannibales  |  description : Puis, comme une vague qui se retire après avoir recouvert le sable, ces idées disparurent, la raison reprit le dessus : si le chalet brûlait, comment, lui, survivrait-il jusqu'au retour de Mardel ? et si on le retrouvait, seul avec huit cadavres, ne quitterait-il le chalet que pour aller croupir au fond d'une prison ? non, pour l'instant, ils étaient les plus forts et ils le savaient. Mais plus tard viendrait l'heure de la vengeance, quand ils seraient sortis d'ici... s'ils en sortaient. Le gros homme ouvrit la fenêtre. Le froid s'engouffra dans la chambre avec voracité. Quelques flocons de neige entrèrent également et disparurent aussitôt, ne laissant que de minuscules traces d'humidité sur le plancher. Winock sourit à la nuit, il sourit à l'immensité déserte autour de lui. Il sourit en songeant comme ce serait bon de serrer entre ses doigts la vie de ces salauds, de la serrer, et, lentement, de la broyer...
 id : 243811 ISBN : 2020107120  | name : Une prière pour Owen  |  description : Analyse: Roman psychologique (formation).
 id : 243815 ISBN : 0007148119  | name : The Speckled People  |  description : This is the most gripping book I've read in ages ... It is beautifully written, fascinating, disturbing and often very funny.' Roddy Doyle
 id : 243816 ISBN : 0863276288  | name : Return of the Brute  |  description : O'Flaherty wrote this shocking & compelling novel about trench warfare in World War I using his own experiences in the Irish Guards. A classic wartime story, it was originally published in 1929, yet on the eightieth anniversary of the end of World War I, its truths continue to resonate as wars rage throughout the world.
 id : 243817 ISBN : 0140175326  | name : The Heather Blazing  |  description : A brilliant new novel from the author of The South, winner of the Irish Times/Aer Lingus Award. In a story of stunning power, Toibin reconstucts the history of the relationships of an Irish judge--a completely legal creature who is just beginning to discover how painfully disconnected he is from other human beings.
 id : 243818 ISBN : 0671435949  | name : Worlds  |  description : "The incredibly detailed future world that Haldeman has created is fascinating and.both spellbinding and funny."--Science Fiction Review A "story of the near future" from a Hugo and Nebula Award winner--and one of the most prestigious science fiction writers ever. At the end of the 21st century, many people believe the only real hope for humanity lies in the Worlds: 41 orbiting satellites housing half a million people. Though the creation of cheap fusion has undermined the Worlds as a source of solar energy, they still welcome many tourists and offer plenty of raw materials for export. For example, New New York is almost pure steel. And, from that city comes Marianne O'Hara, a brilliant political-science student who has elected to spend a postgraduate year on Earth--where she unwittingly finds herself caught up in a group of fanatics looking to start another revolution in America.even if it means the destruction of the planet.
 id : 243819 ISBN : 0821749757  | name : The Last Long Rifle  |  description : Inheriting nothing but a rifle and the determination to search for his long-lost father, Tip Woodson embarks on a quest that leads him across the western wilderness and into a confrontation with a deadly enemy. Original.
 id : 243820 ISBN : 0871401193  | name : The Enormous Room  |  description : In print continuously since 1922, The Enormous Room is one of the classic American literary works to emerge from World War I, in a grouping that includes John Dos Passo's Three Soldiers and Hemingway's A Farewell to Arms. Drawing on his experiences in France as a volunteer ambulance driver, Cummings takes us through a series of mistakes that led to his being arrested for treason and sent to prison. Out of this episode Cummings produced a unique work a story of oppression, injustice, and imprisonment presented in a high-spirited manner as if it were a lark, a work of new linguistic energy that celebrates the individual and opposes all structures that stifle him. This edition restores to the work much material that was deleted from the manuscript for the book's 1922 publication and is illustrated with drawings Cummings made while imprisoned in France."
 id : 243821 ISBN : 1893618064  | name : The Complete Statistical History of Stock Car Racing  |  description : From race records to pole positions, development on the track and off the track, this book uncovers the most complete statistical and historical survey of NASCAR's first 51 years.
 id : 243823 ISBN : 0760740151  | name : Buying a House  |  description : The process of selecting a house, making a bid, and getting a mortgage can drive even the sanest adult to near distraction. Where should you buy? How do you put in a bid and get a mortgage? What goes into the inspection, so you catch any problems before the deal is closed? And how should you decorate, landscape, and remodel? From starting the house hunt to drawing up a contract, from locking in a rate to finding a reputable moving company, here's the guide that covers it all. Before you're through, you'll feel sure whether you want a new home or a fixer-upper; how to calculate taxes; whether to hire a real estate lawyer; and what things to watch out for so your fantasy will become wonderful reality.
 id : 243824 ISBN : 0760740194  | name : Retiring  |  description : All you need to know about planning your retirement.
 id : 243825 ISBN : 0439137608  | name : Tigers at Twilight  |  description : Having used their magic tree house to travel to India, where they must get a gift to help free the dog Teddy from a spell, Jack and Annie have adventures involving a tiger and other endangered jungle animals.
 id : 243828 ISBN : 0553137662  | name : The Farthest Shore  |  description : Ged and his young companion, Prince Arren, search for the source of the evil that is corrupting the world.
 id : 243829 ISBN : 0441478093  | name : The Left Hand of Darkness  |  description : While on a mission to the planet Gethen, earthling Genly Ai is sent by leaders of the nation of Orgoreyn to a concentration camp from which the exiled prime minister of the nation of Karhide tries to rescue him.
 id : 243830 ISBN : 0679892354  | name : The Berenstain Bears Get the Screamies  |  description : After promising Mama that they will not get the screamies when she takes them for a day at the mall, the cubs get them anyway. But Mama has the cure: she throws her own 100% genuine screaming fit, Mama-style, and that teaches 'em!
 id : 243833 ISBN : 0814471188  | name : EBay the Smart Way  |  description : A guide to the online auction house explains how to navigate the eBay Web site, advertise items, place online bids, evaluate buyers and sellers, offer customer services, and build a profitable e-commerce business.
 id : 243834 ISBN : 0399144307  | name : A Kick in the Assets  |  description : This book walks readers through the hundred east steps one must follow to become a financial happy camper. Easy-to-follow instructions and periodic to-do lists demystify money and take the fear out of having it.
 id : 243835 ISBN : 0471207942  | name : The Wellness Revolution  |  description : Identifying a future mega-trend for entrepreneurs, marketers, and investors, this book is a step-by-step guide to making a fortune through the wellness industry and its products.
 id : 243839 ISBN : 0373161832  | name : Painted Sunsets  |  description : Painted Sunsets by Rebecca Flanders released on Nov 24, 1986 is available now for purchase.
 id : 243840 ISBN : 0373109873  | name : Love in the Dark  |  description : Love In The Dark by Charlotte Lamb released on Apr 24, 1987 is available now for purchase.
 id : 243841 ISBN : 0553261045  | name : The City of Fire  |  description : Returning from college, Marilyn Severn, the minister's daughter, is shocked to see that her friend, Mark Carter has lost his faith, and though innocent, refuses to defend himself in a murder trial
 id : 243849 ISBN : 0373220081  | name : Silver Threads  |  description : Silver Threads by Rebecca Flanders released on Sep 24, 1984 is available now for purchase.
 id : 243853 ISBN : 0373104286  | name : Seduction  |  description : Seduction by Charlotte Lamb released on Mar 25, 1981 is available now for purchase.
 id : 243854 ISBN : 0373110928  | name : No Man's Mistress  |  description : No Man's Mistress by Roberta Leigh released on May 25, 1988 is available now for purchase.
 id : 243855 ISBN : 0373108192  | name : No Time for Marriage  |  description : No Time For Marriage by Roberta Leigh released on Jul 25, 1985 is available now for purchase.
 id : 243861 ISBN : 0373093314  | name : The Aristocrat  |  description : New York pro football quarterback Brant Asher discovers a distant English relative has left him as his heir, with a title, an estate--and a wife-to-be?
 id : 243862 ISBN : 0373026862  | name : Lake Haupiri Moon  |  description : Lake Haupiri Moon by Mary Moore released on Feb 22, 1985 is available now for purchase.
 id : 243863 ISBN : 2253151378  | name : Misery  |  description : La 4è de couv. indique : "Misery, c'est le nom de l'héroïne populaire qui a rapporté des millions de dollars au romancier Paul Sheldon. Après quoi il en a eu assez et il a fait mourir Misery pour écrire enfin le « vrai » roman dont il rêvait. Mais il suffit de quelques verres de trop et d'une route enneigée, dans un coin perdu, pour que tout bascule... Lorsqu'il reprend conscience, Paul est allongé sur un lit, les jambes broyées dans l'accident. Sauvé par une femme, Annie. Une admiratrice fervente. Qui ne lui pardonne pas d'avoir tué Misery. Et le supplice va commencer. Sans monstres ni fantômes, Stephen King, au sommet de sa puissance, nous enferme ici dans le plus terrifiant huis clos qu'on puisse imaginer."
 id : 243867 ISBN : 0718145542  | name : Keane  |  description : Roy Keane, captain of Manchester United and the Irish national team, was born in Cork in 1971. He signed for Manchester United from Nottingham Forest in 1993. In 2000 he was awarded the PFA Player of the Year 2000. His footballing intelligence and fierce determination helped Ireland to qualify for the 2002 World Cup. But his passion has sometimes given rise to the wrong kind of headlines. His commitment to winning has led to violent confrontation on the pitch and controversy off it.
 id : 243872 ISBN : 0670031283  | name : Reluctant Saint  |  description : Celebrity biographer produces a serious, thought-provoking book.
 id : 243873 ISBN : 0439194040  | name : Mary, Queen of Scots, Queen Without a Country  |  description : I think hawking is one of the things that Francis and I do so well together.
 id : 243875 ISBN : 1850151733  | name : The Fanatic's Guide to Sex  |  description : Our best-ever selling cartoon paperbacks are back in print! We've taken our twenty fastest selling paperback cartoon books, given some of them new covers, and they're ready to sell for you all over again. Our cartoon paperbacks have sold over two million copies. A great gag gift, or an inexpensive add-on to that "expensive" present, these hilarious cartoon books will leave them laughing in the aisles. This special promotion Cartoon Spinner Header combined with the Brass Counter Spinner will ensure a high impact. Stock up and watch them melt away!
 id : 243878 ISBN : 0198312512  | name : Contemporary Stories  |  description : A collection of short stories by authors currently writing in English, representing a range of styles and cultural backgrounds, with writers from Britain, North America, India and Africa.
 id : 243880 ISBN : 156179547X  | name : Chased by the Jewel Thieves  |  description : While sightseeing in Madrid, siblings Penny and Mark and their friend David tangle with thieves over a fortune in stolen jewels and trust God to keep them safe from danger.
 id : 243882 ISBN : 1561792586  | name : Surrounded by the Cross Fire  |  description : The Darings experience thrills and chills when they interrupt a drug runner's operation in France.
 id : 243884 ISBN : 1561794813  | name : Lost in the Secret Cave  |  description : While scuba diving off the coast of Portugal, Penny and Mark and their friend David discover a gold smuggling ring inside an ocean cave and find themselves in great danger as they try to evade their pursuers through unfamiliar tunnels.
 id : 243887 ISBN : 1561791431  | name : Trapped in Pharaoh's Tomb  |  description : While helping to translate some ancient writing, Mark and Penny Daring and their friend David Curtis find themselves trapped in an Egyptian tomb.
 id : 243889 ISBN : 0590596012  | name : Swim Polar Bear, Swim!  |  description : A mother polar bear promises to love her son, even if he is always afraid and never learns to swim.
 id : 243890 ISBN : 0312970374  | name : Picking Up the Pieces  |  description : Kate is in her fifties, recently widowed, and coping with the difficulties--and occasional pleasures--of flying solo. But when her daughter Joanna's husband walks out, and Joanna instantly assumes that Kate will step into the supporting Granny role while she goes career and man-hunting, Kate realizes it is time to step outside her family's preconceived expectations--with devastating results. What follows is a delightful story of the relationships and unspoken power struggles between four generations of women.
 id : 243894 ISBN : 037319272X  | name : What the Nursery Needs...  |  description : What The Nursery Needs... by Terry Essig released on Nov 24, 1997 is available now for purchase.
 id : 243897 ISBN : 0373099282  | name : Only St. Nick Knew  |  description : Only St. Nick Knew by Nikki Benjamin released on Oct 25, 1994 is available now for purchase.
 id : 243899 ISBN : 0446602981  | name : Windfall  |  description : About to leave England for her family home in Montana, medical student Ellen O'Connell is called to the manor home of Lord Chesterfield, where her meeting with the arrogant but handsome aristocrat leads to an unforeseen destiny
 id : 243901 ISBN : 0449239764  | name : The Ivy Tree  |  description : The story of a girl who went to Northumberland, where she was mistaken by a young man to be his cousin.
 id : 243902 ISBN : 0373288832  | name : Scanlin's Law  |  description : Scanlin's Law by Susan Amarillas released on Jul 25, 1995 is available now for purchase.
 id : 243904 ISBN : 0192839985  | name : A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man  |  description : A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man represents the transitional stage between the realism of Joyce's Dubliners and the symbolism of Ulysses, and is essential to the understanding of the later work.
 id : 243905 ISBN : 0373271727  | name : A Hero to Hold  |  description : A Hero To Hold by Linda Castillo released on Aug 24, 2001 is available now for purchase.
 id : 243906 ISBN : 067185254X  | name : All My Worldly Goods  |  description : Janice Blakemore has fallen in love with Tom Brand, fresh from his fifth divorce. When Prawnography, their erotic seafood cookery book, is a best-seller, they can't keep their wealth a secret. Tom's ex-wives soon descend like vultures, determined to get their hands on the fortune.
 id : 243909 ISBN : 0373194099  | name : Expecting at Christmas  |  description : Expecting At Christmas by Charlotte Maclay released on Oct 25, 1999 is available now for purchase.
 id : 243910 ISBN : 1550225774  | name : Dr. Joe and what You Didn't Know  |  description : Provides questions and answers relating to the practical aspects of chemistry in everyday life.
 id : 243911 ISBN : 0373167717  | name : The Most Eligible Daddy  |  description : The Most Eligible... Daddy by Tina Leonard released on Feb 22, 1999 is available now for purchase.
 id : 243913 ISBN : 0373031513  | name : Adventure of the Heart  |  description : Adventure Of The Heart by Anne Marie Duquette released on Aug 23, 1991 is available now for purchase.
 id : 243914 ISBN : 0821742868  | name : Sunrise Surrender  |  description : Haunted by a recurring dream in which she is seduced by a handsome pirate, Delta Jarrett journeys down the Mississippi in a riverboat and meets dashing fugitive Brett Reall. By the author of Silver Surrender. Original.
 id : 243915 ISBN : 0752844237  | name : The Bone-pedlar  |  description : The first novel in a series featuring Sir Richard Straccan, ex-Crusader turned dealer in holy relics, and therefore both fixer for and target of innumerable conspiracies . . .
 id : 243916 ISBN : 0007119879  | name : The Colour of Heaven  |  description : From the author of THE DISCOVERY OF CHOCOLATE -- a romantic historical quest set in Renaissance Venice and China surrounding the search for ultramarine. THE COLOUR OF HEAVEN is a fictional account of a young man who travelled to what are now Afghanistan and China to discover lapis lazuli, the precious stone that when turned into ultramarine changed the history of painting -- allowing artists to abandon gold as a background and open up depth, landscape and perspective with the most beautiful shade of blue. Along the way, Paolo suffers the torments of unfulfilled love before he returns to his anxious family in Venice, where he also plays a part in the early development of lenses and spectacles!
 id : 243917 ISBN : 0373079656  | name : Virgin Without a Memory  |  description : Virgin Without A Memory by Vickie Taylor released on Sep 24, 1999 is available now for purchase.
 id : 243918 ISBN : 0373168179  | name : The Great Texas Wedding Bargain  |  description : The Great Texas Wedding Bargain by Judy Christenberry released on Feb 23, 2000 is available now for purchase.
 id : 243919 ISBN : 0892964316  | name : An Owl Too Many  |  description : When Emory Emmerick, an obnoxious guest at Balaclava College's Annual Owl Count is murdered, Professor Peter Shandy investigates
 id : 243920 ISBN : 0373099401  | name : The Real Elizabeth Hollister  |  description : The locket found clutched in her hand years before was the only clue Grace Gregory had to her past. But that alone had led her to a family of great wealth and power-and to a man who, despite his unconcealed suspicion, made her long for far more than the truth of her identity...Paul Hollister had seen too many fortune hunters try to exploit his family's long-ago tragedy to believe this woman's claims. And yet he could not escape the feeling that she was what he had been searching for all his life...
 id : 243922 ISBN : 0373099886  | name : A Man and a Million  |  description : A Man And A Million by Jackie Merritt released on Aug 25, 1995 is available now for purchase.
 id : 243923 ISBN : 0312143087  | name : The Darkening Leaf  |  description : On a stormy beach in Dorset in 1847, lovers Philobeth and Frederick rescue a beautiful woman from a group of thieves, and the woman soon captivates the entire household and threatens to separate the young couple.
 id : 243924 ISBN : 0739407198  | name : The Carbohydrate Addict's Lifespan Program  |  description : Explains how "The Carbohydrate Addict's Lifespan Program" can cut cravings, hunger, and excess weight, reduce blood sugar swings, reduce stress, and increase energy and optimal health for the mature adult.
 id : 243926 ISBN : 0965330257  | name : Blood Canticle  |  description : Anne Rice continues her astonishing Vampire Chronicles with the story of Lestat's passionate quest for redemption,goodness and the love of Rowan Mayfair.Here are all the brilliantly conceived principal characters that make up Anne Rice's world of vampires and witches: Mona Mayfair, who's come to Blackwood Farm to die and is, instead, brought into the realm of the undead.
 id : 243927 ISBN : 1873982380  | name : The Mystery of the Yellow Room  |  description : The Mystery of the Yellow Room is one of the classics of early 20th century detective fiction. At the heart of the novel is the enigma: how could a murder take place in a locked room, which shows no sign of being entered?
 id : 243929 ISBN : 8427933592  | name : Alarico Y El Club De Los Boffins/Alarico and the Boffins' Club  |  description : Alarico founds the Club de los Boffins so that he and his friends can further the interests of science through investigation and experiment.
 id : 243930 ISBN : 0618009361  | name : Farmer Giles of Ham  |  description : In the story that inspired Tolkien's Roverandom, a reluctant hero finds himself confronting a foul dragon in order to save his village from destruction.
 id : 243931 ISBN : 0373244495  | name : Bittersweet Passion  |  description : Bittersweet Passion by Peggy Webb released on Jan 25, 2002 is available now for purchase.
 id : 243932 ISBN : 0786705248  | name : The Cornerstone  |  description : A tale of chivalric love and religious warfare set in thirteenth-century France recreates the time of knighthood and pageantry
 id : 243933 ISBN : 158348826X  | name : El Corsario Negro  |  description : Provided in Spanish only.
 id : 243936 ISBN : 031021792X  | name : The Paradise War  |  description : Picture a world intricately entwined with our own yet separate, pulsing with the raw energy and vivid color of Celtic myth come to life. Picture Albion. And enter Lewis Gillies, an Oxford student whose search for a missing friend leads him through a door to another reality- and unimagined discoveries about life, good and evil, and his own identity and destiny. In an ancient cairn in the wilds of Scotland, Oxford student Simon Rawson vanishes, seemingly into thin air. Where has he gone? Unsettling signs -- a mysterious Green Man, a Celtic circle chalked on the sidewalk -- point his roommate, Lewis Gillies, to an impossible answer . . . and an incredible destiny on the other side of a doorway between worlds. There, where Celtic champions, magic, and treachery weave the beautiful and brutal land called Albion, Lewis finds Simon. And there, schooled as a warrior, he is thrust to the front of a titanic struggle between light and darkness -- a hideous, onrushing darkness that would devour not merely a kingdom, but two worlds.
 id : 243937 ISBN : 1401307817  | name : The Myst Reader  |  description : This omnibus edition of the hugely popular Myst trilogy is published to coincide with the release of Myst Revelations, the latest in the line of the bestselling Myst interactive CD-ROM games. The award-winning Myst series is one of the most successful interactive CD-ROM computer games in history with sales of more than 12 million copies worldwide. Myst captivated the world when it was first conceived and created by brothers Rand and Robyn Miller. Its extraordinary success has gone on to spawn Riven, Myst III Exile, and most recently, Uru: The Ages Beyond Myst. Devoted fans of these surreal adventure games gather yearly at "Mysterium" (whose event sites are spreading to other countries) to exchange game strategies, share stories, and meet up with old friends. The Myst Reader is a literary companion to the CD-ROM games and a compendium of the bestselling official Myst trilogy: The Book of Atrus, The Book of Ti'ana, and The Book of D'ni. Devoted fans and new players alike will be delighted to have three books in this mythic saga together for the first time in one value-priced volume, which will be published in time to coincide with the long-awaited release of Myst Revelations.
 id : 243938 ISBN : 0745925103  | name : The Silver Hand  |  description : After the death of the great king, Meldryn Mawr, Prince Meldron claims the throne of Prydain, but the bard Tegid Tathal initiates the Day of Strife when he refuses to bestow the kingship on Meldron.
 id : 243939 ISBN : 0061082767  | name : First and Forever  |  description : Accepting the proposal of Justin Barrison, the son of a wealthy store owner whose marital decision risks his inheritance, Katrina Swann finds many unexpected tests for their love. By the author of Band of Gold. Original.
 id : 243940 ISBN : 0373241925  | name : Temporary Daddy  |  description : Temporary Daddy by Jennifer Mikels released on Jun 24, 1998 is available now for purchase.
 id : 243942 ISBN : 037370271X  | name : Season of Enchantment  |  description : Season Of Enchantmen by Casey Douglas released on Jun 24, 1987 is available now for purchase.
 id : 243943 ISBN : 0373034261  | name : Something Old, Something New  |  description : Something Old, Something New by Catherine Leigh released on Jul 25, 1996 is available now for purchase.
 id : 243944 ISBN : 0953658562  | name : Hello World  |  description : 'Hello World' is the story of a life online. Part travelogue, part memoir, Sue Thomas draws on her online travels as well as her physical journeys in the USA, Australia, Spain and England. While the book is non-fiction, it is a direct descendent of 'Correspondence', Thomas’ extraordinary novel that also deals with the synergies between digital and physical worlds. Like its fictional counterpart, Hello World will trigger feelings in readers of recognition and will stimulate debate on the nature of the physical in a wired world for years to come. First published in 2004. 'This is a book about a love affair. It's also a meditation on a phenomenon that has changed not just our lives but our perceptions of ourselves.' The Independent. '...an essential tour guide to the poetics of time, space and gender in the Information Age. This book is quite simply a Baedeker to the cyber-realm.' Carolyn Guertin. '...engagingly and warmly written, 'Hello World' combines first-person meditations with a wealth of information. Highly recommended for first-time users and those who want to try dipping their toes into the cyberwaters.' N. Katherine Hayles. '...embracing digital media for its freedom and life beyond the physical page, her writings fuse the surfaces, textures, histories and interactions of our bodies and minds.' Robin Rimbaud / Scanner. 'Sue Thomas is one of the most innovation thinkers, promoters and facilitators on the web.' Stelarc. '...anyone who feels both seduced and appalled by the complexities of embedded technology will empathise with this account of the personal highs and lows of an intimate relationship with technology.' Jenny Wolmark. 'Speaking with ease and authority, earned through years of immersive investigation, Sue Thomas critiques virtuality in a manner which makes this book accessible to those who are new to the networked world, as well as a must-read for those already there.' Melinda Rackham. 'Hello World is fascinating, almost hypnotic. Thomas travels all over the physical world, and all over the virtual world, visiting sights and sites of intrinsic and historical interest. She describes what she sees, tells us how the experience affects her, and recounts how past travelers have marked these conceptual landscapes. Thomas invokes Thoreau throughout the book, and the comparison is apt: As Thoreau's observations of the activity around Walden Pond always told us as much about him as they did about the nature he studied, so, too, Thomas's observations reveal much about herself. The intensity of her love for cyberspace is manifest in her attentiveness to the detail of each virtual experience.' Tekka. 'Thomas offers a way of being in the world that refuses hierarchies and primacies and offers us a model of an engaged and creative practice that is both virtual and real.' RealTime. 'As a mix it's intense and entrancing, and it demonstrates the ease with which computers, electronic communications, and lives all intertwine beyond the home.' Alan Sondheim. Originally published in paperback by Raw Nerve Books. Web Supplement http://travelsinvirtuality.typepad.com/helloworld/
 id : 243945 ISBN : 1585674087  | name : Hash  |  description : In a small town ravaged by a tuberculosis epidemic, two very different men--Robert Maser, a traveling garment salesman who is actually fugitive Nazi leader Martin Borman, and Lars, a local schoolteacher--wander the countryside in search of the world's finest hash.
 id : 243946 ISBN : 0373117345  | name : Tug of Love  |  description : Tug Of Love by Penny Jordan released on Feb 22, 1995 is available now for purchase.
 id : 243947 ISBN : 1582343985  | name : Dive  |  description : Lisa Teasley's seductive debut novel is at once a thriller, a love story, and a meditation on what makes each one of us unique. Ray Rose is a charming construction worker in Florida, plagued with guilt about a violent crime he committed a year earlier. Ruby Falls is a beautiful animator whose freewheeling L.A. lifestyle is suddenly derailed when she stumbles upon a bloody crime scene at the Laurel Canyon guest house where she lives. Fleeing their respective home lives in search of reinvention, the two adventurers head for Alaska, where their paths eventually cross. The fireworks are immediate. But as Ray and Ruby, surrounded by their remarkable friends, try to settle down into something more domestic, a sudden accident changes all their expectations for the future. With luminously original prose and a fast-paced, eminently readable sense of story, Lisa Teasley brings alive a diverse and vital cast of characters, who find the promise of redemption through their interconnected lives.
 id : 243949 ISBN : 0373257694  | name : Manhunting in Memphis  |  description : Manhunting In Memphis by Heather MacAllister released on Dec 25, 1997 is available now for purchase.
 id : 243951 ISBN : 0821751026  | name : Hearts Defiant  |  description : Desperate to save his captured brother from being hanged, Confederate blockade runner Traynor Braggette commandeers a Union riverboat, but his plans are turned upside down by beautiful Yankee debutante Marci Colderaine. Original.
 id : 243952 ISBN : 0373120443  | name : The Wedding-night Affair  |  description : The Wedding-Night Affair by Miranda Lee released on Jun 24, 1999 is available now for purchase.
 id : 243956 ISBN : 0743457161  | name : Star Trek: The Next Generation: I.K.S. Gorkon: Honor Bound  |  description : The Order of theBat'leth:founded after Kahless's ascension toSto-Vo-Kor,the Order was tasked with rooting out dishonorable behavior and spreading the word of Kahless to the Klingon people. In the subsequent millennium, the Order has become more ceremonial, but now Chancellor Martok has called the Order back to its original function -- to preserve the cause of honor.Book TwoCaptain Klag of theI.K.S. Gorkon --the newest inductee into the Order -- has given his word to the Children of San-Tarah that the Klingon Empire will leave them in peace. But Klag's old rival General Talak has ordered him to go back on his word and aid Talak in conquering the San-Tarah's world. Now Klag must stand against his fellow Klingons -- but will even his fellow members of the Order of theBat'leth,not to mention his own crew, follow him into disobedience? Or will they betray him to Talak?The crew of theGorkonfaces its greatest trial in a glorious adventure that will be remembered in song and story throughout the Empire!
 id : 243958 ISBN : 0373035349  | name : Santa's Special Delivery  |  description : Santa's Special Delivery by Val Daniels released on Oct 23, 1998 is available now for purchase.
 id : 243959 ISBN : 0373035918  | name : Her Secret Bodyguard  |  description : Sami Fontaine wanted a baby more than anything. But she didn't want a husband! Where could she find a man willing to father a child without gaining a wife? The solution was simple: advertise... When gorgeous Noah Hawke turned up on her doorstep, Sami knew she'd found the perfect man. Only Noah wasn't reporting for baby-making duties: he'd been hired to watch over Sami. And the very best way to protect her was to marry her!
 id : 243960 ISBN : 1557736723  | name : Defiant Rose  |  description : Rose Carney expects day-to-day difficulties in running her circus on the American frontier of the 1870s, but she does not count on her backers backing out, nor on the handsome representative sent by them to close down the show. Original.
 id : 243962 ISBN : 2020571242  | name : Les lettres mauves  |  description : Sans scrupule, l'agent littéraire Anthea Landau veut vendre sa correspondance avec Gulliver Fairborn, l'écrivain fétiche du grand bouquiniste cambrioleur Bernie Rhodenbarr. Auteur d'un roman qui a bouleversé l'Amérique des années 60 (on songe à Salinger), Fairborn a toujours voulu garder l'anonymat. C'est dire s'il se sent menacé par les intentions de son agent. Heureusement, Bernie veille au grain et, lorsque Alice Cottrell, une ex de Fairborn, lui demande de l'aider à récupérer les lettres, il accepte aussitôt, se rend à l'hôtel où réside Anthea et s'apprête à mener à bien sa tâche lorsque... Anthea Landau serait-elle donc morte, là, dans son lit ? Arrêté pour un menu cambriolage auquel il n'a pu s'empêcher de procéder chez Anthea Landau, Bernie se voit contraint d'enquêter, et très sérieusement, s'il ne veut pas être inculpé d'un meurtre que, bien sûr, il n'a pas commis.
 id : 243963 ISBN : 2253155047  | name : Code Zéro  |  description : Gare de Washington, le 29 janvier 1958, cinq heures du matin. Affolé, Luke se réveille habillé comme un clochard... Que fait-il là ? Il ne se souvient plus de rien. Bientôt, il se rend compte que deux hommes le filent. Pourquoi ? Luke est persuadé que son amnésie n'a rien d'accidentel. Mais ses poursuivants sont prêts à tout pour l'empêcher de reconstituer son passé... Traqué, désemparé, il découvre qu'il travaillait sur la base de Cap Canaveral, au lancement d'Explorer I. Le décollage de la fusée américaine est prévu pour le lendemain soir... Il a quarante-huit heures pour retrouver son identité, empêcher le sabotage d'Explorer I et sauver sa peau... En pleine guerre froide, le lancement de la fusée a été mystérieusement ajourné. Ken Follett a imaginé le déroulement de ces événements qui furent classés top secret par les autorités américaines. Heure après heure, minute après minute, un compte à rebours d'une efficacité redoutable.
 id : 243964 ISBN : 0385488629  | name : Footfalls in Memory  |  description : Best known as a lecturer, a hostage negotiator, and as a Beirut hostage himself, Terry Waite here collects and comments on excerpts from his favorite books read during his confinement, the ones he remembers from his past, and the ones he wished he had been given. Line drawings.
 id : 243966 ISBN : 0091827663  | name : Fat Chance  |  description : Can you become 'The Face' when you look like a pregnant rhinoceros?Lisa wants to know.Can you snatch a modelling contract when you're fourteen and a social outcast, with a mother who pumps donuts, hot dogs and chilli pancakes into you like there's no tomorrow?FAT CHANCE!
 id : 243967 ISBN : 0091826578  | name : Outer Face  |  description : Collection of short stories for middle primary children which revolves around the theme of encounters with people and objects from outer space. The 14 stories include titles such as TAliens Sprom Outer Face', TMirror Door', and TWhat Mingumma Never Saw'.
 id : 243968 ISBN : 0439215811  | name : Expect the Unexpected  |  description : Presents accounts of kids' most embarrassing moments--from comic to poignant to painful--and offers advice about grace under pressure and tips for surviviing even the most humiliating circumstances.
 id : 243970 ISBN : 0743246721  | name : An Alchemy of Mind  |  description : From the bestselling author of "A Natural History of the Senses" "comes a playful, rewarding jaunt through the brain's chemical realities and emotional intangibles" ("Kirkus Reviews").
 id : 243973 ISBN : 1559349352  | name : Women in American Society  |  description : This introduction to women;s studies provides a comprehensive synthesis and critique of feminist scholarship and research. The text integrates current scholarship and research from a wide variety of disciplines including political science, sociology, psychology, economics, education, history, law, and mass communications.
 id : 243974 ISBN : 0816749183  | name : Cat Got Your Tongue?  |  description : This book tells where maxims (ex: happy as a clam) come from and what they mean.
 id : 243975 ISBN : 0813016231  | name : A River in Flood, and Other Florida Stories  |  description : About Nine Florida Stories by Marjory Stoneman Douglas: "Written as entertainment for a mass market . . . crammed with colorful characters, vivid incidents and palpable atmosphere. . . . A reminder of a Florida gone by or fast disappearing."--Orlando Sentinel "Reflects the same concerns found in her better-known non-fiction work--a fascination with the beauty of Florida and a warning against its imminent destruction."--Tallahassee Democrat In the pantheon of Florida writers, Marjory Stoneman Douglas (1890-1998) is cherished as the grande dame. Famous as the author of The Everglades: River of Grass, prolific as a writer, and passionate as an environmental crusader for almost a century, she became the nation's best link to a remarkable era in Florida history. The timeless themes of her stories in this new collection resonate with interest for readers today. Whether the subject is hurricanes, cockfighting, real estate deals, struggling immigrants, or corruption in the Everglades, Douglas wrote about it with distinction--and usually first. Originally published in the Saturday Evening Post during the 1920s and 1930s, the golden age of the short story, these nine works have never before been collected or available in one place. Kevin M. McCarthy, who edited the companion volume, Nine Florida Stories by Marjory Stoneman Douglas, offers an introduction to each story, explaining its significance, setting, unusual references, place in Douglas's works, and significance to the history of South Florida. Kevin M. McCarthy, professor of English and Florida studies at the University of Florida, is the author or editor of nineteen other books, including Florida Lighthouses, Florida Stories, and More Florida Stories (published by the University Press of Florida). The stories: "At Home on the Marcel Waves" "Solid Mahogany" "Goodness Gracious, Agnes" "A River in Flood" "The Mayor of Flamingo" "Stepmother" "You Got to Go, But You Don't Have to Come Back" "High-Goal Man" "Wind Before Morning"
 id : 243976 ISBN : 0060675292  | name : Born of a Woman  |  description : provocatively shows the Bible's depiction of a virginal, revered yet subservient, Mary to be a "subtle, unconscious source for the continued oppression of women" and a God-given legitimization of the second-class status of women in Western history. The legacy of the Mary myths, suggests Spong, is pervasive and can be seen in our attitudes toward women and female sexuality, sexual harassment in the workplace, the notion of a celibate priesthood, and the exclusion of women.
 id : 243978 ISBN : 0739423398  | name : The Organized Homeschooler  |  description : A collection of tried-and-true homeschooling ideas to help achieve a balance between the home and classroom.
 id : 243980 ISBN : 0553284886  | name : The Daphne Decisions  |  description : Awakening in a hospital bed badly bruised and beaten and with no memory of the event that put her in the hospital, Jessica James is puzzled by the arrival of a powerful local judge, who claims that Jessica is his missing daughter-in-law, Daphne
 id : 243981 ISBN : 0595271480  | name : Death Pays the Rose Rent  |  description : A New York reporter, Toni Miracle, attends a rose festival in Pennsylvania's Amish country and stumbles on a series of murders, each of which is accompanied by a rose. As she investigates, the town's age old secrets emerge.
 id : 243986 ISBN : 068713286X  | name : 44 Ways to Expand the Financial Base of Your Congregation  |  description : Here is a treasury of 44 proven-effective stewardship ideas by the man Leadership magazine calls "America's foremost authority on the dynamics of church life." "When all is said and done," says Lyle E. Schaller, "there are only two good reasons why anyone should be asked to contribute money to the church. The first is to help promote the giver's spiritual growth... The second reason is even simpler. Christian discipleship is Christian stewardship. How could it be anything else? How else do God's people grow in grace?" In the tradition of Schaller's many other top-selling books, 44 Ways to Expand the Financial Base of Your Congregation contains strategies tested and proven in scores of local congregations across the U.S. and Canada. The 44 strategies are humorously illustrated by Edward Lee Tucker's "Friar Tuck" cartoon characters.
 id : 243987 ISBN : 0752853007  | name : The Ex Files  |  description : Fay decides to have one last fling, one brief encounter, before she ties the knot for better for worse the following weekend. And the wedding itself will be just as unorthodox, for, in a bid to be modern and grown up, the bride and groom invite a potentially explosive mix of ex-boyfriends and girlfriends, as well as several irritating in-laws. Fay is determined to have a good time, but there's one person present who has other ideas . . . Jane Moore's antennae are perfectly tuned to what men and women really thought of each other in the noughties. THE EX-FILES is a bracing, witty look at contemporary relationships that will make you laugh and, possibly, make you think as well.
 id : 243988 ISBN : 0671617680  | name : Teacher  |  description : Teacher is part diary, part inspired description of Ashton-Warner's teaching method in action. Her fiercely loved children come alive individually, as do the unique setting and the character of this extraordinary woman. Ashton-Warner devised a method whereby written words became prized possessions for her students. Today, her findings are strikingly relevant to the teaching of socially disadvantaged and non-English-speaking students.
 id : 243989 ISBN : 1580081576  | name : The Career Counselor's Handbook  |  description : This guide addresses the problems a career counsellor runs into, how to deal with those problems and how to deal with their own needs for motivation. The book also discusses the history of ideas in the field since 1900, who invented those ieas and what their present usefulness is.
 id : 243990 ISBN : 0393008614  | name : Caleb Williams  |  description : Deals with the misdeeds of Tyrrel, a tyrannical country squire, who comes into conflict with Falkland, a neighbouring squire of a seemingly more benevolent disposition.
 id : 243991 ISBN : 0870114247  | name : The Waiting Years  |  description : The insatiable lust of Tomo's husband causes her deep humiliation. The relationships that are formed between her and the mistresses she provides for her husband dominates the story.
 id : 243993 ISBN : 0935702997  | name : Physical Chemistry: A Molecular Approach  |  description : Emphasizes a molecular approach to physical chemistry, discussing principles of quantum mechanics first and then using those ideas in development of thermodynamics and kinetics. Chapters on quantum subjects are interspersed with ten math chapters reviewing mathematical topics used in subsequent chapters. Includes material on current physical chemical research, with chapters on computational quantum chemistry, group theory, NMR spectroscopy, and lasers. Units and symbols used in the text follow IUPAC recommendations. Includes exercises. Annotation copyrighted by Book News, Inc., Portland, OR
 id : 243995 ISBN : 0198547668  | name : Biomolecular NMR Spectroscopy  |  description : The technique of nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy is an important tool in biochemistry and biophysics for the understanding of the structure and ultimately, the function of biomolecules. This textbook explains the salient features of biological NMR spectroscopy to undergraduates and postgraduates taking courses in NMR, biological NMR, physical biochemistry, and biophysics. Unlike other books in the general field of NMR (except the advanced treatises), the approach here is tointroduce and make use of quantum mechanical product operators as well as the classical vector method of explaining the bewildering array of pulse sequences available today. The book covers two- dimensional, three- dimensional, and four- dimensional NMR and their application to protein and DNA structure determination. A unique feature is the coverage of the biological aspects of solid- state NMR spectroscopy. The author provides many selected examples from the research literature, illustratingthe applications of NMR spectroscopy to biological proteins.
 id : 243996 ISBN : 0807559660  | name : The Old Motel Mystery  |  description : The Boxcar Children offer to help Aunt Jane's friend, Kay, fix up her run-down motel.
 id : 243997 ISBN : 0465028810  | name : Pox  |  description : Discusses the impact of syphilis on many of history's famous figures, detailing the specific ways in which the disease influenced the lives and works of such figures as Beethoven, Vincent van Gogh, Columbus, Abraham Lincoln, Hitler, and Oscar Wilde. 20,000 first printing.
 id : 244002 ISBN : 1593080719  | name : Vanity Fair  |  description : Chronicles the exploits of Becky Sharp, an unscrupulous young woman who is determined to achieve wealth and social success.
 id : 244003 ISBN : 0140286810  | name : Blood and Vengeance  |  description : In July 1995 approximately 7,000 Muslim men, women, and children died under Serbian hands in and around the old Bosnian mining town of Srebrenica. Blood and Vengeance puts a human face on the grim statistics and tangled politics of this event. Through the odyssey of one Muslim family, the Celiks of the remote mountain village of Kupusovici, journalist Chuck Sudetic tells the epic and tragic story of a people and a nation. His narrative reaches beyond the Battle of Kosovo in 1389, where the turks conquered the serbs, and unfolds with sweeping and inexorable power towards the Celiks' rendezvous with history in the so-called "safe area" of Srebrenica.
 id : 244006 ISBN : 0805206728  | name : Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Susan B. Anthony, Correspondence, Writings, Speeches  |  description : A survey of the works of Elizabeth Cady Stanton and Susan B. Anothony beginning with the organization of the Seneca Falls convention and covering American feminism and woman suffrage.
 id : 244007 ISBN : 1558589112  | name : With Love  |  description : In this enchanting book, world-renowned scientist and conservationist Jane Goodall brings together stories gleaned from nearly 40 years of studying chimps in the forests of Tanzania. As the stories recounted here demonstrate, chimpanzees are capable of great compassion, altruism and love. Full color.
 id : 244009 ISBN : 0520084284  | name : The Trial of Madame Caillaux  |  description : Recounts the murder trial of Madame Caillaux, wife of a French cabinet minister, who shot Gaston Calmette, editor of Le Figaro and her husband's political enemy
 id : 244010 ISBN : 0931250242  | name : Coaching Young Athletes  |  description : This guide introduces and explains the basics of coaching, such as coaching philosophy, sport psychology, sport pedagogy, sport physiology, sport medicine, parent management, and sport law.
 id : 244011 ISBN : 0873419936  | name : Wayne Goddard's $50 Knife Shop  |  description : Following on the heels of Goddard's hot-selling "how to" book, "The Wonder of Knifemaking", this new book expands on the author's popular column in "Blade" magazine to show knifemakers of all skill levels how to create helpful gadgets and supply their shop on a shoestring. 75 photos.
 id : 244012 ISBN : 0895863790  | name : Complete Guide to Sports Injuries  |  description : This newly revised and updated edition of the classic, authoritative guide features information on almost 200 athletic and exercise injuries, 75 of the common illnesses that often affect athletes, and an illustrated section on rehabilitation.
 id : 244015 ISBN : 015259034X  | name : Over Sea, Under Stone  |  description : Three children find an ancient manuscript which sends them on a quest for a grail that would reveal the true story of King Arthur.
 id : 244016 ISBN : 0671007106  | name : Lost in Vegas!  |  description : When Alex notices strange characters hanging around her family during their Las Vegas vacation, she takes a gamble on exposing her powers to find out what they're after. Featured in Nick's website (Nick.com).
 id : 244017 ISBN : 2070323218  | name : Propos sur le bonheur  |  description : Voici le jardin du philosophe. On y cueillera des fruits mûris sur le tronc de la sagesse commune et dorés à cette autre lumière des idées. Ils en reprennent leur saveur d'origine, qui est le goût de l'existence. Saveur oubliée en nos pensées ; car on voudrait s'assurer que l'existence est bonne et on ne le peut ; on en déçoit donc l'espérance par précaution, prononçant qu'elle est mauvaise. De là s'étend l'empire de l'imagination déréglée, en quoi Alain, se confiant à la sagesse du corps, restaure la souveraineté claire de l'homme heureux et qui n'attend pas pour l'être, ici et non ailleurs, que l'événement lui donne raison, acteur enfin et non spectateur de soi-même.
 id : 244018 ISBN : 2070363643  | name : Petit déjeuner chez Tiffany  |  description : J'avais été au cinéma, j'étais rentré et je m'étais mis au lit avec un grog au rhum et le dernier Simenon. C'était tellement mon idée d'une soirée confortable que je ne parvenais pas à comprendre le sentiment de malaise qui s'amplifia en moi au point que je pouvais entendre les battements de mon cœur... Le sentiment que l'on m'épiait. Que quelqu'un était dans la chambre. Puis il y eut une succession de coups secs sur la vitre, une apparition d'un gris spectral. Je renversai le grog. Il me fallut un certain temps avant que je me décide à ouvrir la fenêtre et à demander à Miss Golightly ce qu'elle voulait. L'histoire de Holiday Golightly, la cover-girl incarnée à l'écran par Audrey Hepburn.
 id : 244021 ISBN : 2266122452  | name : J'avais douze ans...  |  description : Nathalie avait douze ans quand son père l'a violée pour la première fois. En ce temps-là, confie-t-elle, j'étais toute fière quand on me disait que j'étais déjà une petite femme. Je ne savais pas ce que ça voulait dire être une petite femme en miniature, une poupée que son père installait tranquillement dans la nuit sur la machine à laver pour la violer. Pendant cinq ans, la peur, la résignation, la culpabilité l'empêchent de parler. Et puis, à dix huit ans, avec un courage et une détermination admirables, elle décide de briser le silence : elle porte plainte contre son père et accepte de témoigner à la télévision. J'ai entamé une véritable croisade. J'avais envie de dire à toutes les filles comme moi de ne plus avoir cette honte. Nathalie crie sa douleur. A nous de faire silence pour écouter, et partager son combat.
 id : 244022 ISBN : 2020044595  | name : Les flamboyants  |  description : Voici une saga de l'Afrique moderne légendaire centrée autour d'un général roi fou, véritable héros d'épopée, de western et de bande dessinée. Une guerre, une révolution, une quête du sacré s'enchaînent dans un foisonnement de vie végétale et animale. Dans tout ce roman règne l'arbre tropical, symbole de cette aventure baroque.
 id : 244023 ISBN : 2070410269  | name : La folie Forcalquier  |  description : "C'était un alignement, de cinq cadavres dans un ordre parfait. A égale distance les uns des autres, les orteils dressés vers le ciel, les paletots reboutonnés, même s'il était patent qu'ils eussent subi quelque désordre, les mains ouvertes dans le prolongement des bras collés au corps, les yeux fermés et tous comme au garde-à-vous. On avait dû profiter de ce qu'ils étaient encore chauds pour procéder à cette mise en scène." Crime politique, affrontement entre bandits de grand chemin ou implacable vengeance ?
 id : 244026 ISBN : 8440635893  | name : Beloved  |  description : Proud and beautiful, Sethe escaped from slavery but is haunted by its heritage--from the fires of the flesh to the heartbreaking challenges to the spirit. Set in rural Ohio several years after the Civil War, this profoundly affecting chronicle of slavery and its aftermath is Toni Morrison's greatest work. Unabridged. 11 CDs.
 id : 244034 ISBN : 840142285X  | name : Un mundo feliz  |  description : Mighty novel of soulless steamlined Eden, a shocking look at a frightening tomorrow.
 id : 244040 ISBN : 8426105084  | name : Guerra y paz  |  description : The well-known works of literature in this series constitute the most valuable treasures of universal literature. The affordably priced imitation leather bound books enhance any library, putting the works of Shakespeare, Cervantes, Dostoyevsky, and Tolstoy within everyone's reach.
 id : 244041 ISBN : 8804401680  | name : Ti con zero  |  description : Dalla caduta della luna sulla terra ai vertiginosi paradossi logici dell'abate Faria che scava labirintiche gallerie per evadere. Una serie di racconti sulla scienza e sulle dimensioni spazio-temporali nei quali "ogni secondo, ogni frazione di tempo, diventa un universo".
 id : 244043 ISBN : 0201710404  | name : Extreme Programming Examined  |  description : Extreme Programming (XP) is a flexible programming discipline that emphasizes constant integration, frequent small releases, co Extreme Programming (XP) is a flexible programming discipline that emphasizes constant integration, frequent small releases, continual customer feedback, and a teamwork approach. With considerable fanfare, XP has taken the mainstream of software engineering by storm. It has been adopted by an increasing number of development organizations worldwide. At the first annual Conference on Extreme Programming and Flexible Processes in Software Engineering, held in Italy in June of 2000, leading theorists and practitioners came together to share principles, techniques, tools, best practices for XP, and other flexible methodologies. Extreme Programming Examined gathers the 33 most insightful papers from this conference into one volume. With contributions by Kent Beck, Martin Fowler, Ward Cunningham, Ron Jeffries, and other visionaries in the field, these papers together represent the state-of-the-art in XP methodology as well as a glimpse at the future of XP. Individual articles are organized into cohesive categories that allow the reader to learn and apply this ma
 id : 244045 ISBN : 0451411498  | name : The Final Cut  |  description : The official novelization of the new cutting-edge suspense film from Lion's Gate Films, scheduled for release in the summer of 2004 and starring Academy Award( winners Robin Williams and Mira Sorvino, and James Caviezel ("The Passion of the Christ"). Original.
 id : 244046 ISBN : 0060533005  | name : Fifteen  |  description : Jane Purdy is 15 and a sophomore in high school. No one has ever asked her for a date except George, an unromantic boy. Then she meets Stan: tall, good-looking, resourceful and 16 years old--all she ever dreamed of.
 id : 244047 ISBN : 0800793218  | name : Blood Brothers  |  description : A Christian Palestinian from Galilee recounts his witness to the mid-twentieth-century events that led to the deaths of tens of thousands of people, the incarceration of nearly one million people in refugee camps, and the breakdown of Arab-Israeli relations, during which he made a choice to promote peace. Original.
 id : 244048 ISBN : 0374134383  | name : Daddyji  |  description : Biographical portrait of the author's father Amolak Ram Mehta (Daddyji), b. 1895, distinguished Indian public health officer.
 id : 244049 ISBN : 0714536962  | name : In Africa Even the Flies are Happy  |  description : Includes some prose passages.
 id : 244052 ISBN : 1851681469  | name : On Being a Muslim  |  description : Tackling some of the key issues facing Islam today, this is a controversial, challenging, witty, and passionate account of a Muslim's life in the modern world.
 id : 244054 ISBN : 8876845186  | name : Mal'aria  |  description : Een onderzoek naar malaria zet een Italiaanse dokter in 1925 op het spoor van een reeks misdaden.
 id : 244055 ISBN : 2715223757  | name : La terre et le ciel de Jacques Dorme  |  description : " C'est alors que, d'une voix presque éteinte, en acceptant l'échec et ne demandant plus rien, je parlai de Jacques Dorme. Je réussis à dire sa vie en quelques phrases brèves, nues. Je me trouvais dans un état d'abattement tel que j'entendais à peine ce que je disais. Et c'est dans cet état seulement que je fus capable d'exprimer toute la douloureuse vérité de cette vie. Un aviateur venu d'un pays lointain rencontre une femme du même pays que le sien et, pendant très peu de jours, dans une ville dont il ne restera bientôt que des ruines, ils s'aiment ; puis il part au bout de la terre pour conduire les avions destinés an front, et meurt, en s'écrasant sur un versant de glace, sous le ciel blême du cercle polaire. Je l'avais dit autrement. Non pas mieux, mais plus brièvement encore, plus près de l'essence de leur amour. " Intense épopée humaine, profonde quête des origines personnelles, La terre et le ciel de Jacques Dorme évoque le destin des hommes qui avaient " une certaine idée de la France ". L'univers poétique de ce roman fait revivre les grands thèmes du Testament français (prix Goncourt 1995) et du Requiem pour l'Est et parachève ainsi la trilogie franco-russe d'Andreï Makine.
 id : 244057 ISBN : 0755200381  | name : An Acceptable Level of Violence  |  description : Towards the end of 1971, the then Home Secretary for Northern Ireland, Reginald Maudling, said that he could foresee a time when IRA violence could be reduced to an acceptable level. People weren't quite sure what he meant. How could any level of violence ever be acceptable? Towards the end of 1971, the then Home Secretary for Northern Ireland, Reginald Maudling, said that he could foresee a time when IRA violence could be reduced to an acceptable level. People weren't quite sure what he meant. How could any level of violence ever be acceptable? On Saturday, 4 March 1972, a no-warning bomb went off in a crowded restaurant in central Belfast. Two women were killed. 130 people were injured. Their names were added to the growing list of victims of the troubles. The real victims were the people left behind. This is their story. It's a story of survivors, of people who lived through the darkest years in Northern Ireland's history. In the telling of it, perhaps it will shed some light on how, as a nation, such people arrived at the point where an acceptable level of violence became for them, a way of life.
 id : 244058 ISBN : 0679765050  | name : Enigma  |  description : England im März 1943. In Bletchley Park wird fieberhaft daran gearbeitet, die Wunder-Chiffrier-Maschine Enigma, die den Funkverkehr der deutschen U-Boote verschlüsselt, zu knacken. Eine nahezu unlösbare Aufgabe für den Secret Intelligence Service, der seine letzten Hoffnungen in den genialen Kryptoanalytiker Tom Jericho setzt. Es beginnt ein Wettlauf mit der Zeit, der plötzlich sogar in den eigenen Reihen sabotiert zu werden scheint.
 id : 244059 ISBN : 074325581X  | name : The Scarpetta Collection Volume II  |  description : Chief medical examiner Kay Scarpetta calls on all of her investigative skills to solve a series of murders.
 id : 244060 ISBN : 067900856X  | name : New York City 2002  |  description : A traveler's guide to New York City containing itineraries, maps, prices, phone numbers, and detailed information on sites to see, lodging, dining, and activities; also includes a book and video list, A-Z travel tips, and a pull-out city map.
 id : 244061 ISBN : 0140056548  | name : Private View  |  description : Although widely popular and recognized as one of the best-known of contemporary British artists, Cook never enjoyed acceptance by the art establishment. In 1995, she was made an OBE. Her contribution to The Queen's Golden Jubilee, The Royal Couple, featured in the Golden Jubilee Exhibition, May 2002, at Art London, Chelsea. Glasgow's Gallery of Modern Art has three paintings by Cook. She is represented in Plymouth City Art Gallery, Durham Art Gallery and Bristol City Museum and Art Gallery."--Wikipedia, Dec. 2011.
 id : 244062 ISBN : 0671026674  | name : The HawaiiDiet  |  description : The purpose of HAWAII DIET is to help readers maximize their health & in the process minimize their weight.
 id : 244063 ISBN : 1566475252  | name : A Little Book of Aloha  |  description : A collection of the author's favorite Hawaiian proverbs that extoll the virtues of the aloha spirit.
 id : 244064 ISBN : 0446675504  | name : Parable of the Sower  |  description : This highly acclaimed post-apocalyptic novel of hope and terror from award-winning author Octavia E. Butler "pairs well with 1984 or The Handmaid's Tale" (John Green, New York Times)--now with a new foreword by N. K. Jemisin. When global climate change and economic crises lead to social chaos in the early 2020s, California becomes full of dangers, from pervasive water shortage to masses of vagabonds who will do anything to live to see another day. Fifteen-year-old Lauren Olamina lives inside a gated community with her preacher father, family, and neighbors, sheltered from the surrounding anarchy. In a society where any vulnerability is a risk, she suffers from hyperempathy, a debilitating sensitivity to others' emotions. Precocious and clear-eyed, Lauren must make her voice heard in order to protect her loved ones from the imminent disasters her small community stubbornly ignores. But what begins as a fight for survival soon leads to something much more: the birth of a new faith . . . and a startling vision of human destiny.
 id : 244065 ISBN : 0811814165  | name : Hush Little Baby  |  description : In this variation on an old lullaby, a baby rabbit is promised an assortment of presents from its adoring parent.
 id : 244066 ISBN : 0762102772  | name : How Did it Really Happen?  |  description : The true story behind 150 of the world's most enduring myths, strange disappearances, mysterious deaths, nagging controversies & timeless questions.
 id : 244067 ISBN : 1580630464  | name : Tim Burton  |  description : A portrait of the revolutionary Hollywood filmmaker responsible for such masterpieces as "Batman," "Edward Scissorhands," and "The Nightmare Before Christmas" details his rise to success
 id : 244069 ISBN : 0892812125  | name : Kali  |  description : The author draws on the powerful imagery of painting, sculpture, and literature in this celebration of the Hindu goddess.
 id : 244070 ISBN : 0892540257  | name : Kali  |  description : A comprehensive treatise on the Hindu goddess Ma Kali, her significance in the Hindu pantheon, the Dakshineswar Temple devoted to her worship, her rituals and festivals, and the mystics who were her followers.
 id : 244071 ISBN : 0802151078  | name : The Monk  |  description : The Monk shocked and titillated readers with its graphic portrayal of lust, sin, and violence when it was first published in 1796. A true classic of the Gothic novel, it has left an indelible mark on English literature and has influenced such eminent writers as Byron, Scott, Poe, Flaubert, Hawthorne, Emily Brontë, and many others over the past two centuries. Ambrosio is the abbot of the Capuchin monastery in Madrid. He is beloved by his flock, and his renowned piety has earned him the nickname The Man of Holiness. Yet beneath the veneer of this religious man lies a heart of hypocrisy; arrogant, licentious, and vengeful, he follows his sexual desires down the torturous path to ruin. Along the way, he encounters a naïve virgin who falls prey to his scheming, a baleful beauty fluent in witchcraft, the ghostly Bleeding Nun, an evil prioress, the Wandering Jew, and others.
 id : 244074 ISBN : 0553203606  | name : Alive and Dead  |  description : Martha Gragle, a volunteer at the National Guild for Unmarried Mothers, takes in a young, married woman seeking aid and enters an unfamiliar world of deceit and peril
 id : 244085 ISBN : 0875347207  | name : Highlights - Puzzlemania  |  description : Boyds Mills Press publishes a wide range of high-quality fiction and nonfiction picture books, chapter books, novels, and nonfiction
 id : 244088 ISBN : 0452263662  | name : Real Animal Heroes  |  description : Recounts the amazing stories of cats, dogs, pigs, pigeons, dolphins, mules, elephants, and horses who have saved human lives
 id : 244090 ISBN : 0613723155  | name : The Ghosts of Now  |  description : With her brother in a coma following a hit-and-run accident, a high school senior investigates the incident, stirring up animosity in the small, tight west Texas community where her family has recently moved.
 id : 244091 ISBN : 0534562590  | name : Gendered Lives  |  description : Introduces the many ways that gender images of masculinity and femininity affect how we communicate and how we lives our lives. Candid commentaries from students illustrate how they relate to gender communication issues. Looks at theories and research in gender communication, touching on issues of family dynamics, media, and violence.
 id : 244094 ISBN : 0821750380  | name : Midnight Rogue  |  description : Sheltered convent school student Gabrielle Dubay is horrified when she is abducted by ship captain Rogan Whitney, who seeks to avenge himself on Gabrielle's father for branding him a pirate. Original.
 id : 244095 ISBN : 0380766841  | name : Passionate Surrender  |  description : "The king himself has arranged the marriage, and the golden-haired Lady Genevieve hopes she will find the love that has so far eluded her. But nothing could have prepared her for Lord Tristen Sinclair, a towering raven-haired knight who claims her with the fierce power of his hungry kiss only to state that he will be her husband in name only. Stunned by the fiery pleasure he has ignited within her, yet stung by his harsh words, Genny responds with a defiance that sets Tristen reeling. Never has he encountered a woman so spirited and unpredictable. Never has he been so totally captivated by a temptress who both enrages and arouses him. As their wills clash, their destiny is written in the treachery that surrounds them, and in the overwhelming desire that consumes them in love's most passionate surrender"--Page 4 of cover.
 id : 244096 ISBN : 0380766922  | name : My Cherished Enemy  |  description : Seeking protection from her scheming uncle, Kathryn of Ashbury is forced to turn to her despised enemy, Guy de Marche, an arrogant knight who demands more from her than she is willing to give. Original.
 id : 244097 ISBN : 0821758861  | name : Jewel  |  description : Lost in a wager between her stepfather and the archaeologist Captain Ross Kilmarron, Stephanie Buchan is forced to marry the charismatic adventurer. Now, she must accompany him on an excursion to Arabia--and the oasis empire of a desert prince. Soon, an overwhelming passion is sparked between Stephanie and Ross, but Stephanie's cool beauty has also captivated Prince Hali Ahmed, who swears a deadly vow to make Stephanie his.
 id : 244099 ISBN : 084394482X  | name : The Key  |  description : Iliana would do anything to escape the depraved attentions of the unscrupulous baron who covets her lands ... including marrying a barbarian. Fleeing to the Scottish Highlands, she weds Duncan, laird to Dunbar Castle, but she refuses to allow him into her bed until he agrees to become more civilized.
 id : 244100 ISBN : 0440215811  | name : The Blue Knight  |  description : Don't pass up the incredible values offered in this month's $3.99 promotion with Robert B. Parker's Spenser novel, Pale Kings and Princes, John Saul's terrifying Comes the Blind Fury, and Joseph Wambaugh's blockbuster, The Blue Knight. The Blue Knight is a Los Angeles cop whose beat is a world of pimps, pushers, winos, whores, and killers--a cop who lives each day on the razor's edge.
 id : 244103 ISBN : 0671464590  | name : Secret of the Old Sleigh  |  description : Linda Craig finds a mysterious diary hidden in an old sleigh at her grandparents' ranch in California.
 id : 244106 ISBN : 1555912923  | name : Six-legged Sex  |  description : An entomologist translates scientific findings about insect courting and mating into language accessible to lay readers.
 id : 244113 ISBN : 0679885285  | name : The Random House Book of Fantasy Stories  |  description : This exciting collection takes readers on a journey through the labyrinthine corridors of the imagination. Filled with magical spells, fire-breathing dragons, and intrepid heroes, these classics of children's literature include stories by such authors as C.S. Lewis, J.R.R. Tolkien, George MacDonald, Jane Yolen, E. Nesbit, and more.
 id : 244115 ISBN : 0525484973  | name : Hotel Du Lac  |  description : In the novel that won her the Booker Prize and established her international reputation, Anita Brookner finds a new vocabulary for framing the eternal question "Why love?" It tells the story of Edith Hope, who writes romance novels under a psudonym. When her life begins to resemble the plots of her own novels, however, Edith flees to Switzerland, where the quiet luxury of the Hotel du Lac promises to resore her to her senses. But instead of peace and rest, Edith finds herself sequestered at the hotel with an assortment of love's casualties and exiles. She also attracts the attention of a worldly man determined to release her unused capacity for mischief and pleasure. Beautifully observed, witheringly funny, Hotel du Lac is Brookner at her most stylish and potently subversive. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 244116 ISBN : 0465041256  | name : Little Red Riding Hood Uncloaked Ten Moral Tales From The Forest  |  description : In Little Red Riding Hood Uncloaked Catherine Orenstein reveals for the first time the intricate sexual politics, moral ambiguities and philosophical underpinnings of Red Riding Hood's epic journey to Grandmother's house--and how, from the nursery on, the story influences our view of the world. Beginning with its first publication as a cautionary tale on the perils of seduction, written in reaction to the licentiousness of the court of Louis XIV, Orenstein traces the many and various lives the tale has lived since then, from its appearance in modern advertisements for cosmetics and automobiles to the inspiration it brought to poets like Anne Sexton and its starring role in pornographic films. In Little Red Riding Hood Uncloaked, Red appears as seductress, hapless victim, riot grrrrl, femme fatale, and even she-wolf, as Orenstein shows how, through centuries of different guises, the story has served as a barometer of social and sexual mores pertaining to women. Full of fascinating history, generous wit, and intelligent analysis, Little Red Riding Hood Uncloaked proves that the story of one young girl's trip through the woods continues to be one of our most compelling modern myths.
 id : 244117 ISBN : 0688114431  | name : Juiceman's Power of Juicing  |  description : The Juiceman's Power of Juicing shows how you can use delectable fresh juice combinations to help lower your cholesterol, overcome fatigue, lose weight, reduce your risk of many serious diseases, and relieve scores of common ailments, including headaches, insomnia, upset stomach...and even acne!
 id : 244118 ISBN : 0394408837  | name : Ask for Me Tomorrow  |  description : "Having heard that her first husband, B.J. Lockwood, had amassed a fortune in Mexico, and with her second husband now a helpless invalid and dying, Gilda Decker hires Tom Aragon to go to Mexico to search for Lockwood. The stated reason: Gilda wants her share of Lockwood's money -- he owes her. But as Aragon questions those who knew Lockwood, he finds the man's past shrouded in mystery; and as the young lawyer gets closer and closer to the truth, people start dying, one by one."--
 id : 244119 ISBN : 0505523272  | name : Heartland  |  description : Gunslinger Slade Maverick rides into town to care for eight orphaned children, but he meets his match in fiery Rachel Wilder. She doesn't trust the handsome man and is furious he is trying to take over as the children's guardian. Yet there's something about Slade that makes her tremble and the loneliness of her life melt away.
 id : 244120 ISBN : 0517568691  | name : M31, a Family Romance  |  description : Dash and Dot, a midwestern couple who believes in UFOs, manage a fragile, tense household of family and aquaintances until UFO groupies Gwen and Beale arrive, shattering everyone's perception of reality
 id : 244122 ISBN : 0373240775  | name : Live-in Mom  |  description : Live-In Mom by Laurie Paige released on Nov 22, 1996 is available now for purchase.
 id : 244125 ISBN : 0312870485  | name : Lost and Found  |  description : Thirteen acclaimed young adult authors share their own experiences in high school in a collection of original fiction designed to help young people deal with their own everyday experiences in a more meaningful way, with contributions from Tamora Pierce, Paul Zindel, Eleanora E. Tate, Rich Wallace, and Jon Scieska, among others. 25,000 first printing.
 id : 244128 ISBN : 0072302224  | name : Visual Literacy: Writing about Art  |  description : Publisher Description
 id : 244129 ISBN : 0192835149  | name : The Call of the Wild, White Fang, and Other Stories  |  description : The Call of the Wild brought him international acclaim when it was published in 1903. His story of the dog Buck, who learns to survive in the bleak Yukon wilderness, is viewed by many as his symbolic autobiography. 'No other popular writer of his time did any better writing than you will find in The Call of the Wild, ' said H.L. Mencken. 'Here, indeed, are all the elements of sound fiction.' White Fang (1906), which London conceived as a 'complete antithesis and companion piece to The Call of the Wild, ' is the tale of an abused wolf-dog tamed by exposure to civilization. Also included in this volume is 'To Build a Fire, ' a marvelously desolate short story set in the Klondike, but containing all the elements of a classic Greek tragedy.
 id : 244130 ISBN : 0575402660  | name : The Errol Flynn Novel  |  description : Charismatic film director Dan Ryan is planning to make ¿The Errol Flynn Movie¿ and Jake is the struggling actor he wants in the role of the famous swashbuckler and seducer. Initially dubious, Jake soon becomes immersed in the details of Flynn¿s life and realises they have more in common than he¿d care to admit. But as fascination veers towards obsession, Jake finds himself in a nightmare of epic proportions. Wildly funny, sexy and compelling The Errol Flynn Novel casts new light on one of Hollywood¿s most ambiguous icons.
 id : 244131 ISBN : 1566564859  | name : A Traveller's History of Paris  |  description : For many people, Paris is the epitome of the perfect city—beautiful, romantic, and imbued with vitality and culture. It is a wonderful place to visit and to live in. Packed with fact, anecdote, and insight, A Traveller’s History of Paris offers a complete history of Paris and the people who have shaped its destiny, from its earliest settlement as the Roman village of Lutetia Parisiorum with a few hundred inhabitants, to 20 centuries later when Paris is a city of well over two million—nearly one-fifth of the population of France. This handy paperback is fully indexed and includes a Chronology of Major Events, as well as sections on Notre-Dame and historic churches, Modernism, parks, bridges, cemeteries, museums and galleries, the Metro, and the environs. Illustrated with line drawings and historical maps, this is an invaluable book for all visitors to read and enjoy.
 id : 244132 ISBN : 8466300031  | name : Un asunto de honor  |  description : In a modern-day story of magic, romance, and peril, innocent sixteen-year-old Mara, who dreams of pirate adventures, is rescued from a bordello by her Prince Charming, Manolo. By the author of The Fencing Master and The Nautical Chart. (General Fiction)
 id : 244136 ISBN : 8420749443  | name : Cero a la izquierda  |  description : Luis Ramis descubre con perplejidad que para Héctor Serralada, un empollón que iba para abogado, al que no ve desde hace unos años, él ha sido y es su mejor amigo. Héctor se ha visto mezclado en un homicidio y todos creen que Ramis sabe su paradero. Luis comenzará la búsqueda de Héctor, que ahora ha cambiado de vida y es una especie de playboy que trabaja en una discoteca.
 id : 244143 ISBN : 0380634384  | name : I Would If I Could  |  description : "A pleasant, refreshingly down-to-earth story." —School Library Journal
 id : 244145 ISBN : 039920735X  | name : We Work with Horses  |  description : Describes a variety of jobs in the horse industry, including show rider, farrier, veterinarian assistant, jockey, and rodeo rider.
 id : 244147 ISBN : 0441545238  | name : A Multitude of Monsters  |  description : "A fun romp. The field needs more humorists of this caliber." (Robert Asprin) While seeking a cure for his malady of magicks, the suffering sorcerer Ebenezum and his hapless apprentice are rudely interrupted by militant monsters with a cause.
 id : 244148 ISBN : 030711466X  | name : A Monster Followed Me to School  |  description : When a little boy befriends a monster, it leads to unexpected events at school
 id : 244149 ISBN : 0840764642  | name : Call Me Al Raft  |  description : Al searches for his real father, half-fearing that finding him may change his life for worse.
 id : 244150 ISBN : 0689304757  | name : The Garden is Doing Fine  |  description : Corrie refuses to believe that her father is dying until she realizes that no matter what happens, a part of him will always live in her.
 id : 244151 ISBN : 0027438104  | name : The Case of the Condemned Cat  |  description : A cat accused of murdering a neighbor's pet dove is condemned to be sent to the pound. The McGurk Organization tries to save him.
 id : 244153 ISBN : 0893751049  | name : The Frog Prince  |  description : Angry at being forced to keep her promise to a frog, the princess finally resorts to violent action with unexpected results.
 id : 244154 ISBN : 0816705976  | name : The Baseball Bat  |  description : Bart Bat wants to join his animal friends on their baseball team, even though he usually sleeps during daylight hours when they are playing.
 id : 244155 ISBN : 0553279688  | name : Return of the Ninja  |  description : Left in charge of a Japanese martial arts school, readers must decide whether to become involved in an ancient family feud involving ninja warriors.
 id : 244156 ISBN : 0534203345  | name : Thinking for Yourself  |  description : Mayfield uses a skills-based approach, treating critical thinking as a skill. This approach involves reading texts, analyzing, exploring, synthesizing, and arguing about ideas. Accomplishing two purposes, this text teaches students to do college level writing and teaches critical thinking through writing...
 id : 244160 ISBN : 0534563961  | name : Modern Radio Production  |  description : This edition continues to provide a current, comprehensive look at radio production and programming, integrating new material on cutting-edge technologies with explanation of traditional equipment and practices.
 id : 244161 ISBN : 0849940281  | name : Pharaoh's Tomb  |  description : In a future world divided into the privileged Technocrats and the poor Plebots, Mok is taken from the slums of Old Newyork by the Committee to be part of an experiment in which the first test of his faith comes in ancient Egypt.
 id : 244162 ISBN : 0534400868  | name : Sustaining the Earth  |  description : In this 6th edition of SUSTAINING THE EARTH Miller has added an on-line Web-based resource, called the Resource Integration Guide. Updated quarterly with CNN Today video clips, animations, and articles from InfoTrac College Edition instructors will be able to seamlessly incorporate the most current news articles and up-to-the-minute research findings to support classroom instruction and text presentations. The content in the 6th edition of SUSTAINING THE EARTHby Tyler Miller is everything you have come to expect and more. Two new chapters on basic ecology (Chapters 3 and 4) have been added to this edition to enhance this science-based book. This text differs from Miller's comprehensive text, LIVING IN THE ENVIRONMENT, 13th Edition, because there is much less detail and more integration of topics, with a different chapter order. For example, the following topics have been integrated into single chapters: human population dynamics and urban problems are in Chapter 5, nonrenewable and renewable energy resources are in Chapter 6, terrestrial and aquatic biodiversity are in Chapter 7, water resources and water pollution are in Chapter 12, solid and hazardous waste are in Chapter 13, and environmental economics, politics, and worldviews are in Chapter 14. For the first time ever in a Miller textbook, students will receive a CD-ROM, entitled Interactive Concepts in Environmental Science. This groundbreaking addition integrates nearly 100 engaging animations and interactions with chapter summaries, flashcards, and Web-based quizzes. Organized by chapter, students will find links to relevant resources, narrated animations, interactive figures, and prompts to review material and test themselves. Miller has remained true to his hallmark features, such as high quality end-of-chapter questions, an orientation toward prevention rather than clean-up, an integration of Web resources and video, and a balanced presentation of controversial environmental issues.
 id : 244164 ISBN : 0321015851  | name : The Writer's Options  |  description : This classic writing guide uses sentence-combining exercises within theoretical context to teach readers how to master sophisticated sentence constructions and improve their writing style. Fresh, relevant and accessible examples and exercises are included in the updated edition.
 id : 244165 ISBN : 0072909498  | name : Plants and Society  |  description : This introductory, one quarter/one-semester text takes a multidisciplinary approach to studying the relationship between plants and people. The authors strive to stimulate interest in plant science and encourage students to further their studies in botany. Also, by exposing students to society's historical connection to plants, Levetin and McMahon hope to instill a greater appreciation for the botanical world. "Plants and Society" covers basic principles of botany with strong emphasis on the economic aspects and social implications of plants and fungi.
 id : 244166 ISBN : 0893754935  | name : Black Star Chronicles  |  description : Seven stories of the planet, Black Star.
 id : 244169 ISBN : 053452947X  | name : Literary Journalism  |  description : This first edition reader introduces students to 26 of our greatest literary journalists, from Ernie Pyle to Hunter S. Thompson. It is the most current and complete anthology of the best of literary journalism.
 id : 244170 ISBN : 0816742804  | name : Lost in Dino World  |  description : Brooke is thrilled to find a new friend on the Internet. He goes by the name "Lizard Boy," and he seems to know more about dinosaurs than anyone she's ever met. But when Brooke enters the Dino World chat room, she has a chance to meet the mysterious Lizard Boy at last. And now she's in for the surprise--and fright--of her life.
 id : 244171 ISBN : 0070168709  | name : Points of View  |  description : This is a comprehensive collection of articles which aims to give students a deeper appreciation of viewpoints different from their own and a clearer understanding of current issues on American government. The book contains at least two articles on each topic, which take alternative or opposing points of view and each pair of articles has a concise introduction. This edition includes articles on democracy, federalism, public opinion, voting, elections, political parties, the presidency, courts and affirmative action.
 id : 244173 ISBN : 0132410508  | name : Plug in  |  description : Describes how to find Internet and Web sources of information on individual groups, recording labels, MIDI technology, music instruction, audio editing and mixing, newsgroups, and the music business
 id : 244174 ISBN : 0061065560  | name : Wing Commander Junior Novelization  |  description : 600 Years in the Future the Battle for Earth is About to Begin... The egomaniacal alien Kilrathi have struck again, savaging a peaceful planet at the edge of space. And worse, they have captured a NAVCOM device that will lead them straight to Earth! Chris Blair and his pal Maniac are young cadets fresh from the Academy. Their first ship, the Tiger Claw, has an awesome mission: Recover the NAVCOM, and stop the Kilrathi at all costs. But Blair's fighting wing--Earth's last hope--is seething with internal strife. For somewhere among the thin red line of heroes a traitor lurks! Includes an 8 page full color photo insert.
 id : 244175 ISBN : 1568362854  | name : Inside the Oval Office  |  description : Inside the Oval Office is the result, a flesh-and-blood drama of the presidency in action.
 id : 244177 ISBN : 0534558399  | name : Critical Thinking  |  description : Featuring its own cast of characters, a personal and accessible tone, and carefully crafted in step-by-step units, this book sets a new standard of clarity for presenting the subject matter. Extensively class-tested, the text uses an enormous number of everyday examples and exercises to illuminate key points and ideas. It is the only text in philosophy in which students work with cartoons to convert the non-verbal into arguments and arrive at conceptual understanding. It is also the only text-workbook-instructor's manual system designed and constructed simultaneously to provide the most fully integrated learning and teaching system available.
 id : 244178 ISBN : 0070444226  | name : Adolescent Behavior and Society  |  description : A collection of both classical and contemporary articles, this anthology enhances students understanding of the needs and problems of adolescence. It includes original articles from Piaget, Elkind, Erikson, Kohlberg, Loevinger, Gilligan, and Lerner.
 id : 244179 ISBN : 0072500417  | name : Contemporary Advertising  |  description : Presenting advertising from a creative stand-point and using real-world examples, this text addresses the world of contemporary advertising. The text emphasizes the importance of Integrated Marketing Communications and how it impacts advertising strategy.
 id : 244180 ISBN : 0064471217  | name : Mick  |  description : Uneasy with the drunken violence and prejudice of his brother and others in his Irish neighborhood in Boston, Mick makes friends with a somewhat enigmatic Spanish-speaking loner at school.
 id : 244181 ISBN : 0373115563  | name : Wild Streak  |  description : Wild Streak by Kay Thorpe released on Mar 25, 1993 is available now for purchase.
 id : 244182 ISBN : 0373115571  | name : Taken by Storm  |  description : Taken By Storm by Sandra Field released on Mar 25, 1993 is available now for purchase.
 id : 244183 ISBN : 0679873309  | name : Stepsister from the Planet Weird  |  description : Although twelve-year-old Megan usually discounts her younger brother's outer space fantasies, she is not so certain that he is wrong when he suggests that the unusual man with whom their surfer mother has fallen in love and his seemingly perfect daughter are aliens.
 id : 244185 ISBN : 037311558X  | name : Dishonourable Proposal  |  description : Dishonourable Proposal by Jacqueline Baird released on Mar 25, 1993 is available now for purchase.
 id : 244186 ISBN : 0373115105  | name : That Midas Man  |  description : That Midas Man by Valerie Parv released on Sep 24, 1992 is available now for purchase.
 id : 244187 ISBN : 0373115601  | name : Sleeping Partners  |  description : Sleeping Partners by Charlotte Lamb released on Apr 23, 1993 is available now for purchase.
 id : 244189 ISBN : 0373115326  | name : Undercover Affair  |  description : Undercover Affair by Lilian Peake released on Dec 25, 1992 is available now for purchase.
 id : 244192 ISBN : 0373115881  | name : Savage Obsession  |  description : Savage Obsession by Diana Hamilton released on Jul 23, 1993 is available now for purchase.
 id : 244196 ISBN : 0590075195  | name : Up Day, Down Day  |  description : On a fishing trip, one friend catches fish, the other, a cold. There is an advantage for each--and then the tables turn again.
 id : 244197 ISBN : 1570640076  | name : Barney's Color Surprise  |  description : The big purple dinosaur paints a picture using all the colors of the rainbow. On board pages.
 id : 244198 ISBN : 0816724679  | name : The Baby-sitter's Guide  |  description : Provides tips on how to find jobs as a baby sitter and how to make the experience safe and enjoyable.
 id : 244199 ISBN : 0380704064  | name : Devil's Race  |  description : Sixteen-year-old John Proud is tormented by the ghost of an evil ancestor, with his own name and his own face, who was hanged in 1854 for being a demon.
 id : 244201 ISBN : 8439706073  | name : Desgracia  |  description : Sombriamente magnifica ... Una novela sobre la nueva Sudafrica, sobre cuestiones politicas y personales, que retrata una sociedad en un estado de metamorfosis violenta.Una historia dura, narrada con una prosa de una belleza sobria, acerada. Desgracia nos confirma que Coetzee es uno de los mejores novelistas vivos.El "Cfrica negra" de Coetzee es un territorio donde la luz del sol resplandece cegadora, un paisaje al cual quedan expuestos sin clemencia los presuntuosos y los necios.
 id : 244209 ISBN : 0671851993  | name : Toys of Glass  |  description : A thriller centred on the uncharted territory where contemporary science confronts a dark and unsettling future.
 id : 244210 ISBN : 0743459458  | name : Sunday's Silence  |  description : "Denied by his father, abandoned by his mother, Adam has been in flight from his past for twenty years--until he returns to investigate the possible murder of his father by one of the church members."--Jacket.
 id : 244211 ISBN : 0446323888  | name : Manshare  |  description : In order to write an article on the shortage of eligible men using her own idea of mansharing, Hanna, a magazine editor, turns to her friend Mahell, with a plan for sharing her own longtime lover not knowing that she is too vulnerable to handle it
 id : 244212 ISBN : 0441782132  | name : Starjacked!  |  description : When the starship Copernicus is hijacked by a conspiracy of outlaws and members of the Guards, Leo Blannon, a reporter, finds himself leader of a group trying to regain control of the ship
 id : 244213 ISBN : 0451455177  | name : Eggheads  |  description : Seeking the technology secrets of a vanished ancient race, poverty-born An dreams of fortune and independence before being betrayed by her employer and her lover and must escape deadly alien prospectors in order to survive. Original.
 id : 244214 ISBN : 0743435702  | name : Skylock  |  description : Trennt is a courier for what remains of the U.S. government. In the 21st century, solar convulsions and seismic upheavals occurred at the same time, causing global famine and toppling governments. Now he has been given the job of bringing samples back from an isolated secret project in Wyoming that has found a plant catalyst that can restore the United States and keep it from being divided and ruled by "neighbors." Original.
 id : 244215 ISBN : 9155435068  | name : The Aesthetics of Play  |  description : Based on Vygotsky's theory amongst others that play reflects different aspects of children's development and culture, this thesis explores in depth how aesthetic activities can influence children's play and the nature of the connections between play and culture, primarily in the aesthetic forms of drama and literature. The thesis also presents ideas on testing and developing models for an aesthetic pedagogy of play in preschool. Part 1 of the thesis presents the background and theoretical starting points of this didactic study, and includes discussions of the role of play in Swedish Preschools, the Froebel pedagogy, developmental theories of psychology and play pedagogy, as well as the different traditions of research into play and the need for an aesthetic approach. Part 2 discusses interpretations and analysis of different types of pedagogy, ideas in creating a play world for children, and examples of games that can reinforce children's sensitivity to role, dramatization, and aesthetics. Part 3, the conclusion, discusses the meaning of dramatic action in play, the roles of adults, play development in classes, and the linkage between play and children's culture. Results of a survey of child care workers in one Swedish municipality are appended. Contains 250 references. (MOK).
 id : 244216 ISBN : 8434886863  | name : La maldición del maestro  |  description : 2a parte de la trilogía "Crónicas de la Torre II" iniciada con "El valle de los lobos" y terminada con "La llamada de los muertos"
 id : 244219 ISBN : 0441239986  | name : First and Final Rites  |  description : Unless Cataia, rightful queen of Avriaten and priestess adept, can destroy ancient evil forces and unite her people with their neighbors, a terrible war of conquest--launched by the evil, power-hungry noble Bertham--is inevitable
 id : 244221 ISBN : 038524410X  | name : Azazel  |  description : The wishes of the demon Azazel always seem to go wrong in this collection of stories.
 id : 244223 ISBN : 0340570997  | name : Children of the Mist  |  description : 'Our race is royal,' is the proud claim of the MacGregors. Yet for all their history and fighting prowess, they are a small clan and their lands too close for comfort to the great Clan Campbell. By the end of the 16th century, the heritage of their new young chieftain, Alastair MacGregor, is a poisoned chalice indeed. Not only has much of their land been lost, but their principal threat is Black Duncan of the Cowl, Campbell of Glenorchy. Campbell is as clever as he is unscrupulous - and he has the ear of King James VI. 'Through his imaginative dialogue, he provides a voice for Scotland's heroes' Scotland on Sunday
 id : 244224 ISBN : 080410526x  | name : All I Really Need to Know I Learned in Kindergarten  |  description : A modern classic, and a phenomenal bestseller, this simple collection of thoughts and gentle opinion has struck a deep chord in readers all over the world. Observing our times in his unique way, Robert Fulghum has tapped into the community that we all share and tells us something about ourselves and how to be the best we are capable of. He reminds us to share, clean up our own mess, take a nap every afternoon, and to be aware of wonder. "Within simplicity lies the sublime." SAN FRANCISCO CHRONICLE "A healthy antidote to the horrors that pummel us in this dicey age." THE BALTIMORE SUN
 id : 244225 ISBN : 0380506254  | name : Yes is Better Than No  |  description : Focuses on the problems and experiences of a small group of Papago Indians who have left the reservation to live in a ghetto in Tucson, Arizona.
 id : 244226 ISBN : 0312423586  | name : The Great Fire  |  description : In the aftermath of World War II, young men and women living in Europe and Asia reconstruct their lives, including a soldier who learns that material goods and success are not enough, and a woman in Japan who tends to her dying brother.
 id : 244227 ISBN : 1875657746  | name : Melbourne  |  description : Pictures and descriptions of recent cultural artefacts and events in central Melbourne.
 id : 244228 ISBN : 1559349212  | name : Children Moving  |  description : New edition of a PE for children text. The authors discuss various instructional approaches, establishing an environment for learning, space awareness, skill themes from dance to striking with long-handled implements, and teaching children with special needs. Annotation c. by Book News, Inc., Portla
 id : 244229 ISBN : 1582342768  | name : Wifework  |  description : Combining her own personal experiences as a twice-married mother of three with extensive research and statistical evidence, the author examines the theoretical and evolutionary reasons behind marital inequity.
 id : 244232 ISBN : 0553232401  | name : Ghosts  |  description : When Detective Steve Carella, investigating two baffling murders, discovers that his major leads are coming from a beautiful psychic, he abandons standard police procedures for the eerie world of the occult
 id : 244236 ISBN : 1560540613  | name : Falling Star  |  description : After Julia Schuyler, a washed-up actress who planned to write a scandalous memoir of her notorious father, is found brutally murdered, Mici Anhalt calls on Julia's old theater connections and uncovers a variety of suspects
 id : 244237 ISBN : 0449205347  | name : Cop Without a Shield  |  description : Frustrated by police impotence and bureaucratic red tape and devastated by personal tragedy, Sergeant Norah Mulcahaney flees the city for tiny York Crossing, Pennsylvania, and finds herself embroiled in a case involving illegal aliens, kidnapping, and mur
 id : 244241 ISBN : 0425086631  | name : The Hard Riders  |  description : Rumor abounds about the remarkable speed and accuracy of Dusty Fog, the "Rio Hondo Gun Wizard," with his gun, in a Floating Outfit saga set against the harsh, untamed frontier of Texas
 id : 244244 ISBN : 0553248871  | name : Last Chance  |  description : Lovely Kelly O'Brien, journeying to Denver to seek a new life after the death of her father, and Civil War veteran Dan Sullivan encounter a host of perils as their stagecoach journeys through hostile Indian territory to Last Chance
 id : 244247 ISBN : 0448428539  | name : Max and Ruby's Busy Week  |  description : Spend a busy week with Max and his big sister Ruby.
 id : 244248 ISBN : 0671657437  | name : The Real Truth about Women and AIDS  |  description : Discusses the transmission of AIDS and provides guidance for women on protecting themselves from the disease
 id : 244249 ISBN : 0786889918  | name : The Low-Carb Cookbook  |  description : Supporting a growing nutritional movement that emphasizes a reduction in carbohydrate intake, the author of Great Food without Fuss, who herself lost sixty pounds on a low-carb diet, provides readers with all the detailed information they need to make the dietary switch.
 id : 244250 ISBN : 0061203424  | name : You and Me, Babe  |  description : "You and Me, Babe" was the New York Times best-seller that launched Chuck Barris's career as a top-selling author. But unlike his later books (Confessions of a Dangerous Mind, Bad Grass Never Dies), "You and Me, Babe" is the irresistible combination of a truly affecting love story motored by Barris's classic brand of unique humor. Set in 1960s New York City, the novel centers on Tommy, a blue-collar schemer, who sets out to marry Sammy, an opinionated but dysfunctional young heiress with enough smarts to stand up to his shenanigans, though not enough to see his true motives. Her parents, however, see all too clearly, and when Tommy and Sammy announce their intention to marry, the family disinherits their firebrand daughter. Not to worry: Tommy has fallen in love with Sammy in the meantime, and the couple's fortune and fame all on their own becomes the source for this winning, and ultimately moving, New York tale.
 id : 244254 ISBN : 0671705385  | name : Memory's Embrace  |  description : Linda Lael Miller's breathtakingly sensual novels have made her an outstanding seller in the romance arena. Now Memory's Embrace has been repackaged with a dazzling new cover with lavish foil treatments for the glorious "big book" look.
 id : 244255 ISBN : 0441081266  | name : Broken Idols  |  description : CIA agents Wallace and John Mahoney, father and son, race against time to find General Sir Robert Marshall and NATO's top-secret Genesis Files, also missing
 id : 244260 ISBN : 0553562215  | name : Beneath a Sapphire Sea  |  description : On a Greek island to study sea lore, Meredith comes into possession of a scroll that Galen, a rugged warrior of the sea, covets. Original.
 id : 244262 ISBN : 0156851008  | name : The Stones of the Abbey  |  description : Through the use of fiction, the author portrays the daily trials and triumphs of Guillaume Balz as he masterminded the construction of the Abbey of Le Thoronet in Provence
 id : 244267 ISBN : 1881273660  | name : "The World's Easiest Pocket Guide" to Buying Insurance  |  description : 'The World's Easiest Pocket Guide' brand is filling a vacuum in the bookselling marketplace with an introductory level series on subjects affecting important lifestyle issues. Each product features a highly recognizable author writing on topics of his or her expertise. Shortly after leaving home or college, most young adults are unprepared for making practical life decisions and planning for their futures. Leading financial expert Larry Burkett has created this practical pocket guide to help young adults make sound financial decisions from the start. Filled with bite-sized chunks of trustworthy advice, readers will be better equipped to choose the right first job or career.
 id : 244268 ISBN : 0664225144  | name : Turning to Jesus  |  description : Scot McKnight's careful study of Jesus' relationship with his followers reveals that elements of all three contemporary models of conversion--the personal decision, the sociological, and the liturgical--are present within the Gospel accounts. But because the Gospel narratives themselves are insufficiently explicit to support only one contemporary model of conversion, McKnight suggests that an enhanced reading of the Gospels should engender an appreciation for each of the models in the church today.
 id : 244269 ISBN : 0785247637  | name : Why So Many Gods?  |  description : Presents brief descriptions of over one hundred world religions, secular worldviews, cults, and occult practices from a Christian point-of-view, covering the basic beliefs, a short history, and examples in pop culture.
 id : 244270 ISBN : 1852427353  | name : The Crust on Its Uppers  |  description : First published in 1962, The Crust On Its Uppers, Derek Raymond's first novel (written when he was Robin Cook) is a gripping tale of class betrayal. With ruthless precision, and a great deal of humour, it brings vividly to life a London of spivs, crooked toffs and bent coppers.
 id : 244271 ISBN : 0670847895  | name : The Heather Blazing  |  description : A judge in Ireland's high court examines his relationships and his entirely rational existence and discovers how painfully disconnected he is from other human beings, in a novel by the author of The South. 10,000 first printing.
 id : 244272 ISBN : 0805010475  | name : Jacklight  |  description : Poems explore the nature of love, faith, and courage and portray the experiences of a wife in a small town
 id : 244274 ISBN : 1400077087  | name : Portuguese Irregular Verbs  |  description : Welcome to the insane and rarified world of Professor Dr. Moritz-Maria von Igelfeld of the Institute of Romance Philology. Von Igelfeld is engaged in a never-ending quest to win the respect he feels certain he is due—a quest which has the tendency to go hilariously astray. In Portuguese Irregular Verbs, Professor Dr von Igelfeld learns to play tennis, and forces a college chum to enter into a duel that results in a nipped nose. He also takes a field trip to Ireland where he becomes acquainted with the rich world of archaic Irishisms, and he develops an aching infatuation with a Dentist fatale. Along the way, he takes two ill-fated Italian sojourns, the first merely uncomfortable, the second definitely dangerous.
 id : 244275 ISBN : 0140286225  | name : The Rich and the Profane  |  description : Lovejoy's search for a missing painting and a missing friend -- Gesso the cat burglar -- takes him on a wild adventure to the Channel Islands. He hopes to keep a low profile by masquerading as an island local, Jonno Rant, the organizer of a summer show called "The Gamble of the Century". But that plan backfires when the local police start to keep tabs on him and the real Jonno Rant shows up. Can Lovejoy stay one step ahead of Rant and the police? Soon, just staying alive becomes a juggling act for the irrepressible Lovejoy.
 id : 244276 ISBN : 0676601707  | name : The Official 2002 Blackbook Price Guide to United States Postage Stamps  |  description : Illustrated: 96 pages of full-color illustrations make identification a snap. Includes all U.S. stamps: Revenues * stock transfers * hunting permit stamps *mint sheets *commemoratives *airmails *first-day covers *error stamps * oddities *and much more. Scott Nubering System: All stamps are listed according to this universally recognized number system used by everyone in the industry. Stamp Associations and Stamp Clubs: Find others who enjoy your hobby and share information on buying and selling stamps. Trust "the experts' Professional advice: Important tips on grading, buying, selling, storing, and caring for your collection.
 id : 244277 ISBN : 0553278843  | name : Rumors  |  description : Jealous of Susan Stewart's popularity, nasty Lila Fowler spreads vicious rumors about Susan's parents.
 id : 244278 ISBN : 0553274910  | name : Starting Over  |  description : Desperate to fit in after living in a series of foster homes, Sally Larson moves in with her cousin Dana's family and causes resentment at Sweet Valley High.
 id : 244283 ISBN : 0440206200  | name : Cherished  |  description : When her proud fiance puts a bounty on her head after she breaks her engagement to him, Juliana Montgomery finds herself on the run from Cole Rawdon, a notorious bounty hunter. Original.
 id : 244285 ISBN : 0747263108  | name : The Treason of the Ghosts  |  description : In the village of Melford, a local lord is executed for a spate of vicious murders. It's not until the killing begins again, and the dead lord's son alleges that a miscarriage of justice has taken place, that a serious investigation begins. Hugh Corbett realises that for the last five years a serial killer has terrorised the villagers and that when, not if, the next victim is chosen, he must be ready to act.
 id : 244286 ISBN : 2710324105  | name : Mémoires d'un jeune homme dérangé  |  description : «On réédite mon introuvable premier roman ? Zut ! Il va donc cesser d'être culte ?» Frédéric Beigbeder, joint par téléphone.
 id : 244287 ISBN : 055348463X  | name : Zero Hour  |  description : Preparing to thwart the evil Kurtz at any cost, fearless Ned Banks is stopped in his tracks when Kurtz kidnaps Ned's best friend, Roop Johnson, and threatens to have him space-erased. Original.
 id : 244288 ISBN : 0553483072  | name : Into the Zonk Zone!  |  description : Winning a planet-shaking battle against their arch-enemy Vorg, Time Surfers Ned, Roop, and Suzi fear for their lives when an enraged Vorg plots his revenge--to eliminate the Time Surfers forever. Original.
 id : 244290 ISBN : 0749916788  | name : Tiger Lily  |  description : A collection of over 100 recipes based on the flavours of Thailand, Indonesia, China, Malaysia and Sri Lanka. Chapters include menu ideas, starters (such as Simple Malay Satay), soups (like Sri Lanka Hodi, or coconut soup), rice breads and pancakes (such as Roti Djala), noodle dishes, meat, fish and seafood (Chinese Jewel Fish in Lemon Sauce), eggs, vegetables and sweets. All the recipes are spiced with anecdotes and descriptions of the countries from which the authors have drawn their inspiration.
 id : 244293 ISBN : 157344085X  | name : The Ultimate Guide to Strap-On Sex  |  description : A sex education instructor from Good Vibrations, a well-known sex toy store, explains how to choose and use strap-on sex aids. Illustrations.
 id : 244294 ISBN : 0002212080  | name : The Eagle Has Landed  |  description : Re-released on its 25th anniversary, this classic novel is widely considered to be Higgins' greatest work. Threatened on all sides, a desperate Adolph Hitler orders that Winston Churchill be kidnapped or killed. Meanwhile, a beautiful widow and IRA assassin have laid the groundwork for the most treacherous plot of the war, beginning when Berlin receives the message, "The eagle has landed".
 id : 244299 ISBN : 3442443520  | name : Sag jetzt nichts, Liebling  |  description : In Ungarn lernt die Fernsehjournalistin Therese den Kameramann Miklos kennen und lieben. Er ist der Mann, mit dem sie glücklich werden will.
 id : 244301 ISBN : 1559211563  | name : Kinfolk  |  description : Kinfolk is a richly human story, with humour and pathos as well as the larger emotions. Pearl Buck explores the conflict between traditional and progress in this novel of China.
 id : 244302 ISBN : 0764221531  | name : By the Light of a Thousand Stars  |  description : As Catherine Biddle's household unravels, she is drawn to the peace and joy her neighbors radiate-despite their outward disorderliness.
 id : 244303 ISBN : 1574410792  | name : A Place Called Sweet Shrub  |  description : It is 1915 in the sleepy hamlet of Sweet Shrub. Lucy Richards has a full and busy life. Then Lucy finds out that the town hides tensions and unrest that will result in tragedy.
 id : 244306 ISBN : 0312029276  | name : The Heart of the Continent  |  description : The daughter of a wealthy Australian landowner, Alix defies convention to train as a nurse on the rugged Queensland outback, where her daughter becomes a pilot in the flying doctor service on the eve of World War II
 id : 244307 ISBN : 0805074414  | name : Among the Gently Mad  |  description : Guide on book collecting, making use of the electronic tools now available and more proven methods of acquisition. Insights from the world's most notable collectors, dealers and librarians. Collecting strategies. Survey of some prices of antiquarian books.
 id : 244308 ISBN : 0811814238  | name : Day Trips  |  description : With over 28,000 copies sold, Peter Browning's perennially popular guide to Northern California's most scenic drives is now available in a completely revised, updated, and redesigned edition. Including 28 picturesque routes, each paced for a leisurely day away from the city, Day Trips is jam-packed with black-and-white photographs, handy maps, and fascinating historical information. Offering a terrific alternative to the crowds and traffic at most local tourist attractions, Day Trips is perfect for anyone seeking an adventure within easy reach of San Francisco.
 id : 244309 ISBN : 0373099843  | name : The Avenger  |  description : The Avenger by Diana Whitney released on Jul 25, 1995 is available now for purchase.
 id : 244313 ISBN : 0802448089  | name : The Palm Tree Manhunt  |  description : The Sugar Creek gang captures kidnappers and recovers stolen fortunes.
 id : 244315 ISBN : 0896595919  | name : The Black Leather Jacket  |  description : Traces the evolution of the black leather jacket, as both a symbol of teenage rebellion and as a fashion, from World War I to its adoption as the uniform of rebellion, to the present
 id : 244317 ISBN : 1591856132  | name : Shadowmancer  |  description : When Obadiah Demurral, the power-hungry Vicar of Thorpe, attempts to become a god by dabbling in magic, Raphah (who has come from Africa to get back the artifact stolen from his Temple and sold to Demurral) joins forces with Kate and Thomas to stop him.
 id : 244318 ISBN : 0764227033  | name : Together Is All We Need  |  description : Shenandoah Sisters Book 4, the sequel to The Color of Your Skin Ain't the Color of Your Heart. Two young women have kept their family plantation safe for more than a year, but now their dreams are coming to an end.
 id : 244319 ISBN : 1578565014  | name : Hold Tight the Thread  |  description : BASED ON A TRUE STORY In a land occupied by foreign powers and torn by confusion and conflict, a mother seeks to weave her family and her past into a fabric that will not tear. Their Lives Were Woven by Wars and Wilderness Places, and Tied by the Peace of Family and Faith. As the 1840s bring conflict to the Pacific Northwest’s rugged Columbia Country, new challenges face Marie Dorion Venier Toupin: the wife, mother, and Ioway Indian woman who crossed the Rocky Mountains with the Astor Expedition, the first big fur trapping expedition after Lewis and Clark’s. On French Prairie in the newly forming Oregon Territory, Marie strives to meet the needs of her conflict-ridden neighbors: British settlers and Americans, missionaries and disease-stricken natives, fur trappers and French Canadian farming families, and the surviving natives of the region. At the same time, as a mother, Marie must weave together the threads of an unraveling family. One daughter compares and judges as she seeks to find her place; another reaches for elusive evidence of her mother’s love. Marie’s memories are threatened with the emergence of a figure from the past. In the midst of this turmoil, Marie discovers an empowering spiritual truth: Unconditional love can shed light on even the darkest places in the heart.
 id : 244320 ISBN : 2020375427  | name : La Spinoza connection  |  description : Avec son amie homosexuelle Carolyn, toiletteuse pour chiens, Bernie Rhodenbarr, le bouquiniste toujours à court d'argent, projette de cambrioler la demeure du richissime Herbert Colcannon, lequel a décidé de s'absenter pendant quelques jours. Malheureusement pour Carolyn et Bernie, un autre cambrioleur est passé avant eux. Mais il n'a pas emporté une pièce de cinq cents qui vaudrait, si elle était authentique, une véritable fortune. L'est-elle ? Seul Abel Crowe, le fidèle receleur de Bernie, pourrait le dire, mais il n'a pas plus tôt l'objet entre les mains que meurtres et questions embarrassantes de la police, les ennuis commencent. Notre duo s'en sortira-t-il sans trop attenter à l'Ethique de Spinoza ? La réponse de Laurence Block - grand maître du policier américain et auteur de La Balade entre les tombes, le Diable t'attend, Tous les hommes morts, Tuons et créons, c'est l'heure, le Blues du libraire etc... vaut le détour dialectique.
 id : 244321 ISBN : 2253053546  | name : Eva Luna  |  description : Analyse : Roman d'amour. Roman de société.
 id : 244324 ISBN : 0521589282  | name : Letters to Alice on First Reading Jane Austen  |  description : Letters to Alice by Fay Weldon is one of the title's in the Cambridge Literature series. It is edited by Jenifer Smith.
 id : 244325 ISBN : 0814736696  | name : Let Them Eat Prozac  |  description : Exploring the history of SSRIs (selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors) from their early development to their latest marketing campaigns--and the controversies that surround them--"Let Them Eat Prozac" clearly demonstrates that the "cure" may be worse than the disease.
 id : 244326 ISBN : 1565123719  | name : My Therapist's Dog  |  description : A candid, funny and moving book that delves into humans' relationship with canines throughout history while at the same time telling a true story of how one dog brought two women--a patient and her therapist--together.
 id : 244328 ISBN : 0061002593  | name : Venetia  |  description : Bored with her sheltered existence, the spirited daughter of a Yorkshire landowner attempts to win the affections of Lord Damerel
 id : 244329 ISBN : 1877961124  | name : Louis L'Amour  |  description : Traces the life of the late Western writer, describes his early years as a laborer, and discusses the reasons for his success as a writer
 id : 244330 ISBN : 0553443577  | name : The Dragon and the Dove  |  description : Jessica Langston thought she was hired by a respectable, successful businessman. But Cooper Daniels is anything but--he's a bounty hunter who brings in modern-day pirates, and he wants Jessica to help him track down the most notorious tyrant in the South China Sea.
 id : 244331 ISBN : 0590683616  | name : Scholastic Phonics Reading Program  |  description : An early reading program using short books designed to help introduce letters and sounds.
 id : 244332 ISBN : 0590683608  | name : Go! Go! Go!.  |  description : An early reading program using short books designed to help introduce letters and sounds.
 id : 244333 ISBN : 0439548802  | name : The Fight to Survive  |  description : When Boba Fett is left alone in a dangerous galaxy, he must struggle for safety -- and vengenece -- using his strength, his intelligence, and his father's hard lessons.
 id : 244334 ISBN : 1850282633  | name : Rocks & Minerals of the World  |  description : Describes how rocks and minerals are made, where you can find them, and gives identification details.
 id : 244335 ISBN : 0761521364  | name : Setting Limits with Your Strong-willed Child  |  description : Now You Can Effectively Parent Your Strong-Willed Child Does your child constantly misbehave and ignore or refuse your requests for proper behavior? Is your relationship with your child based on conflict instead of mutual respect and cooperation? With the help of this groundbreaking book, you can create a positive, respectful, and rewarding relationship with your child. Inside are proven techniques and procedures that provide a refreshing alternative to the ineffective extremes of punishment and permissiveness. Parents and teachers alike will discover how to effectively motivate the strong-willed child and achieve proper conduct. You will learn how to: -Understand and empathize without giving in -Hold your ground without threatening -Remove daily power struggles between you and your child -Give clear, firm messages that your child understands and respects -And much more! "Eminently useful and readable! This book should be a part of every parent's and school's reference library." --Judy E. Hunt-Brown, principal, Elk Grove Unified School District "A grand book that teaches everybody in the family new skills and encourages more peaceful, socially acceptable lives at home, school, in the office, or in any social group." --Barbara O'Donnell, principal, St. Francis Elementary School "A highly recommended eye-opener; beautifully documented." --Stewart E. Teal, M.D., clinical professor of child psychiatry, University of California, Davis
 id : 244336 ISBN : 0440401747  | name : George Bush  |  description : A biography of a man who has served the United States in many capacities, most currently as the forty-first President.
 id : 244337 ISBN : 039951497X  | name : JFK for Beginners  |  description : Fully revised, JFK for Beginners provides a comprehensive look at the life and principles of one of the 20th century's great politicians. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 244338 ISBN : 0893756067  | name : The Red Badge of Courage  |  description : During his service in the Civil War a young Union soldier matures to manhood and finds peace of mind as he comes to grips with his conflicting emotions about war.
 id : 244339 ISBN : 0440413087  | name : Where are the Bears?  |  description : Two bear cubs spy on some campers and explore their tent while they are away.
 id : 244340 ISBN : 0312198256  | name : A/K/A  |  description : An intricate and daring novel centered on the identities that two women create for themselves. Margaret Smyth is an escort for women who assumes different names and identities for each of her clients while struggling to finish law school to ensure your future. BJ, a soap opera actress under the name Jill Willis, has a melodramatic personal life that rivals that of the charater she plays on television. Initially strangers, as their identities begin to unravel, these two women are drawn--to each other and to salvation.
 id : 244341 ISBN : 0679767762  | name : Secret Life  |  description : At the age of five, Michael Ryan was molested by a neighbor. Nearly 40 years later, he found himself methodically preparing to seduce a girl who was barely more than a child. As Ryan describes his free fall into sexual obsession, he creates an autobiography that is at once harrowing and redemptive, heartbreaking and profoundly moral. "By turns repelling and seductive . . . absorbing and disquieting."--New York Times Book Review.
 id : 244342 ISBN : 0862644119  | name : Greg's My Egg!  |  description : Wool wants a baby, but could he take care of one? Floppy doesn't think so, and suggests he try looking after an egg first, and so Greg is born.
 id : 244343 ISBN : 0862643457  | name : The Hungry Anteater  |  description : Anteater is so hungry he will try anyone's food but when the perfect meal is offered, he learns his host's tastes are not quite what he expected.
 id : 244344 ISBN : 0744568781  | name : The Tiger and the Jackal  |  description : Beginning reader/ shared reading. Support notes, follow up activities. 3-6 yrs.
 id : 244347 ISBN : 0575075368  | name : Dark Lord of Derkholm  |  description : Can the Wizard Derk and his family of human and griffin children save the world from the depradations of the evil Mr Chesney?
 id : 244348 ISBN : 0553293680  | name : Redeeming Love  |  description : Sold into a life of prostitution at a tender age, Angel has long since given up on love, but when Michael Hosea makes her his wife and sets up their home out west, Angel discovers a world of love and warmth
 id : 244349 ISBN : 006108414X  | name : Texas Lonesome  |  description : Emily von Plotz barely eked out a living giving advice to readers of the San Francisco Call as "Aunt Emily". Then she chanced to meet the man who had signed himself "Texas Lonesome"--the unpolished, but otherwise appealing fellow who'd sought her wisdom on how to find a decent woman to share his life and wealth. Emily knew who the perfect woman for him was--herself.
 id : 244350 ISBN : 0821772783  | name : A Bicycle Built for Two  |  description : Chicago-bred Kate Finney has few illusions about love. She knows handsome Alex English isn't looking to marry a girl who spends her nights telling fortunes and dancing the hootchy-kootchy at the World's Fair. And yet, she's never met anyone like Alex before. Kate knows she had better put him in his place before he melts her icy armor--and steals her heart.
 id : 244351 ISBN : 0739435310  | name : Never Enough  |  description : When conservative college professor Tracy McBride agrees to teach her sister's course on "intimacy" at an upstate New York resort, Tracy meets devastatingly sexy hotel manager Dave Markoff who shows her how to let go of her sexual inhibitions and succumb to her wildest fantasies.
 id : 244356 ISBN : 0451207785  | name : Love Don't Live Here Anymore  |  description : From the bestselling authors of "What Brothers Think, What Sistahs Know" comes the powerful fiction debut ("Booklist") about a young couple struggling to balance career and love.
 id : 244357 ISBN : 1583142495  | name : Home For Christmas  |  description : Multi-millionaire Jeffrey Hamilton finds that his life is missing Sheila Miller, the girl he left behind, and when he arrives in Philadelphia to win her love, painful memories resurface, and they wonder if it is too late for a second chance at love, but with a little holiday magic, all things are possible. Original.
 id : 244358 ISBN : 0671741047  | name : Hello, My Name is Scrambled Eggs  |  description : When his folks host a Vietnamese family that has come to settle in their town, Harvey enjoys Americanizing twelve-year-old Tuan.
 id : 244359 ISBN : 1841492574  | name : Code Noir  |  description : In this follow-up to "Nylon Angel," the Tert war is over and bodyguard Parrish Plessis has gotten a piece of the toxic pie. To pay off a blood debt, she must enter the slum town of Dis to find its missing shamans and to kill her former lover Daac. Original.
 id : 244360 ISBN : 038541739X  | name : The Golden Barbarian  |  description : A timeless novel of love and adventure set among the hot sands of an endless desert, here is the scintillating story of a fearless princess and a barbarian sheikh.
 id : 244361 ISBN : 084393414X  | name : Island Flame  |  description : Captain Jonathan Hale was a legendary pirate: daring, triumphant, free. When his crew attacked a ship carrying the exquisitely beautiful Lady Catherine Adley, Jonathan rescued the lady from his own men. Catherine was a lady outraged, a tigress in the captain's arms. But Jonathan's searing kisses kindled unfamiliar passions in his captive, a beauty of fire and ice who would conquer his body and soul. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 244364 ISBN : 0373164343  | name : Heat Lightning  |  description : Heat Lightning by Anne Stuart released on Feb 21, 1992 is available now for purchase.
 id : 244367 ISBN : 0373077815  | name : Nighthawk  |  description : A tragic miscarriage of justice leaves a Conrad County sheep farmer isolated from the rest of the community until one of his ewes devours a lovely artist's flower garden. Can these two lonely people trust the yearnings of their hearts? Reissue.
 id : 244368 ISBN : 0373809387  | name : Reckless Lover  |  description : "Danger lurked around every corner. Even the witness protection program couldn't hide Eden Kelley. When a dark and dangerous stranger blasted into her hideaway, she was imprisoned as much by the sorcery in his eyes as by the strength of his arms. But who was this man, and what did he want from her? Christian Tierney was a man with a mission. Two years ago, a mobster had ordered a hit on Eden Kelley, but Chris's wife, Catherine, had died in her place. Now Chris wanted vengeance, and he wanted justice. But did he want them more than he wanted to possess Eden?"--Page 4 of cover.
 id : 244369 ISBN : 0771099819  | name : Emily's Quest  |  description : Emily Starr reluctantly leaves New Moon Farm and attends school in Shrewsbury with the hope of fulfilling her dream of becoming a writer.
 id : 244370 ISBN : 0394896173  | name : Tree  |  description : Photographs and text explore the anatomy and life cycle of trees, examining the different kinds of bark, seeds, and leaves, the commercial processing of trees to make lumber, the creatures that live in trees, and other aspects.
 id : 244371 ISBN : 3442304172  | name : Polski Blues  |  description : Wehmütige und humorvolle Liebeserklärung des Autors an seine alte Heimat Polen und ein kleines weises Buch über die Kunst zu leben und das Leben zu lieben.
 id : 244372 ISBN : 0380887401  | name : The President's Daughter  |  description : Megan Powers struggles to adjust to her new life and to preserve family relationships when her mother becomes President of the United States.
 id : 244374 ISBN : 0064404382  | name : The Trading Game  |  description : What's So Special About Ace 459? Andy Harris's fabulous baseball card collection, left to him by his father, is the envy of every baseball fan in town. Still, Andy would rather play ball than collect cards. He's got a natural talent for the game, like his grandfather, pro ball player Jim Harris. And Jim Harris, Ace 459, is the one card Andy would give anything to own -- he'd even trade his priceless 1952 Micky Mantle card. Then Grandpa comes to town for a visit and offers to coach Andy's ragtag team. For the first time, Andy and his friends really look good, really feel like a team. But Grampa's rules for playing the game contradict everything Andy believes about friendship and good sportsmanship. And Andy begins to wonder if Ace 459 is such a hero after all.
 id : 244382 ISBN : 0307120821  | name : How to Fool Your Friends  |  description : Provides illustrated instructions for 46 tricks including the miraculous fountain, the edible candle, and the puffing jug.
 id : 244383 ISBN : 0385420781  | name : The Complete Stories  |  description : Collection of 48 science fiction stories by Isaac Asimov.
 id : 244386 ISBN : 0743221966  | name : Feng Shui Chic  |  description : Change Your Look, Change Your Life Feng shui master Carole Swann Meltzer and David Andrusia present feng shui in a new way: Instead of feng shui-ing the space around you, you feng shui your body. Learn how to use color, cut, fabric, and style -- even your accessories and hair color -- to: jump-start your career inspire your creativity ensure your health You'll also learn effective meditation techniques to gain focus in all that you do, plus easy exercises for greater energy than ever before. Feng Shui Chic will help you achieve your greatest goals...and prosper in every part of your life -- today, tomorrow, and in the time to come.
 id : 244388 ISBN : 0817454497  | name : The Photographer's Guide to Using Filters  |  description : Combining technique and creativity, this book remains the definitive source for data on the full range of filters and their applications with both color and black-and-white film.
 id : 244389 ISBN : 013073859X  | name : Betty Crocker's Microwave Cookbook  |  description : Everything you want and need in a microwave cookbook. One of the most beloved and trusted microwave cookbooks of all time, this comprehensive guide has now been fully revised to reflect the latest developments in microwaving and today's emphasis on healthy eating.
 id : 244391 ISBN : 0020198841  | name : Lee  |  description : "An abridgement by Richard Harwell of the Pulitzer Prize-winning 4-volume biography"--Cover.
 id : 244392 ISBN : 0385299397  | name : Childhood Rising  |  description : A planetary guide to family relationships examines each sign as a mother and a father, analyzes possible marriages between the sun signs, and discusses what the children of each marriage inherit psychologically and spiritually
 id : 244393 ISBN : 0788400622  | name : History of Allegheny County, Pennsylvania,  |  description : History of Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, Including its Early Settlement and Progress to the Present Time . A. Warner and Co. (1889), 2008, 5½x8½, paper, index 4 vols., 1548 pp
 id : 244394 ISBN : 0670397024  | name : In the Spirit of Crazy Horse  |  description : "A giant of a book. Indescribably touching, extraordinarily intelligent."-The Los Angeles Times Book Review. Matthiessen's chronicle of a fatal gun-battle between FBI agents and American Indian Movement activists in 1975.
 id : 244396 ISBN : 0916200094  | name : We, the People  |  description : An illustrated history of the United States Capitol building, with a view of the legislators at work.
 id : 244397 ISBN : 0671631314  | name : Simon & Schuster's Guide to House Plants  |  description : A guide to selecting the right plants for an indoor environment explains how and when to feed, repot, and prune house plants, how to protect them from pests and diseases, and the best ways to arrange and support them.
 id : 244398 ISBN : 0698206371  | name : Millions of Cats  |  description : How can an old man and his wife select one cat from a choice of millions and trillions?
 id : 244402 ISBN : 089587217X  | name : Touring North Carolina's Revolutionary War Sites  |  description : Author Daniel Barefoot offers 14 driving tours that cover 82 of North Carolina's 100 counties. From Brunswick Town, where the first armed, open resistance to British colonial rule occurred, to Guilford Courthouse, where Cornwallis lost a quarter of his troops, which eventually led to his surrender at Yorktown seven months later.
 id : 244404 ISBN : 0912627646  | name : Underground Railroad  |  description : This National Park Service handbook describes the many ways that blacks took to escape slavery in the southern United States before the Civil War. It includes stories of famous African American women, such as Harriet Tubman, who served in the Union Army as a nurse, spy, and scout and Sojourner Truth who helped recruit black troops for the Union Army.
 id : 244407 ISBN : 0850305527  | name : Moon Signs  |  description : Explains what the moon sign reveals about an individual's needs, attitudes, habits, and motivations, and shows how to determine one's moon sign
 id : 244408 ISBN : 0671432575  | name : The Writings of John Lennon  |  description : Gathers two collections of Lennon's drawings, poems, and short stories that make use of wordplay and nonsensical phrases
 id : 244409 ISBN : 093209001X  | name : Hypoglycemia  |  description : A revolutionary diet that successfully eliminates the syndrome of low blood sugar while improving your general health.
 id : 244410 ISBN : 1899874089  | name : A Wee Guide to William Wallace  |  description : A pocket-sized biograpy of Scotland's greatest hero.
 id : 244411 ISBN : 189987402X  | name : A Wee Guide to Robert the Bruce  |  description : An accessible, exciting, and entertaining guide to the life and times of Robert the Bruce.
 id : 244415 ISBN : 0393013804  | name : The Panda's Thumb  |  description : For better science students, this is a collection of 31 essays on natural history.
 id : 244416 ISBN : 0449909573  | name : Savages and Civilization  |  description : A “provocative [and] vivid” (Minneapolis Star Tribune) look at the primitive cultures that have given many gifts to the modern world, and how their very existence is now threatened “This book should serve as a ‘wake-up’ call to people everywhere.”—Library Journal In Indian Givers and Native Roots, renowned anthropologist Jack Weatherford explored the clash between Native American and European cultures. Now, in Savages and Civilization, Weatherford broadens his focus to examine how civilization threatens to obliterate unique tribal and ethnic cultures around the world—and in the process imperils its own existence. As Weatherford explains, the relationship between “civilized” and “savage” peoples through history has encompassed not only violence, but also a surprising degree of cooperation, mutual influence, trade, and intermarriage. But this relationship has now entered a critical stage everywhere in the world, as indigenous peoples fiercely resist the onslaught of a global civilization that will obliterate their identities. Savages and Civilization powerfully demonstrates that our survival as a species is based not on a choice between savages and civilization, but rather on a commitment to their vital coexistence.
 id : 244417 ISBN : 0446513970  | name : The Summer Queen  |  description : Moon Dawntrader, the Summer Queen, risks her husband, children, and kingdom when she tries to stop the slaughter of the mer.
 id : 244418 ISBN : 0345332601  | name : King Javan's Year  |  description : The power-hungry former regents of Gwynedd conspire to supplant Deryni sympathizer Prince Javan with a puppet monarch of their choosing
 id : 244419 ISBN : 0345332628  | name : The Bastard Prince  |  description : In the sequel to King Javan's Year, the evil, ambitious Regents once again control Gwynedd--and its king, Rhys Michael--after the death of King Javan, until Marek, heir to the last Deryni rulers, threatens their power.
 id : 244420 ISBN : 0806315431  | name : Evidence!  |  description : Evidence! provides a common ground upon which all can meet, speak the same language, and share their results--reliably ...
 id : 244421 ISBN : 0449900452  | name : Sixty Minute Gourmet  |  description : Gourmet recipes and menus that reach absolute perfection in a matter of minutes.
 id : 244422 ISBN : 0831780991  | name : Ansel Adams  |  description : A treasury of Ansel Adam's works as commissioned by the National Park Service in 1941 features more than 120 spectacular images including the Grand Canyon, Yellowstone, Yosemite, the Grand Tetons, and other magnificent wilderness areas.
 id : 244423 ISBN : 0786866756  | name : History of Britain, A - Volume I  |  description : Simon Schama's magesterial new book encompasses over 1,500 years of Britain's history, from the first Roman invasions to the early seventeenth century, and the extraordinary reign of Queen Elizabeth I. Schama, the author of the highly acclaimed Citizens and The Embarrassment of Riches, is one of the most popular and celebrated historians of our day, and in this magnificent work he brings history to dramatic life with a wealth of stories and vivid, colorful detail, reanimating familiar figures and events and drawing them skillfully into a powerful and compelling narrative. Schama's perspective moves from the birth of civilization to the Norman Conquest; through the religious wars and turbulance of the Middle Ages to the sovereignties of Henry II, Richard I and King John; through the outbreak of the Black Death, which destroyed nearly half of Europe's population, through the reign of Edward I and the growth of national identity in Wales and Scotland, to the intricate conflicts of the Tudors and the clash between Elizabeth I and Mary Queen of Scots. Driven by the drama of the stories themselves but exploring at the same time a network of interconnected themes--the formation of a nation state, the cyclical nature of power, the struggles between the oppressors and the oppressed--this is a superbly readable and illuminating account of a great nation, and its extraordinary history.
 id : 244427 ISBN : 1885378009  | name : A Guide to Biltmore Estate  |  description : Great book featuring the Biltmore Estate and Mansion. Over 90 color illustrations of the house, interior and exterior views, the gardens, historic views of the estate, period furnishings. Includes list of original objects and furnishings in the Biltmore Estate Collections. Softcover.
 id : 244428 ISBN : 1881649873  | name : The Young and the Restless  |  description : This title takes readers on a roller-coaster ride through 23 years of the unforgettable onscreen and behind-the-scenes events of the legendary daytime soap opera. Hundreds of never-before-seen photos recall the greatest love stories and most romantic weddings, the greatest rivalries, and the hottest storylines. 300 photos. Targeted coverage.
 id : 244429 ISBN : 0312022980  | name : Those of My Blood  |  description : A race of extraterrestrial vampires living in secret on Earth threaten the human race, and only one of these creatures, sympathetic to humans, has the power and will to save humanity
 id : 244431 ISBN : 0028633121  | name : Frommer's Great Outdoor Guide to New England  |  description : If you like to spend your free time outside, this four-season guide will get you there—whether you want an easy day hike, a hair-raising whitewater run, an unspoiled cross-country ski trail, or a secret swimming hole. Look inside for all the information you need to explore New England at its finest. Everything You Need to Enjoy the Outdoors: Evocative descriptions of hundreds of outings—with estimated times, difficulty ratings, and detailed directions The best outfitters, from major adventure-tour operators to local backcountry guides Where to find gear, services, and topo maps How to make the most of New England's beaches, natural areas, and ski resorts Where to pitch your tent, from accessible campsites to back-country spots—plus inns, B&Bs, and lodges Find us online at www.frommers.com
 id : 244433 ISBN : 0840734409  | name : Midnight  |  description : In her dark, shadowed room, Lillie Crow is tormented day and night by the hideous voice of Satan and by the cancer ravaging her body. Can a scrap of cloth and a tattered Bible discovered in ruins hundreds of miles away free Lillie forever from Satan's evil clutches? This tale is based on the Bible story of the woman who was healed when she touched Christ's garment.
 id : 244434 ISBN : 0785280405  | name : Jonathan's Journey  |  description : Born with severe handicaps, Jonathan awakens one night to be carried away by Jesus, who answers his questions and shows him the major events of the Bible
 id : 244438 ISBN : 1564402916  | name : The Hot Dog Cookbook  |  description : Recipes show how to stuff, batter, saute+a7, fondue, and do other fun and funny things to a wiener, together with a history of hot dog mania in America, frankfurter trivia, cartoons, and more. Original.
 id : 244439 ISBN : 0821749242  | name : Just Desserts  |  description : Finding herself in over her head with a case involving a politician's infidelities, chubby Detective Sergeant Savannah Reid is told that she must turn in her badge because she is overweight.
 id : 244441 ISBN : 0590412469  | name : The Taking of Mariasburg  |  description : When she inherits a large sum of money from the father that she never met, seventeen-year-old Maria decides to start a town that will be only for teenagers.
 id : 244442 ISBN : 0811835391  | name : Oopsy Daisy's Bad Bad Day  |  description : Join Oopsy Daisy on her bad bad day.
 id : 244443 ISBN : 0312450109  | name : Critique of Pure Reason  |  description : Following the text of the second edition (1877), with departures from that edition indicated in the notes, this text offers a straightforward English translation that does not sacrifice Kant's all-important meaning.
 id : 244446 ISBN : 0671568698  | name : An American Betty in Paris  |  description : When Cher flies to Paris to surprise her boyfriend Josh, as well as visit her cousins, she spots him with another girl on his arm.
 id : 244447 ISBN : 0316548774  | name : So Much to Tell You  |  description : Winner of Australia's Book of the Year Award. Set in Australia and written in the form of a diary, this is the tragic story of the effects of divorce and her parents' anger on a young woman's life. "Remarkable...few readers will come away from the portrait of Marina's ordeal unshaken. "--Publishers Weekly Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 244448 ISBN : 0440919185  | name : Dinah and the Green Fat Kingdom  |  description : A 12-year-old girl deals with problems of overweight and family relationships.
 id : 244449 ISBN : 0440219450  | name : It's Nothing to a Mountain  |  description : After the death of their parents, thirteen-year-old Lisette and her nine-year-old brother Riley go to live with their grandparents in the Blue Ridge mountains of Virginia where, along with facing their losses, they experience a series of adventures that bring new dimensions to their lives.
 id : 244450 ISBN : 015241357X  | name : Jumping the Nail  |  description : YA. The jumping place was called the Nail and it was ninety feet from the top of the cliff to the water below.
 id : 244451 ISBN : 0618015582  | name : The Pain Tree, and Other Teenage Angst-ridden Poetry  |  description : An illustrated collection of original poetry written by and for teenagers.
 id : 244452 ISBN : 1551090570  | name : The Complete Gardener's Almanac  |  description : Willison who grew up in Canada provides suggestions for monthly garden work in USDA zones 3-5, Canadian zones 3-6.
 id : 244454 ISBN : 0529054477  | name : The Terrible Nung Gwama  |  description : A retelling of the Chinese tale in which a poor young woman outwits the terrible monster, Nung Gwama, before he eats her.
 id : 244455 ISBN : 0590416014  | name : The Littles  |  description : The adventures of a tiny family who live within the walls of the Bigg's house. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 244456 ISBN : 0590320041  | name : The Littles Give a Party  |  description : Granny Little is depressed that she's turning 80, so the Littles decide to throw her a surprise party. With any luck, the party will be just what Granny needs to put a smile back on her face. Illustrations.
 id : 244458 ISBN : 1555832571  | name : Have You Ever?  |  description : 91 Questions to Help You Know Yourself and Others
 id : 244459 ISBN : 1401900119  | name : Long Goodbye  |  description : Looks at the 1987 right-to-die trial affecting the parents who wished to remove the feeding tube from their vegetative daughter, and examines the surrounding protests that held them in the courtroom for the next seven years.
 id : 244462 ISBN : 1558491805  | name : Respecting the Wicked Child  |  description : A guide to reconciling Jewish tradition and modern, secular identity
 id : 244463 ISBN : 1573223409  | name : Faith  |  description : In this beautifully written work, one of America's most beloved meditation teachers offers discerning wisdom on understanding faith as a healing quality. Through the teachings of Buddha and insight gained from her lifelong spiritual quest, Salzberg provides us with a road map for cultivating a feeling of peace that can be practiced by anyone of any tradition.
 id : 244465 ISBN : 1568211287  | name : Conversion to Judaism  |  description : Conversion to Judaism provides information, advice, and support for individuals contemplating conversion to Judaism, as well as those who have converted and the families affected by this decision. With sensitivity and compassion, Lawrence J. Epstein offers an informative volume that warmly welcomes the newcomer to Judaism.
 id : 244468 ISBN : 1558748202  | name : Converting to Judaism  |  description : Over the years, Rabbi Bernice Kimel Weiss has shepherded hundreds of non-Jewish students into the family of the Jewish people. For most, the interest in Judaism is sparked by a decision to marry a Jewish man or woman. But that is only the beginning. In the gentle hands of a teacher who has witnessed and understands their turmoil, their conflicts, their tears, they bare their personal struggles. What emerge are amazing, powerful, soul-stirring stories of re-creation - the extraordinary adventure of becoming a Jew at the turn of the 21st century. An Asian-American whose father owns a Japanese restaurant marries a secular Jew but leads him to Orthodox Judaism; a Belgian raised by nuns meets a Jew and finds her faith in Israel; a former Sunday school teacher from a small farm town falls in love with a Jewish girl and with her faith as well; an African-American woman lawyer, a Harvard graduate, discovers Judaism and keeps kosher in a small southern town: their varied stories and eight more are revealed in these pages. The twists and turns and the direction their lives ultimately take are a source of inspiration to those contemplating Judaism, and to all in search of faith. They are a gift to the Jewish people.
 id : 244469 ISBN : 1568389833  | name : Finding God When You Don't Believe in God  |  description : Presents a series of deeply personal interviews with people from different walks of life who found God when they didn't really want to and weren't even looking. Original.
 id : 244470 ISBN : 1864500581  | name : Romania & Moldova  |  description : Discover the Wild West of Eastern Europe, where untouched medieval villages, vampire legends, dramatic peaks and unspoiled forests await you. This guide helps you explore these diverse, culturally rich countries. 63 detailed regional, city and hiking maps; coverage of skiing, mountain biking, bear-watching and caving; accommodation options, from royal palaces to wilderness cabins; where to eat, drink and be entertained; practical Romanian language guide.
 id : 244472 ISBN : 0374524629  | name : Terrible Honesty  |  description : Terrible Honesty is the biography of a decade, a portrait of the soul of a generation - based on the lives and work of more than a hundred men and women. In a strikingly original interpretation that brings the Jazz Age to life in a wholly new way, Ann Douglas arugues that when, after World War I, the United States began to assume the economic and political leadership of the West, New York became the heart of a daring and accomplished historical transformation.
 id : 244474 ISBN : 1853261408  | name : Tales from Shakespeare  |  description : Includes Shakespeare's best-loved tales, comic and tragic, rewritten for a younger audience. This title contains the delightful pen-and-ink drawings of Arthur Rackham.
 id : 244477 ISBN : 0195071603  | name : The Final Revolution  |  description : A noted Catholic thinker says that the collapse of Communism resulted from a revolution of conscience--the human turn to God. Weigel provides an in-depth exploration of how the Catholic Church shaped the moral revolution inside the political revolution and draws on extensive interviews with key leaders of the human rights and resistance movements. 35 halftones.
 id : 244480 ISBN : 0425091538  | name : The Terror Network  |  description : This is an account of the international terrorism network as it existed in the 1970s.
 id : 244481 ISBN : 0312147244  | name : The Synergy Myth  |  description : The business genius who turned a few small corporations into the $22 billion industrial empire known as ITT shares his observations about what is wrong with American companies today and how every American citizen can help fix the problems.
 id : 244482 ISBN : 1569800553  | name : How Lawyers Screw Their Clients and what You Can Do about it  |  description : An indictment of the practice of gross billable hours among lawyers, which encourages them to accumulate as much hours as possible on a case, penalizing efficiency and competence, offers ideas for protecting oneself against it. IP.
 id : 244484 ISBN : 082176280X  | name : The Baby Bargain  |  description : Fabric designer Caitlin Adam's fling with the sexy Andrew Sinclair has her dreaming of a future with him, until she discovers Andrew has lied to her about their chance encounter. A year later, only her baby's face is a reminder of the man she is still trying to forget. Then he storms back into her life determined to be a father to their child--and the love of Caitlin's life.
 id : 244486 ISBN : 0373218249  | name : The Shadow of Time  |  description : This emotion-filled romance by the "New York Times" bestselling author follows an estranged couple who are reunited after many years and, together with their daughter, work to become a family. Reissue.
 id : 244487 ISBN : 0786901659  | name : Daughter of the Drow  |  description : Longing for travel and adventure, free-spirited elf priestess Liriel Baenre sets aside her duties in Menzoberranzan when she discovers a way to bring magic to the surface world and impulsively begins a hazardous quest. 50,000 first printing.
 id : 244489 ISBN : 1400041007  | name : Tibet, Tibet  |  description : An account of the history and current predicament of Tibet describes the fall of its culture to the forces of Mao after centuries of survival, the impact of the Dalai Lama's role, and its prospects in light of current capabilities.
 id : 244490 ISBN : 0804834326  | name : Traditions  |  description : The goals of the budo—the martial arts and Ways of Japan—lie in refining the body and spirit. The techniques, methods, and rituals of the budo can provide invaluable lessons for today's martial artists—and serve as guides to a well-lived life. In Traditions, Davy Lowry discusses unique aspects of the budo ranging from hacho, or deliberate asymmetry, to uke-waza, the art of "receiving" an attack. The spirit of ryomi, the process of self-evaluation and improvement, is illustrated through the story of Kaofujita, a master swordsman who never stopped practicing the first movement he learned. You'll also learn the importance of yuyo, the distance where an attacker must focus his strike, from the story of Jubei, whose mastery of yuyo saved him in a life-and-death encounter, and the significance of shikaku—, the dead zone, on maintaining balance in combat and in life. With its focus on traditional Japanese martial arts, and fascinating stories that illustrate key principles and martial arts philosophy,Traditions will be required reading for serious martial artists.
 id : 244491 ISBN : 0007107900  | name : The Street Bible  |  description : An engaging new translation of the Bible into the language of the city. Rob Lacey reworks the metaphors, situations, and speech patterns of the Bible to create a real impact on the modern, urban reader.
 id : 244493 ISBN : 0960945245  | name : Cross Country Skiing in Yosemite  |  description : Trips described include groomed trails, backcountry peaks, and Tuolumne expeditions.
 id : 244494 ISBN : 0385729081  | name : Up Molasses Mountain  |  description : ""I couldn't imagine a life where I couldn't come up on the hill to get away." In 1953, Clay, West Virginia, is a mining town where families have known each other for generations, and the biggest excitement of the year is when the circus comes to town. But that spring, a strike divides Clay and causes a tragic accident that changes 15-year-old Elizabeth's life in an instant. The accident sends Elizabeth to the hills in search of comfort. There she befriends Clarence, a high school outcast who has a rare and special animal hidden in the woods. As they care for his pet, they create a fragile refuge from the violence that is building all around them, and within their own families.
 id : 244495 ISBN : 1586481177  | name : Horse of a Different Color  |  description : The former editor of the Chicago Tribune tells the story of his entry into the world of thoroughbred breeding, profiles Kentucky's racehorse culture, and chronicles his successful breeding of Monarchos, the 2001 Kentucky Derby winner.
 id : 244496 ISBN : 0312194420  | name : M.F.K. Fisher and Me  |  description : In a heart-warming story of author Jeannette Ferrary's relationship with the famous and charismatic M.F.K Fisher, the author takes readers behind the persona of the woman who revolutionized the way American's think about food.
 id : 244497 ISBN : 1883285186  | name : Modern Art  |  description : The ailing widow of a famous American painter protects her husband's public memory even as she lies dying. A first novel.
 id : 244498 ISBN : 0446526835  | name : Counting Coup  |  description : Profiles a Montana high-school girls' basketball team--made up of Crow Indian and white girls from a rural town--that carries on its shoulders the dreams and hopes of a Native American tribe during their winning season.
 id : 244499 ISBN : 0446673811  | name : Been There, Haven't Done That  |  description : Looks at romance in the modern world, examines the meaning of virginity, and what it is like to be intercourse-free in a sex-obsessed world
 id : 244500 ISBN : 0061014931  | name : The Picture Book  |  description : The Picture Book is a tender and poignant tale of a daughter's search for love and identity and the healing nature of forgiveness.
 id : 244501 ISBN : 0595225527  | name : Going Down in Asia  |  description : Turns in Life is a sarcastic account of 16 stimulating days through SE Asia, along with over 45 short stories covering topics such as a father's Olympic disaster, the 'hard times' of puberty, and finding a soul mate at a shopping mall. During their brisk adventures through Japan, Thailand, and Singapore, Jon and Alex learned many valuable lessons including why village women wear shorter dresses, how to ruin precious film during a morning train ride, and how to stay composed during a 'special' massage. You'll also discover why you may want to sleep with an ironing-board on your next business trip, how to spread the common cold at church, and who ranked as the top 25 undesirable women of all time. Turns in Life is a must read for curious travelers.
 id : 244504 ISBN : 0140424261  | name : Paradise Lost  |  description : Concerns the Christian story of the Fall of Man: the temptation of Adam and Eve by the fallen angel Satan and their expulsion from the Garden of Eden. Milton's purpose, stated in Book I, is to "justify the ways of God to men" and elucidate the conflict between God's eternal foresight and fre e will.
 id : 244505 ISBN : 0451527003  | name : Euripides  |  description : A modern translation exclusive to signet From perhaps the greatest of the ancient Greek playwrights comes this collection of plays, including Alcestis, Hippolytus, Ion, Electra, Iphigenia at Aulis, Iphigenia Among the Taurians, Medea, The Bacchae, The Trojan Women, and The Cyclops.
 id : 244506 ISBN : 0553263668  | name : The Actor's Scenebook  |  description : Here is wonderful, up-to-date material for scene study, selected from the best plays from recent theater seasons. More than 20 monologues for both men and women, carefully chosen to display the widest range of dramatic ability, are essential for auditioning actors. A large selection of parts for woman provide exciting opportunities to sharpen acting skills in roles that brought accolades from New York's toughest critics. More than 80 scenes in all, many previously unpublished, allow every actor, professional, amateur or student, to choose from either smart, sassy, often outrageous comedy or deeply moving drama—a unique, balanced collection of the most successful contemporary plays.
 id : 244507 ISBN : 0452276853  | name : 101 Ways to Flirt  |  description : Since the publication of her groundbreaking book How to Attract Anyone, Anytime, Anyplace, love guru Susan Rabin has heard from hundreds of people who have used her innovative flirting techniques to enhance their lives. In this delightfully instructive guide, she draws on their fascinating front-line experiences, as well as her own professional expertise as a therapist, communications consultant, coach, lecturer, and writer to provide 101 foolproof techniques for meeting people. Included are: • Great opening lines that aren't dependent on the weather • The Master Flirt's top twenty all-time best places to flirt • Techniques that allow you to make the most of "chance encounters" • Flirting devices that always work • Unabashedly outrageous, over-the-top flirting strategies that attract attention • How to tell if he or she is sending you a nonverbal invitation • Flattery that gets you somewhere - and much more
 id : 244509 ISBN : 8433969757  | name : Expiación  |  description : La obra maestra de Ian McEwan, una brillante y atrayente novela de amor y guerra Un libro prodigioso que va abriéndose como un juego de cajas chinas y que contiene muchas novelas: una romántica historia de amor imposible, una durísima narración de guerra y la novela que dentro de la novela escribe uno de los personajes. Una mirada crítica sobre los usos y costumbres británicos -y por extrapolación occidental- durante todo Il novecento.
 id : 244510 ISBN : 067974780X  | name : Imperium  |  description : The Polish journalist whose The Soccer War and The Emperor are counted as classics of contemporary reportage now bears witness in Imperium to the disintegration of the Soviet Union. This magisterial book combines childhood memory with unblinking journalism, a radar for the truth with a keen appreciation of the absurd. Imperium begins with Ryszard Kapuscinski's account of the Soviet occupation of his town in eastern Poland in 1939. It culminates fifty years later, with a forty-thousand-mile journey that takes him from the haunted corridors of the Kremlin to the abandoned gulag of Kolyma, from a miners' strike in the arctic circle to a panic-stricken bus ride through the war-torn Caucasus. Out of passivity and paranoia, ethnic hatred and religious fanaticism that have riven two generations of Eastern Europeans, Kapuscinski has composed a symphony for a collapsing empire—a work that translates history into the hopes and sufferings of the human beings condemned to live it.
 id : 244512 ISBN : 0805069801  | name : Queenan Country  |  description : A Reluctant anglophile's pilgrimage to the mother country.
 id : 244513 ISBN : 0452285216  | name : Lies  |  description : The #1 New York Times bestseller by Senator Al Franken, author of Giant of the Senate Al Franken, one of our “savviest satirists” (People), has been studying the rhetoric of the Right. He has listened to their cries of “slander,” “bias,” and even “treason.” He has examined the GOP's policies of squandering our surplus, ravaging the environment, and alienating the rest of the world. He’s even watched Fox News. A lot. And, in this fair and balanced report, Al bravely and candidly exposes them all for what they are: liars. Lying, lying liars. Al destroys the liberal media bias myth by doing what his targets seem incapable of: getting his facts straight. Using the Right’s own words against them, he takes on the pundits, the politicians, and the issues, in the most talked about book of the year. Timely, provocative, unfailingly honest, and always funny, Lies sticks it to the most right-wing administration in memory, and to the right-wing media hacks who do its bidding.
 id : 244515 ISBN : 3257008422  | name : Flix  |  description : Skandal in der Katzenstadt: Die Katzeneltern Theo und Flora Krall bekommen ein Hundebaby. Obwohl sich Flix zu einem fröhlichen und gutherzigen Jungen entwickelt, will in Katzenstadt niemand etwas mit ihm zu tun haben. - Eine vielschichtige Geschichte über Toleranz - nicht nur für Kinder. (Quelle: Das Buch für Dich 98/99).
 id : 244517 ISBN : 1401600190  | name : Genealogy 101  |  description : A recent Maritz Poll reported that 60% of Americans are interested in their family history. And with good reason. Through genealogy, you can go back into history to meet people who have had more influence on your life than any others -- your ancestors. And the better you get to know your ancestors, the better you will get to know yourself: the who's and what's and why's of you. Barbara Renick, a nationally-known lecturer on genealogy, tells the uninitiated researcher the steps needed to find out who their ancestors really were, and brings together for even the more experienced genealogical researchers the important principles and practices. She covers such topics as the importance of staying organized and how to go about it; where and how to look for information in libraries, historical societies, and on the internet; recognizing that just because something is in print doesn't mean it's right; and how to prepare to visit the home where your ancestors lived. Genealogy 101 is the first book to read when you want to discover who your ancestors were, where they lived, and what they did.
 id : 244518 ISBN : 1579548490  | name : Joey Green's Incredible Country Store  |  description : To wander through the pages of Joey Green's Incredible Country Store is to experience the innocence and warmth of a bygone era. In this treasury of tips, recipes, and make-it-yourself concoctions, you will discover which country-store gadgets and gizmos have stood the test of time-and which are now collectors' items. You'll find recipes for homemade soaps, candles, perfumes, elixirs, and candies; directions on how to make those wonderful old wooden toys; and illustrations of those confounding brainteaser puzzles from the Ozarks. Some other treats that await you include: - Secret formulas for old-time, brand-name products you can make at home-for just pennies. Make your own Chanel No. 5, Chap Stick, Play-Dough, Tiger Balm, and more - The history, lore, and strange facts behind famous country-store brands and the stores themselves - Dozens of Joey Green's trademark wacky facts thrown in for good measure--Did you know that Melanie's pregnancy in Gone with the Wind, when calculated by the dates of the Civil War battles mentioned, lasted 21 months? That collectors value some old Cracker Jack prizes as high as $7,000? That originally the cream filling in Oreo cookies was made with pork lard? Crammed with vintage advertisements and 357 photographs of curiosities from the past, Joey Green's Incredible Country Store has irresistible retro appeal-and makes a great gift!
 id : 244520 ISBN : 044841712X  | name : Mana's Story  |  description : Mana and the other Kin, a band of people living in prehistoric times, search for food on the edge of a great marsh and fight a new enemy, the dangerous killers whom they name the demon men.
 id : 244522 ISBN : 0439560497  | name : Wizard Or Witch?  |  description : Eric and his friends are summoned to help Keeah save Jaffa City from an invasion by Lord Sparr and his creatures from the Dark Lands.
 id : 244523 ISBN : 0439560489  | name : The Isle of Mists  |  description : Now that the evil Lord Sparr has gotten all of the Three Powers, he travels to the mysterious Isle of Mists to set off his plot to seize Droon, and it is up to Eric, Julie, and Neal--along with the enigmatic Princess Salamandra--to stop him.
 id : 244525 ISBN : 0789441675  | name : American College of Physicians Home Medical Guide to Common Allergies  |  description : This book includes: an explanation of the causes of allergies; symptoms of the common allergic disorders; conventional treatments and complementary therapies; self-help strategies for people with allergies; and useful addresses and online sites.
 id : 244526 ISBN : 0789441624  | name : Asthma  |  description : The ACP Home Medical Guides provide concise information on a wide range of health and medical topics. Fully veiled by the American College of Physicians-American Society of Internal Medicine (ACP-ASIM), each book covers a single topic or disease, providing clear and concise information in a highly accessible format. All are completely up-to-date, with the latest advances in diagnosis, treatment, self-help, and preventive measures, and are illustrated throughout with over 75 photographs, diagrams, and charts. The series is being launched with 14 titles; future topics will include a wide range of medical and general health topics ranging from depression and arthritis to menopause and nutrition.
 id : 244527 ISBN : 0671748076  | name : Mr. Clemens and Mark Twain  |  description : Mark Twain, the American comic genius who portrayed, named, and in part exemplified America’s “Gilded Age,” comes alive in Justin Kaplan’s extraordinary biography. With brilliant immediacy, Mr. Clemens and Mark Twain brings to life a towering literary figure whose dual persona symbolized the emerging American conflict between down-to-earth morality and freewheeling ambition. As Mark Twain, he was the Mississippi riverboat pilot, the satirist with a fiery hatred of pretension, and the author of such classics as Tom Sawyer andHuckleberry Finn. As Mr. Clemens, he was the star who married an heiress, built a palatial estate, threw away fortunes on harebrained financial schemes, and lived the extravagant life that Mark Twain despised. Kaplan effectively portrays the triumphant-tragic man whose achievements and failures, laughter and anger, reflect a crucial generation in our past as well as his own dark, divided, and remarkably contemporary spirit. Mr. Clemens and Mark Twain brilliantly conveys this towering literary figure who was himself a symbol of the peculiarly American conflict between moral scrutiny and the drive to succeed. Mr. Clemens lived the Gilded Life that Mark Twain despised. The merging and fragmenting of these and other identities, as the biography unfolds, results in a magnificent projection of the whole man; the great comic spirit; and the exuberant, tragic human being, who, his friend William Dean Howells said, was “sole, incomparable, the Lincoln of our literature.”
 id : 244529 ISBN : 0528833510  | name : Traveler's World Atlas and Guide  |  description : Designed for the world traveler, this compact atlas plus guide packs country maps, city maps and supplementary charts in a convenient portable size. Contains more than 200 country profiles, hotel and restaurant listings, and toll-free numbers.
 id : 244530 ISBN : 0307244903  | name : Birds  |  description : This guide will help you identify -- quickly and easily -- the birds you are most likely to see. It tells you: -- What to look for-- Where and when to look-- How to attract birds
 id : 244531 ISBN : 0307244954  | name : Reptiles and Amphibians  |  description : Describes 212 species of turtles, snakes, frogs, salamanders and their relatives.
 id : 244532 ISBN : 0670304654  | name : The Facts of Life  |  description : Six accurately detailed, movable three-dimensional models and dozens of instructive drawings accompany a text that explains the process of human reproduction from the moment of conception through birth
 id : 244534 ISBN : 0761502483  | name : Branson with Kids  |  description : Reviews the best shows in Branson, suggests kid-friendly accomodations and restaurants, and provides information on local activities
 id : 244535 ISBN : 0439560403  | name : In the Ice Caves of Krog  |  description : As Eric's magical powers grow, he and his friends are called to Droon to defeat Krog, a snowy beast who lives in the icy caves of Droon.
 id : 244537 ISBN : 8420435244  | name : James y El Melocoton Gigante/James and the Giant Peach  |  description : James is desperately unhappy with his aunts until a magic potion changes his life.
 id : 244539 ISBN : 0590335596  | name : Seventeen And-In-Between  |  description : At seventeen, Elsie Edwards, once the fat girl of fifth grade, later slender but insecure in ninth grade, now has boyfriend problems that once would have seemed too good to be true.
 id : 244542 ISBN : 0688042686  | name : Barbarossa  |  description : On June 22, 1941, before dawn, German tanks and guns began firing across the Russian border. It was the beginning of Hitler's Operation Barbarossa, one of the most brutal campaigns in the history of warfare. Four years later, the victorious Red Army has suffered a loss of seven million lives. Alan Clark's incisive analysis succeeds in explaining how a fighting force that in one two-month period lost two million men was nevertheless able to rally to defeat the Wehrmacht. The Barbarossa campaign included some of the greatest episodes in military history: the futile attack on Moscow in the winter of 1941-42, the siege of Stalingrad, the great Russian offensive beginning in 1944 that would lead the Red Army to the historic meeting with the Americans at the Elbe and on to victory in Berlin. Barbarossa is a classic of miltary history. This paperback edition contains a new preface by the author.
 id : 244543 ISBN : 0828904006  | name : Accordion Man  |  description : This account of the popular musician's life and career follows him from his boyhood on a farm in South Dakota, through his service for the U.S.O., to thirty-one years as a performer with Lawrence Welk
 id : 244544 ISBN : 0312058896  | name : Leading Lady  |  description : Chelsea Hunter--the daughter of Hollywood superstar Bunny Thomas--tries to hold onto her budding career, her lover, and her sense of identity despite the machinations of her manipulative grandmother, Laverne, whose stage-mother scheming years before had made Bunny a star.
 id : 244545 ISBN : 1561792519  | name : LifeMapping  |  description : For Ingest Only - Data needs to be cleaned up for all products being loaded
 id : 244547 ISBN : 0671692984  | name : Prized Possessions  |  description : This story of a young woman's rape and its effect on her family takes place in the world of Manhattan's upper middle class, tracing Elizabeth Mason's recovery, her parent's pain and guilt, and the family's gradual transformation
 id : 244548 ISBN : 2070385779  | name : Cronopes et fameux  |  description : Savez-vous lire l'heure en effeuillant un artichaut ? Tuer les fourmis à Rome ? Monter un escalier en connaissance de cause ? Poser correctement un tigre ? Vous faut-il des instructions pour pleurer ? Pour avoir peur comme il faut ? Vous arrive-t-il de jeter les timbres-poste que vous trouvez laids ? De tremper un toast dans vos larmes naturelles ? Avez-vous parfois envie de dessiner sur le dos d'une tortue une hirondelle ? Si vous répondez " oui " à six de ces questions vous êtes un Cronope, un de ces êtres qui font, depuis quinze ans, carrière en Amérique latine : on dit -on écrit même dans la presse- que Monsieur X ou Y est ou n'est pas un Cronope authentique. Cela suffit pour que le lecteur sache à qui il a affaire. Dans le cas contraire, vous risquez d'être un de ces Fameux qui conservent leurs souvenirs enveloppés dans un drap noir : pour votre tranquillité, mieux vaut s'abstenir de lire ce livre. Publiées en Argentine en 1962, ces histoires sont le miroir du regard intime de Julio Cortàzar. Elles lui ont même valu un siège au Collège de Pataphysique. Précédant les grands romans et les nouvelles fantastiques qui ont fait sa réputation en France, ces mini-textes éclairent le comportement de tant de personnages farfelus et graves qui sont les protagonistes des œuvres maîtresses de Cortàzar.
 id : 244550 ISBN : 0967027314  | name : Color Her Dead  |  description : Susan Chase, a Myrtle Beach lifeguard who looks for runaways on the side, searches for a missing woman.
 id : 244551 ISBN : 0471615471  | name : Is Your "Net" Working?  |  description : Is Your "Net" Working? A Complete Guide to Building Contacts and Career Visibility "This book is a masterpiece on networking. If you plan to stay in business, you can't afford to be without this wonderful information." --Cavett Robert, CPAE, Chairman Emeritus, National Speakers Association, and President of Think People "The purpose of business is building profitable relationships. This book gives the specific steps necessary to build a powerful network of contacts and business friends. It is a must for any success-oriented person." --Jim Cathcart, CPAE, author of Relationship Selling "A must for anyone wanting to build their personal effectiveness and career options." --Wendy Rue, Founder and past President, National Association of Female Executives "A practical, realistic look at the value of networking and how it can tremendously help a person's career." --Dave Nightingale, Vice President of Product Development, Nightingale/Conant Corporation "Anne Boe is a first lady of networking. This book shows you how to make networking easy, profitable, and fun." --Mark Victor Hansen, Chairman of Look Who's Talking
 id : 244553 ISBN : 0525941517  | name : Mrs. Malory and the Only Good Lawyer  |  description : "A mystery featuring Mrs. Sheila Malory".
 id : 244555 ISBN : 0060928077  | name : Integrity  |  description : Why do we care more about winning than about playing by the rules? Integrity - all of us are in favor of it, but nobody seems to know how to make sure that we get it. From presidential candidates to crusading journalists to the lords of collegiate sports, everybody promises to deliver integrity, yet all too often, the promises go unfulfilled. Stephen Carter examines why the virtue of integrity holds such sway over the American political imagination. By weaving together insights from philosophy, theology, history and law, along with examples drawn from current events and a dose of personal experience, Carter offers a vision of integrity that has implications for everything from marriage and politics to professional football. He discusses the difficulties involved in trying to legislate integrity as well as the possibilities for teaching it. As the Cleveland Plain Dealer said, "In a measured and sensible voice, Carter attempts to document some of the paradoxes and pathologies that result from pervasive ethical realism... If the modern drift into relativism has left us in a cultural and political morass, Carter suggests that the assumption of personal integrity is the way out."
 id : 244557 ISBN : 0671205714  | name : From Those Wonderful Folks who Gave You Pearl Harbor  |  description : "This is the story of what Madison Avenue was really like in the '60s"--P. [4] of cover.
 id : 244561 ISBN : 0940235013  | name : The Macintosh Bible  |  description : With more than 85,000 copies of the first edition in print, this best-selling general book on the Mac has been completely revised and updated. The second edition is 759 pages with 500+ pages of new information plus rave reviews from dozens of publications including the New York Times.
 id : 244563 ISBN : 1556616694  | name : The Messenger  |  description : A delightful parable of unexpected encounters, as a heavenly visitor is sent to bring hope to the City of Brotherly Love.
 id : 244564 ISBN : 1570540276  | name : Beads  |  description : The co-author of The Incredible Clay Book presents an ultimate craft book on bead projects. Featuring 19 great projects, the package comes with beads from Czechoslavakia and findings, thread, and flexible needle from England, the United States, Taiwan, and China.
 id : 244567 ISBN : 1552540154  | name : Two's  |  description : Contains month-by-month activities for two-year-olds.
 id : 244569 ISBN : 1893554694  | name : The War Over Iraq  |  description : As the crisis with Iraq continues, Americans have questions. Is war really necessary? What can it accomplish? What broad vision of U.S. foreign policy underlies the determination to remove Saddam Hussein? What were the failures of the last couple of decades that brought us to a showdown with a dictator developing weapons of mass destruction? What is the relationship between war with Iraq and the events of 9-11? The answers to these questions are found in this timely book by two of America's leading foreign policy thinkers. Kristol and Kaplan lay out a detailed rationale for action against Iraq. But to understand why we must fight Saddam, the authors assert, it is necessary to go beyond the details of his weapons of mass destruction, his past genocidal actions against Iran and his own people, and the U.N. resolutions he has ignored. The explanation begins with how the dominant policy ideas of the last decade--Clintonian liberalism and Republican realpolitik--led American policymakers to turn a blind eye to the threat Iraq has posed for well over a decade. As Kristol and Kaplan make clear, the war over Iraq is in large part a war of competing ideas about America's role in the world. The authors provide the first comprehensive explanation of the strategy of "preemption" guiding the Bush Administration in dealing with this crisis. They show that American foreign policy for the 21st century is being forged in the crucible of our response to Saddam. The war over Iraq will presumably be the end of Saddam Hussein. But it will be the beginning of a new era in American foreign policy. William Kristol and Lawrence Kaplan are indispensable guides to the era that lies ahead.
 id : 244570 ISBN : 0345357884  | name : How to Lose Weight and Keep It Off  |  description : A comment for each week of the year to induce weight loss
 id : 244573 ISBN : 0890817138  | name : The Facts on Spirit Guides  |  description : "Booklet discusses ... voluntary spirit-possession or 'channeling.' Channelers claim a spirit actually enters their body and speaks 'guide' through them. The key issue is this: exactly who or what are these spirit guides? Many ideas, even bizarre ones, have been considered. Are they merely the hallucinations of the mentally unstable, as doctors say? Are they parts of the unconscious mind available to us all, as some psychologists say? Are they creatures from the future, or are they from civilizations deep in space, as some scientists say?.. Are they genuine spirit beings such as angels, the dead, or the 'gods' and nature spirits of various religious traditions, as the channelers say? Or are they another category of 'being' entirely -- the demons mentioned in the Bible?.. If one looks for a theory to explain all the facts, the demon theory cannot be ignored, whether or not it is personally appealing"--About this booklet.
 id : 244574 ISBN : 0962740306  | name : Contemporary One Dish Meals  |  description : Includes recipes for one-dish meals, including casseroles, pot pies, soups, stews, and puddings, created or adapted to fit a modern life-style, and discusses cooking, preparation, and storage basics
 id : 244575 ISBN : 0671731173  | name : A Mind of Her Own  |  description : DeeDee Smith cannot seem to convince her father, who is displeased with her choice of colleges and boyfriends, that she is old enough to make her own decisions.
 id : 244576 ISBN : 0883683393  | name : Shaping History Through Prayer and Fasting  |  description : The times we are living in are scary, to say the least, yet what we are facing isn't new. History is spotted with violent episodes of unimaginable carnage and terror. And what did people do about them? The only thing they could do--they prayed! Discover with Derek Prince how your prayers can make a difference. You can learn to touch the heart of God through effective fasting and prayer--prayer that will change the world!
 id : 244577 ISBN : 0800750411  | name : Dare to Be Different  |  description : Advises teenagers how to deal with peer pressure and maintain their Christian principles without cutting themselves off from friends who may have different values
 id : 244581 ISBN : 0334024765  | name : Thinking About God  |  description : Growing out of a series of public lectures presented to a large audience of non-theologians, this book is one of the most attractive introductions to theology to appear in recent years. Perhaps, as the author herself indicates, introduction is not the best word to describe the book. For above all, the book is an invitation to share Dorothee Solle s enthusiasm for theology, and her delight in the beauty and the power of religious and theological language and the themes it expresses. Thinking about God covers all of the major areas of modern theology. After discussing the nature of systematic theology and comparing orthodox, liberal, and radical approaches, it looks at the use of the Bible in theology. Then follow chapters on creation, sin, feminist liberation theology, the understanding of grace, black theology, Jesus, cross and resurrection, the kingdom of God and the church, the theology of peace, the end of theism, and the question of God. A bibliography is provided at the end of each chapter, and Dorothee Solle, who is familiar with theology on both sides of the Atlantic, has herself revised the entries for the English-language edition. Dorothee Solle has taught philosophy, literature, and theology at several German universities, and has been on the faculty of Union Theological Seminary, New York.
 id : 244582 ISBN : 0449902439  | name : Second Chance  |  description : The inspiring philosophical journey of a man who goes to Hawaii to recover from the shock of his wife’s death, and who finds the mystical Mama Lila, who helps him begin the journey to inner peace. “Second Chance is a quietly powerful book that has much to say to those of us who have spent too much time innocently complicating our lives.”—Mavis Karn, family therapist, The Bridge for Runaway Youth
 id : 244583 ISBN : 0316054097  | name : Betsy Ashton's Guide to Living on Your Own  |  description : Offers practical advice to recent college graduates, newlyweds, and the newly widowed or divorced, and covers banking, loans, credit, taxes, apartments, insurance, shopping, car ownership, and health care
 id : 244584 ISBN : 0671410962  | name : Scruffy  |  description : A dog's adventures are lonely, dangerous, and humorous, until a reporter makes her the most famous dog in Britain.
 id : 244589 ISBN : 1557736170  | name : Stalker  |  description : A bionic warrior looking for revenge against his comrades who left him for dead, Stalker plans to turn their reunion aboard the Bullet Train into a horror show. But PSI-MAN Chuck Simon is on board, and their meeting will be a duel to the death . . . for when a supercharged mind meets a supercharged soldier, only one will survive.
 id : 244590 ISBN : 1557737096  | name : Haven  |  description : Hunted by the Complex, the super-secret agency that has tried to harness his powers, Chuck Simon, a one-man weapon capable of inflicting total destruction, must retreat to Haven, a safe house for those with psychic powers. Original.
 id : 244592 ISBN : 0451182650  | name : True Lies  |  description : When Harry Tasker, Omega Sector's top field agent for nuclear containment, takes on the Crimson Jihad, Helen, his wife of fifteen years, learns that he is not the boring computer salesman she had thought
 id : 244593 ISBN : 0886775892  | name : Emperors of the Twilight  |  description : With assassins about to torch an entire skyscraper in order to take out a special operative, Evi Isham, a bioengineered creature, is assigned to stop them, all the while running from an enemy who has marked her for death. Original.
 id : 244595 ISBN : 1862070342  | name : Mona in the Promised Land  |  description : It is 1968, the dawn of the age of ethnicity, and though some nice Chinese girls are turning more Chinese, teenaged Mona Chang is turning Jewish, much to her parents' chagrin. Gish Jen is the author of Typical American.
 id : 244598 ISBN : 0376034750  | name : Landscaping for Privacy  |  description : Re-design your garden for maximum privacy; Use trees, Scrubs, vines, walls, and fences to their best advantage; Make your garden the perfect place for outdoor living or entertaining; Re-landscape to minimize street noise hide utility areas, and seclude hot tubs, spas, and swimming pools.
 id : 244599 ISBN : 0676973795  | name : Sputnik Diner  |  description : From an award-winning writer reminiscent of Richard Russo and Russell Banks: get ready for a heady and heartbreaking stay in Nanticoke, home of the Sputnik Diner. Travelling on Highway 3, along the upper lip of Lake Erie and through a moustache of tobacco fields and sky, we arrive in Nanticoke, Ontario. At the heart of the town is the Sputnik Diner, a smoky grill where the jukebox whirs out an ever-changing soundtrack. Navigating their way through the lies and sexual betrayals are Grace, waitress and self-defeating artist; Buzz, who offers the cook's eye view of the eccentric patrons and staff; and Marcel, the gruff French-Canadian owner who doles out hilarious malapropisms and his own peculiar brand of hospitality. In muscular prose, Maddocks traces the lives of flawed, gutsy, and utterly loveable characters: an immigrant family from Wales, struggling to find their place in the ragged, darkly absurd world of tobacco-belt Ontario; two young brothers who steal the family car and try to come to grips with their father's cancer out on the dinosaur mini-putt course in the pouring rain; and Grace, who seeks out her birth parents only to confront the dizzying epiphanies of that momentous discovery. There are others too, whose stalled dreams, gritty hopes and humour spark through the Sputnik Diner universe.
 id : 244601 ISBN : 0451453778  | name : The Lucifer Deck  |  description : In its efforts to control all information in the Shadowrun universe, a giant corporation inadvertently calls up a violent spirit from another dimension, and only a young girl can save the universe from the ensuing havoc. Original.
 id : 244602 ISBN : 0553245414  | name : The War God  |  description : Pledged by his oath of allegiance to his mentor Thor, the mighty Viking warrior Haakon the Dark sets sail for the West, where the gods have foretold the existence of a new world
 id : 244603 ISBN : 0553239244  | name : The Viking's Revenge  |  description : Harud Olafsson has his Viking warriors attack the village of Rogaland and Haakon Olesson vows to make him pay for the massacre
 id : 244605 ISBN : 0345327632  | name : The High-tech Knight  |  description : Conrad Stargard, living in twenty-ninth-century Poland and marooned since 1231 AD, has had to round up vassals, build a city, battle the Champion Teutonic Knight, and keep warring Mongols at bay
 id : 244606 ISBN : 0425050084  | name : Watchtower  |  description : Elizabeth A. Lynn won the World Fantasy Award for Watchtower, volume one in a breathtaking trilogy that would establish her as one of speculative fiction's most exciting voices. Now, Ace brings this classic back to fans and first-time readers alike--in a beautifully repackaged trade paperback edition.Tornor Keep is the legendary tower that guards the winter end of a summer land. But when Tornor is overrun by raiders, a young prince is the tower's last hope in an enchanting story of a time far removed from ours and of a land alive with warriors, lovers, war, and honor.
 id : 244608 ISBN : 0445204060  | name : The Glove of Maiden's Hair  |  description : Harlicch, an elf prince, saves college professor Barbara St. James from a gang of muggers, and together the two must battle the powerful magic of Harlicch's enemies on the streets of New York City
 id : 244609 ISBN : 0441492460  | name : Lords of the Triple Moons  |  description : Two children, Johab and Ellora, escape from the dark dungeon of the dictators of Rehannoth and set in motion the fearsome weapons that will kill them and free their people.
 id : 244610 ISBN : 0345327624  | name : The Cross-time Engineer  |  description : Accidentally plunged back in time to Poland in the year 1231, Conrad Schwartz is determined to build up the country before the Mongol invasion that will come ten years later
 id : 244611 ISBN : 0812544617  | name : Brian Boru  |  description : This is the story of Brian Boru a real life hero who changed the distiny of Ireland and who revolutionized 10th century Ireland.
 id : 244613 ISBN : 0451156838  | name : Sorcerer's Son  |  description : Readers can try to solve the mystery of who is trying to kill Dakota King and his assistant, Longh Gonh, as they search for a king's fortune buried in the jungle.
 id : 244615 ISBN : 0571199941  | name : Thinking Like a Director  |  description : "Concise and engaging, Michael Bloom's book is for anyone who has ever uttered the phrase, "But what I really want to do is direct.""--BOOK JACKET.
 id : 244617 ISBN : 0517050358  | name : Acting  |  description : "A wealth of material on the theory and practice of acting ... a book which may be read, re-read and absorbed by everyone who assumes the directing of actors or that most difficult task, the teaching of acting." --Quarterly Journal of Speech
 id : 244622 ISBN : 3442353238  | name : Kinder des Sturms  |  description : Darcy Gallagher hat ihr Leben lang an die Vorbestimmung ihres Schicksals geglaubt, an die Magie der Legenden - und an die Wichtigkeit des Geldes. Sie träumt von einem wohlhabenden Mann, der sie in die abenteuerliche Welt der Reichen und Schönen entführt. Denn das ist ihre Erfüllung, das weiß sie. Eines Tages taucht Trevor Magee, ein reicher Geschäftsmann mit irischer Abstammung in Ardmore auf, um dort ein Theater zu bauen. Hauptsächlich jedoch möchte er die Geheimnisse seiner Familie ergründen und ist auf der Stelle fasziniert von der eigenwilligen Darcy. Sie lässt ihn mit ihrer Schönheit und wachen Intelligenz die schmerzliche Vergangenheit vergessen. Zwischen der selbstbewussten Darcy und dem starrsinnigen Trevor entbrennt ein wilder Kampf um eine unmöglich scheinende Partnerschaft ihrer Herzen. Als aber ihre gegenseitige Anziehung zu Liebe wird, geschieht etwas Magisches, etwas völlig Unvorhergesehenes...
 id : 244627 ISBN : 3423122994  | name : Der Glückbringer  |  description : Wanneer een zwaar gehandicapte ijscoman een eind aan zijn leven wil maken, trekt hij zoveel sensatiebeluste en bijgelovige toeschouwers dat de politie tussenbeide komt, waardoor de zaak tot revolutionaire proporties uitgroeit.
 id : 244629 ISBN : 3423115734  | name : Manchmal möchte ich ein Single sein  |  description : Amüsante Glossen über die Situation der Frau im alltäglichen Leben.
 id : 244637 ISBN : 0061080748  | name : The Wedding  |  description : With her parents and in-laws not speaking and her mother-in-law trying to run everything, Emma finds her small wedding has turned into the event of the season. Original.
 id : 244638 ISBN : 0440211026  | name : Life's Parachutes  |  description : A guide to coping with crises shows readers how to comfort someone who is hurting, reduce problems, rekindle their spirits, make peace with the past, and embrace the present. Original.
 id : 244640 ISBN : 0440506255  | name : He's Scared, She's Scared  |  description : Available for the first time in paperback, this follow-up to the phenomenally successful Men Who Can't Love tackles the issue of commitmentphobia, that persistent obstacle to truly satisfying contemporary relationships. Authors Stephen Carter and Julia Sokol explore why modern men and women are torn between the desire for intimacy and the equally intense need for independence. Drawing on numerous interviews and real-life scenarios, and written with humor, insight, and the kind of wisdom gained by personal experience, He's Scared, She's Scared offes guidance for all of us who want genuine, sustained intimacy with our romantic partners.
 id : 244641 ISBN : 0439486343  | name : The Devil's Toenail  |  description : A bullied boy is lured by the dark power of revenge in this haunting fantasy by the author of COLD TOM. Stevie, 13, has started at a new school and is desperate for acceptance. Like any teenager, he is self-conscious and embarrassed by his family. But he also hates himself for being cruelly bullied at his old school, and he will do anything to be accepted by bullies here rather than be their victim. Then he finds an odd fossil called a Devil's Toenail, which fills him with an almost evil sense of daring. The Devil's Toenail's tauntings and urgings to take revenge on the world are relentless, but in the end, Stevie discovers that believing in himself is what brings true power and happiness.
 id : 244643 ISBN : 0671686364  | name : The Battle of Hurtgen Forest  |  description : Recounts the longest battle of World War II, argues that the campaign was ill-conceived, and describes the experiences of the soldiers fighting there
 id : 244644 ISBN : 0786012706  | name : The Best of Court TV  |  description : Nationally recognized Court TV is the source for the most in-depth, true crime reporting, and "Crime Stories" is the cornerstone of the cable network's prime time lineup. In the fourth book of this original series, the stories of three cases profiled on "Crime Stories" are presented. Includes "Hog Trail Murders", "Prescription for Murder", and "The Scoutmaster's Secret". of photos.
 id : 244646 ISBN : 075820342X  | name : Red Light Wives  |  description : From bestselling author Mary Monroe comes a powerful new novel abut six very different women who work the streets of San Francisco under the control of one charismatic man, Clyde. Despite their love of the high life and each other, they all long for a life free from him and the hundreds of other men they must entertain. Then one daring act changes everything. A warm and stylish story about hopes, dreams and the power of friendship.
 id : 244647 ISBN : 0805074872  | name : Saints at the River  |  description : Maggie Glenn, a newspaper photographer sent to cover an incident in her hometown, becomes caught in the middle of the conflict, opening old wounds and forcing her to revisit a past she wanted to leave behind. 35,000 first printing.
 id : 244648 ISBN : 0843953179  | name : Body Parts  |  description : A homicide counselor must find a serial killer to prove one of her patients is innocent.
 id : 244649 ISBN : 0374135657  | name : The Death of Napoleon  |  description : When the imposter he has left on St. Helena dies and the news of his death reaches Europe, Napoleon, traveling incognito, must come to terms with his loss of identity
 id : 244650 ISBN : 0385312601  | name : What Your Fourth Grader Needs to Know  |  description : Supplemental guide to classroom education to help fourth graders progress in school and be effective in society.
 id : 244651 ISBN : 0312200269  | name : The Story of My Disappearance  |  description : In Rhode Island, a Soviet spy ferrying agents from submarines takes over the operation when his commanding officer dies. He also takes over the officer's wife and when the USSR disintegrates they remain in the U.S. illegally, but the past catches up.
 id : 244652 ISBN : 1886028222  | name : The Year of the Buffalo  |  description : Marshall J. Cook is one of the most beloved and prolific writers in Wisconsin. The Year of the Buffalo, a novel of love and minor league baseball, his second book for Savage Press, is a touching tale of love, baseball and transcendence. The baseball action is accurate, emotional and inspiring.Synopsis: The lowly Buffalo, a triple minor team from Beymer, Wisconsin, The Smallest Town in the USofA with it's own professional baseball team hires a washed out lefty who finds true love and leads the team to its first ever championship. Keen drama. Truely fine insights into the human condition. W.P. Kinsella, author of Shoeless Joe which inspired Field of Dreams said of the book, Fine storytelling, genuinely touching moments.
 id : 244654 ISBN : 0373611161  | name : The Killing Urge  |  description : Mack Bolan is called in to protect high-ranking members of the Giancarlo family, leading members of the underworld, when Chicago's biggest crime boss attempts to silence them after testifying against him
 id : 244656 ISBN : 0373611315  | name : Ice Wolf  |  description : Investigating the murder of a group of Federal Witness Protection Program participants, Mack Bolan uncovers a plot to assassinate two world leaders
 id : 244657 ISBN : 0373611323  | name : The Big Kill  |  description : Mack Bolan agrees to help Dominick Fontanelli, when his father's ties to organized crime places his life in danger
 id : 244660 ISBN : 0373613199  | name : Sea of Savages  |  description : Sea Of Savages by Gar Wilson released on Jul 25, 1985 is available now for purchase.
 id : 244662 ISBN : 0373619332  | name : Dragon Fire  |  description : The release of this title signals the launch of a new cover design for the popular adventure series. Stony Man places all its combat teams on top alert when top-secret U.S. missile technology is stolen. Phoenix Force goes undercover deep in Chinese territory, racing against time to stop China from take over all of Asia.
 id : 244665 ISBN : 0373619065  | name : Sunflash  |  description : When a series of deadly nuclear accidents occur, setting off violent civil unrest, the Stony Man teams are called upon to outrun a satellite that is targeting a major American nuclear plant. Original.
 id : 244667 ISBN : 0373613253  | name : Down Under Thunder  |  description : Down Under Thunder by Gar Wilson released on Jul 25, 1986 is available now for purchase.
 id : 244669 ISBN : 0395150248  | name : Curious George  |  description : The curiosity of a newly-captured monkey gets him into continual trouble.
 id : 244674 ISBN : 0812503465  | name : The Unicorn Solution  |  description : Follows young magician Jarrod Courtak and Marianna of Gwyndrith, the only two people on Strand who can communicate with the family of unicorns there.
 id : 244677 ISBN : 0316111333  | name : Arthur's New Puppy  |  description : Arthur's new puppy causes problems when it tears the living room apart, wets on everything, and refuses to wear a leash.
 id : 244678 ISBN : 0590522981  | name : Chomp!  |  description : A simple explanation of what sharks look like, how they hunt, what they eat, and how they are born.
 id : 244679 ISBN : 0679875344  | name : The Easter Story  |  description : Tells the story of the last days of Jesus' life, the crucifixion, and the resurrection.
 id : 244680 ISBN : 0064450481  | name : Air is All Around You  |  description : Air is everywhere. Your bedroom alone holds about seventy-five pounds of it! But since you can't see, smell, or feel air, how do you know it's there? There are some cool experiments you can do to prove it for yourself. Read and find out!
 id : 244681 ISBN : 0816763208  | name : Sharks!  |  description : An introduction to the characteristics and behavior of sharks.
 id : 244682 ISBN : 0808514075  | name : Deathwatch  |  description : Needing money for school, a college boy accepts a job as guide on a desert hunting trip and nearly loses his life as he becomes the hunted.
 id : 244684 ISBN : 0440219183  | name : The Car  |  description : A teenager left on his own travels west in a kit car he built himself, and along the way picks up two Vietnam veterans, who take him on an eye-opening journey.
 id : 244685 ISBN : 0805066845  | name : Teller of Tales  |  description : Winner of the 1999 Edgar Award for Best Biographical Work, this biography looks beyond Sherlock Holmes to examine Arthur Conan Doyle, the fascinating, complex man who became an outspoken crusader for spiritualism. of photos.
 id : 244686 ISBN : 0553054163  | name : Holidays Around the World  |  description : The Disney characters introduce holidays from all over the world.
 id : 244687 ISBN : 1575661101  | name : No Honeymoon for Death  |  description : Ensconced in the newlywed suite aboard the S.S. New York, honeymooning partners Brooke and Matt Devlin investigate the disappearances of prominent financiers, but their efforts are complicated by two unsavory fellow passengers. Reprint.
 id : 244688 ISBN : 034538279X  | name : Perfectly Pure and Good  |  description : Sarah Fortune's name belies her recent life. A beautiful red-haired attorney, she's still recovering from the macabre attack of a now-deceased client, Charles Tysall, who became obsessed with her. The scars on her creamy skin have healed but will never disappear. Now the senior partner in her firm has asked her to travel to the seaside town of Merton to sort out a legacy left to the feuding Pardoe family. It is the same town where Tysall spent her summer holidays. Sarah arrives in Merton to find that her clients consist of a dotty matriarch, two brothers (one nasty and one industrious), and a daughter sadly in search of self-esteem. And along a quay studded with cheap amusements and fish-and-chip wrappers lurks a ghost, a phantom who may be more dangerous than any flesh-and-blood villain--
 id : 244689 ISBN : 0080374379  | name : The Forgotten Soldier  |  description : Autobiography of French-speaking Alsatian soldier in the German army during World War II; originally written in French.
 id : 244690 ISBN : 0590107313  | name : Sun  |  description : Photographs and simple text describe how the sun brings light and warmth to all living things from sunrise to sunset.
 id : 244691 ISBN : 0439045541  | name : Markets  |  description : Simple text and photographs explore the variety of things that can be bought and sold at markets around the world, including fish, fruits, cheese, and books.
 id : 244693 ISBN : 043904605X  | name : Look, Listen and Learn  |  description : Photographs and simple text tell how to use each of the five senses to learn more about the world.
 id : 244694 ISBN : 0439046076  | name : All Kinds of Books  |  description : Examines the many things that reading a book can help you do, from fixing a bike to finding a friend's phone number to playing pretend.
 id : 244695 ISBN : 0671009028  | name : Trials and Tribble-ations  |  description : "More Trouble" will be a high-tech special effects episode of Deep Space Nine airing in mid-October, where the characters from Deep Space Nine join in the action with an episode from the original series. (Fic tion--Science Fiction)
 id : 244696 ISBN : 0465045006  | name : I, Pierre Seel, Deported Homosexual  |  description : As a young man in German-occupied France, Pierre Seel appeared on a list of accused homosexuals and was sent to an interment camp. He managed to survive the war, spending most of it as cannon fodder on the Russian front. Available for the first time in English, this account of Seel's experiences provides an invaluable contribution to the literature of the Holocaust.
 id : 244697 ISBN : 0385317158  | name : Murder for Revenge  |  description : Takes featuring revenge. Authors include Mary Higgins Calrk, Joyce Carol Oates, Shel Silverstein, Peter Straub, Phillip Margolin and Lawrence Block.
 id : 244698 ISBN : 0752423088  | name : The Black Death  |  description : By 1340, Europe was beset by a host of problems. Even the ploughing of marginal land had failed to produce enough food to feed the ever-growing population. Poverty, unemployment, and vagrancy were all on the increase. However, by 1400 the situation had changed. There had been a dramatic change but from a wholly unforeseen and unexpected quarter: the Black Death. This horrific disease ripped through towns, villages and families. Men, women, children, young and old succumbed to a painful, drawn out death as pustules, abscesses and boils erupted over their bodies. Within a few decades this virulent and unknown disease had wiped out up to half the population.
 id : 244699 ISBN : 068986146X  | name : Danger on the Great Lakes  |  description : THERE'S MORE EXCITEMENT ON THIS CRUISE SHIP THAN NANCY BARGAINED FOR! Nancy, Bess, and George are going on a cruise around the Great Lakes for a fantastic end-of-summer vacation! As soon as the girls set foot on the ship, though, they smell something fishy. Their new friend Amber is upset because her boyfriend, Craig, is neglecting her. After a little investigating on her friend's behalf, Nancy learns that Craig is really a detective. He's been busy hunting for a mastermind diamond thief who may well be on the ship. And it turns out Craig can use some help. Soon Nancy's hunting for clues on land and offshore. Where there's stolen diamonds, though, there's danger -- and Nancy and her friends are soon caught in the thick of it. Will Nancy be able to crack this case before her ship is sunk?
 id : 244701 ISBN : 1562613588  | name : Extremely Weird Animal Defenses  |  description : Describes the physical characteristics and behavior of a number of animals with unusual means of defense, including the burrfish, the gelada, and the bulldog ant.
 id : 244702 ISBN : 0743463110  | name : Star Trek Crosswords  |  description : For the "Star Trek" fans who think they know it all comes the hottest brain twisting book this side of the Galactic Barrier--with 50 puzzles from crossword puzzle master John Samson.
 id : 244703 ISBN : 0743470621  | name : Broken Bow  |  description : Jonathan Archer, the first Captain of the Starship Enterprise, must lead his crew, including Vulcan Sub-Commander T'Pol and Dr. Phlox, on their mission to explore the universe, but first they must get past the Klingons.
 id : 244706 ISBN : 0590921541  | name : Five Creepy Creatures  |  description : A collection of five easy-to-read stories about creepy creatures.
 id : 244707 ISBN : 0440215188  | name : Blood Trance  |  description : Blind and reclusive hypnotherapist Maddy Phillips relies on the help of her brother and prime hypnotic subject to uncover the family facts involved in the murder of a hated stepmother. By the author of Death Trance. Reprint.
 id : 244708 ISBN : 0446364932  | name : Death Warmed Up  |  description : Caterer Jean Ainley is faced with a deadly dilemma when someone starts murdering her powerful clients by using items from Jean's kitchen. Reprint. NYT. PW. LJ. AB.
 id : 244709 ISBN : 0786014385  | name : Quest of the Mountain Man  |  description : Smoke Jenson and a band of tough mountain men from the Colorado Rockies must battle against a brutal gang of cross-border outlaws who are determined to halt the progress of the railroad - by any means necessary. Original.
 id : 244710 ISBN : 0802136958  | name : The Sex Offender  |  description : The author of Landscape: Memory presents a provocative look at the nature of love in the study of a man found guilty of having a love affair with a twelve-year-old boy and the confusions and complexities of the cure for child molestation. Reprint.
 id : 244711 ISBN : 0439429277  | name : The Class Trip from the Black Lagoon  |  description : As he gets ready for a class trip, a boy worries about all the things that might go wrong--but they are nothing to what he experiences the day of the excursion.
 id : 244712 ISBN : 0746016719  | name : The Fangtastic Adventures of Dracula's Dentures  |  description : THE PICTURES IN THIS BOOK CONTAIN A TEST TO TAX THE BIGGEST BRAIN.
 id : 244713 ISBN : 0881064963  | name : The Icky Bug Counting Book  |  description : Learn to count in this “icky” introduction to bugs and numbers. For most children, insects and the small world they inhabit is endlessly creepy, crawly, and fascinating. Best-selling author Jerry Pallotta delivers a fun first concepts book that uncovers the wild world of bugs and insects. From the Zebra Swallowtail Butterfly to Yellowjacket Flies, readers will learn intriguing facts while practicing their numbers. Pallotta’s signature witty yet scientific text paired with Masiello’s vivid and detailed illustrations makes this exploration of all things creepy-crawly one that will keep readers engaged and curious as they learn about the natural world of bugs.
 id : 244714 ISBN : 0803720408  | name : Parts  |  description : A five-year-old boy thinks his body is falling apart until he learns new teeth grow and hair and skin replace themselves.
 id : 244717 ISBN : 0786927631  | name : Redemption  |  description : Dhamon Grimwulf continues his quest to find a way to end the curse that is destroying his body and to atone for his past actions, aided by a mad Solamnic Knight and a wingless draconian.
 id : 244718 ISBN : 0060193867  | name : Charles  |  description : Charles, Prince of Wales, has long been the subject of intense scrutiny and speculation. Everyone assumes that they know the story of the Prince's life and his failed marriage to Diana. Diana herself told the world in no uncertain terms about her unhappiness with the British Royal Family, leaving no doubt as to whom she held responsible. But Diana's version was only part of the story. Penny Junor's new biography, Charles: Victim or Villain?, reveals the startling complexities and contradictions of a man born to a position of unique privilege. On the occasion of the Prince's fiftieth birthday it provides fresh perspective and entirely revolutionizes the way we think about Charles, his marriage and his mistress. Drawing on the memories, experiences and observations of those closest to the Prince, the Princess and Camilla -- some of whom have never spoken before -- Penny Junor is in an unrivaled position to explode and explain the popular myths. Her analysis of the Prince's marriage to Diana, a vulnerable but difficult young woman, and his relationship with Camilla, earthy and independent, results in a provocative new portrait of the man who will be King.
 id : 244719 ISBN : 0895260743  | name : Losing Bin Laden  |  description : How Bill Clinton's failures unleashed global terror.
 id : 244720 ISBN : 1558219323  | name : The Contract Surgeon  |  description : An old man tells the story of his days as a surgeon with the army, fighting Indians, and of his friendship with Crazy Horse, the Sioux chief, whom he treated in the last days of his life. By the author of Equinox.
 id : 244721 ISBN : 0374189374  | name : Little Infamies  |  description : In a collection of interconnected stories set in a small Greek village, such characters as the local priest, prostitute, doctor, centaur, and parrot experience passion, humor, and the loss of magic in the face of harsh reality. 10,000 first printing.
 id : 244723 ISBN : 082176585X  | name : Preacher and the Mountain Caesar  |  description : After wandering the unmapped North American frontier for years, tough mountain man Preacher thinks he has seen it all, until he stumbles upon Nova Roma and its homicidal, fanatical leader.
 id : 244724 ISBN : 1556611757  | name : First Light  |  description : Abram White cannot escape his past -- or the message of George Whitefield.
 id : 244726 ISBN : 0195161114  | name : Building Trust  |  description : The philosopher and business leader discusses the importance of trust in business and in life and he shows readers how to build and maintain it in a variety of settings.
 id : 244727 ISBN : 0141002247  | name : In My Brother's Image  |  description : In My Brother's Image is the extraordinary story of Eugene Pogany's father and uncle-identical twin brothers born in Hungary of Jewish parents but raised as devout Catholic converts until the Second World War unraveled their family. In eloquent prose, Pogany portrays how the Holocaust destroyed the brothers' close childhood bond: his father, a survivor of a Nazi internment camp, denounced Christianity and returned to the Judaism of his birth, while his uncle, who found shelter in an Italian monastic community during the war, became a Catholic priest. Even after emigrating to America the brothers remained estranged, each believing the other a traitor to their family's faith. This tragic memoir is a rich, moving family portrait as well as an objective historical account of the rupture between Jews and Catholics.
 id : 244728 ISBN : 0312263678  | name : On Burning Ground  |  description : On Burning Ground is the tale of one desperate and brilliant man's ultimate choice: at the eve of the Nazi purging of Poland, to disguise his Jewish origin and pose first as a Christian, then to join the Nazi SS. Living in constant fear, Michael Skakun's father, Joseph, not only assumed a dangerous array of identities in order to survive, but subsequently compromised his very spirit. On Burning Ground is a brave and revelatory tale of a son's father who risked it all, and through his amazing odyssey, was keenly aware of the price of such deceits.
 id : 244729 ISBN : 0740709852  | name : Who Am I? II  |  description : Although 38 of my works survive today, I left no letters, and there is little known about my personal life. Many of my plays were staged at the courts of King James I and Elizabeth I, and are still performed today, almost 400 years after my death. Who am I?Who Am I? II is the sequel to Andrews McMeel's successful Who Am I?r compilations in book and calendar form. These quizzes are culled from Biographyr magazine's popular monthly column of the same name. Each month ten mystery mini-biographies are presented to challenge faithful readers to deduce the identity behind each. Once again, 150 profiles have been collected to test true Biographyr fans and history buffs alike. The biographies featured in Who Am I? II range from those of important historical personalities such as John Quincy Adams and Harriet Beecher Stowe to current-day celebrities including Barbra Streisand and Anne Rice, ensuring there is something for everyone's gray matter. (answer: William Shakespeare)
 id : 244730 ISBN : 0060931035  | name : The Last Face You'll Ever See  |  description : In fascinating detail, Ivan Solotaroff introduces us to the men who carry out executions. Although the emphasis is on the personal lives of these men and of those they have to put to death, The Last Face You'll Ever See also addresses some of the deeper issues of the death penalty and connects the veiled, elusive figure of the executioner to the vast majority of Americans who, since 1977, have claimed to support executions. Why do we do it? Or, more exactly, why do we want to? The Last Face You'll Ever See is not about the polarizing issues of the death penalty -- it is a firsthand report about the culture of executions: the executioners, the death-row inmates, and everyone involved in the act. An engrossing, unsettling, and provocative book, this work will forever affect anyone who reads it.
 id : 244731 ISBN : 0618302417  | name : Atomic Farmgirl  |  description : From Flag Day parades to Cold War duck-and-cover drills, "Atomic Farmgirl" chronicles a peculiar coming of age for a young girl and her community, whose way of life--and livelihood--are gradually threatened by the dispersions of nuclear waste. Includes a new Foreword and Epilogue by the author.
 id : 244732 ISBN : 0743200934  | name : George Foreman's Big Book of Grilling, Barbecue, and Rotisserie  |  description : King of the ring and king of the grill, George Foreman joins forces with chef Barbara Witt to provide zesty, all-new dishes for grill and rotisserie cooking. Let George Foreman and Barbara Witt show you how you can easily make delicious meals that will satisfy your need for speed and your family's need for a good, home-cooked meal. Foreman and Witt have created tasty recipes for meats, poultry, seafood, vegetables, innovative grilled salads, pasta sauces -- even pizza -- that can be prepared indoors, using an electric or stovetop grill; or outdoors, on an electric, charcoal, or gas-powered barbecue. Complete with nutritional information, the recipes in the Big Book of Grilling, Barbecue, and Rotisserie reflect an international range of flavors -- Caribbean, Pan-Asian, and Latin -- and provide new twists on All-American favorites. There are even suggestions for side dishes, some of which can be prepared on the grill right alongside the main course. You'll find everything you need to know about equipment; ways to maximize flavor by using rubs, pastes, marinades, and brines; and how to find and use the best meats and ingredients. Whether you want a quick-fix family meal, a backyard barbecue feast, or an elegant dinner party, you'll find the perfect recipe in George Foreman's Big Book of Grilling, Barbecue, and Rotisserie. Recipes Include: Fiery Orange Sesame Flank Steak • East Indian Lamb Patties • Butterfly Pork Chops with Apricots Tuna Tostadas • Barbecued Baby Back Ribs • Ham Steak with Peach Chutney • Spicy Lime and Cilantro Chicken • Prosciutto-Wrapped Scallops on Creamy Spinach • Herb- and Parmesan-Crusted Chicken Breasts • Moroccan Cornish Hen • Duck Out of Africa • Crispy Cajun Catfish with Sun-Dried-Tomato Sauce • Linguine with Lobster Tarragon • Carib Beef and Mango Burger .White Pizza Portobello • Carol's Tropical Turkey Salad • Mixed Mushroom Fettuccine • and many more!
 id : 244733 ISBN : 0451210522  | name : The Sopranos  |  description : Discusses the history of the fictional family, including Tony Soprano's childhood and life as part of the Soprano family, and provides information about the cast of the HBO series and a synopsis of the first four seasons.
 id : 244735 ISBN : 0439271959  | name : Egypt  |  description : Examines life in ancient Egypt, including the importance of the Nile River, religious beliefs, the Pharaohs, written language, and daily life of both the nobility and commoners. Original.
 id : 244736 ISBN : 039554811X  | name : Taxi  |  description : The reader is introduced to such typical city words as "theater, ""museum," "office building," and "train station" as a taxi travels through a hectic workday in and around the city.
 id : 244737 ISBN : 0899191649  | name : In a Pickle, and Other Funny Idioms  |  description : Thirty common English phrases, such as "a chip off the old block" and "cry over spilled milk" are illustrated and explained.
 id : 244738 ISBN : 0312302479  | name : The Burning  |  description : An account of the massacre at Greenwood recreates this destruction of a prosperous African American southern community near Tulsa, Oklahoma.
 id : 244739 ISBN : 0375705023  | name : An Ice-Cream War  |  description : "Rich in character and incident, An Ice-Cream War fulfills the ambition of the historical novel at its best." --The New York Times Book Review Booker Prize Finalist "Boyd has more than fulfilled the bright promise of [his] first novel. . . . He is capable not only of some very funny satire but also of seriousness and compassion." --Michiko Kakutani, The New York Times 1914. In a hotel room in German East Africa, American farmer Walter Smith dreams of Theodore Roosevelt. As he sleeps, a railway passenger swats at flies, regretting her decision to return to the Dark Continent--and to her husband. On a faraway English riverbank, a jealous Felix Cobb watches his brother swim, and curses his sister-in-law-to-be. And in the background of the world's daily chatter: rumors of an Anglo-German conflict, the likes of which no one has ever seen. In An Ice-Cream War, William Boyd brilliantly evokes the private dramas of a generation upswept by the winds of war. After his German neighbor burns his crops--with an apology and a smile--Walter Smith takes up arms on behalf of Great Britain. And when Felix's brother marches off to defend British East Africa, he pursues, against his better judgment, a forbidden love affair. As the sons of the world match wits and weapons on a continent thousands of miles from home, desperation makes bedfellows of enemies and traitors of friends and family. By turns comic and quietly wise, An Ice-Cream War deftly renders lives capsized by violence, chance, and the irrepressible human capacity for love. "Funny, assured, and cleanly, expansively told, a seriocomic romp. Boyd gives us studies of people caught in the side pockets of calamity and dramatizes their plights with humor, detail and grit." --Harper's "Boyd has crafted a quiet, seamless prose in which story and characters flow effortlessly out of a fertile imagination. . . . The reader emerges deeply moved." --Newsday
 id : 244740 ISBN : 1559213345  | name : Imperial Woman  |  description : In this Nobel Prize winner Pearl S Buck recreates the life of one of the most intriguing rulers during a time of intense turbulence. Pearl S Buck's knowledge of and fascination with the Empress's life are contagious. She reveals the essence of this self-involved and infamous last Empress, while taking the reader through China's struggle for freedom and democracy.
 id : 244741 ISBN : 0785250425  | name : Manners and Customs of the Bible  |  description : This fully illustrated encyclopedic guide to the Bible's manners, customs, and times puts a wealth of information at your fingertips. Forty-six sections cover the people of the Bible and how they lived-from family life to law to transportation. This affordable one-volume resource offers over 6,000 topics and facts, making the wonders of Bible cultures more accessible than ever before.
 id : 244742 ISBN : 0736911529  | name : The 10 Things You Should Know about the Creation Vs. Evolution Debate  |  description : A renowned apologist and Bible teacher delivers this helpful guide that clearly demonstrates why the two sides of the debate are mutually exclusive, and gives readers the information they need to form their own convictions and answer other people's questions.
 id : 244743 ISBN : 0316557269  | name : Joan Lunden's Healthy Cooking  |  description : The cohost of television's "Good Morning America" combines a candid account of how she overcame her own weight problem with a selection of more than one hundred high-nutrition, low-fat recipes
 id : 244746 ISBN : 014118079X  | name : The Egg and Other Stories  |  description : Contains thirty short stories drawn from three collections published by American author Sherwood Anderson in the later years of his career, between 1921 and 1933.
 id : 244747 ISBN : 0316565946  | name : Invincible Louisa  |  description : Biography tracing the fascinating life of Louisa May Alcott from her happy childhood in Pennsylvania and Boston to her success as a writer of such classics as Little women.
 id : 244748 ISBN : 0385311842  | name : Marching Through Georgia  |  description : Sherman's March from Atlanta to Savannah in 1864 brought the Confederacy to its knees. Ellis explores the route 130 years later to search for the living, breathing artifacts of the nation's most bitter war, and finds living memories of the Great Lost Cause co-existing with modern American culture.
 id : 244749 ISBN : 0385411197  | name : What Your Fifth Grader Needs to Know  |  description : Shows parents what their fifth grader needs to know in order to gain the fundamentals he or she needs to make progress in school and be effective in society
 id : 244751 ISBN : 0802117260  | name : Madame de Pompadour  |  description : The critically acclaimed author of "Philippe, duc d'Orleans" presents a stunning new biography of the most famous of Louis XVUs mistresses. From her beginnings amid anonymity in early-18th-century Paris, to her reign as the undisputed mistress of Versailles, "Madame de Pompadour" traces the life of a truly remarkable, self-made woman. of full-color illustrations.
 id : 244752 ISBN : 1563055139  | name : Rainy Days & Saturdays  |  description : A family lifesaver of 160 activities that can easily be done using stuff from around the house. B/W illus. 8-11 yrs.
 id : 244753 ISBN : 0440227615  | name : A Door Near Here  |  description : Without even noticing, 15-year-old Katherine has become the head of her household. She hasn't had time to notice. Her single mother, an out-of-work alcoholic, has been in bed for weeks, leaving Katherine and her three younger siblings to band together and fend for themselves. But it has gotten harder and harder to maintain any sort of stability. There's no time for housework, food and money are running out, and the kids' teachers are starting to get suspicious. Worst of all, Katherine's youngest sister, Alisa, seems to be losing her grip on reality; she is obsessed with finding a door to the imaginary land of Narnia. And the longer they all struggle to maintain their pretense of normality, the more they have to fear--and to lose.
 id : 244754 ISBN : 0449147940  | name : Witness to the Truth  |  description : In 1992, FBI agent Paul Lindsay received commendation and a $600 incentive award from FBI director William Sessions for helping spearhead the capture of serial killer Benjamin Atkins. After writing this novel, Paul Lindsay -- a twenty-year veteran of the FBI -- became the victim of a vicious backlash. The Bureau threatened to fire Lindsay for insubordination, claiming he violated a company ban on accepting outside income. Was that the case? Or did Lindsay expose too much about an agency that likes to remain in the shadows? Special Agent Mike Devlin is an exception to the FBI rule book. But when one too many unorthodox arrests gets him wiretap duty, Devlin gets an explosive earful: a traitor in the ranks is selling out the FBI's informants to the Mob. Yet closer to home, a fellow agent's daughter has been kidnapped, and a serial killer is the prime suspect. Now Devlin must put his career and his life in the cross-hairs of the Mafia and a maniac. But he wouldn't have it any other way.
 id : 244755 ISBN : 0679804382  | name : Money  |  description : Text and photographs trace the evolution of the written word, how the alphabet grew out of pictures, the development of papermaking, bookbinding, children's books, and more.
 id : 244756 ISBN : 0789430711  | name : Ultimate Soccer  |  description : Discusses the origins of the game, and provides profiles of the greatest players.
 id : 244757 ISBN : 0394866010  | name : The Bears' Almanac  |  description : The further adventures of the Bear family also include information on holidays, weather, and the seasons.
 id : 244758 ISBN : 0590120107  | name : Max's Money  |  description : Max finds out about adding and subtracting different amounts of money as the tries to borrow or earn enough to buy a birthday present for his mother. Includes related activities.
 id : 244759 ISBN : 0590456431  | name : That Fat Hat  |  description : When Lou Lou, a individualistic cat, decides to wear a very large hat to lunch, her more conformist friend is very upset.
 id : 244760 ISBN : 0590109707  | name : Miss Moo Goes to the Zoo  |  description : When Miss Moo leaves the farm for something more exciting it seems as if there is no place for her, until she finallly finds a special new home.
 id : 244762 ISBN : 1569750300  | name : Irritable Bowel Syndrome  |  description : Clearly written with easy-to-understand explanations, this book presents natural solutions for living comfortably with this common ailment. It maintains that thoroughly addressing the causes of IBS-diet and stress-can effectively relieve symptoms without resorting to medication. The authors offer creative dietary alternatives and recipes as well as proven methods for controlling stress-including meditation, yoga, and relaxation exercises.
 id : 244763 ISBN : 0689119070  | name : The Deeds of the Disturber  |  description : Amerlia Peabody, her sexy archaeologist husband Emerson, and their precocious son Ramses find themselves caught up in an intrigue at the British Museum that includes a haunted mummy case, supernatural curses, and a lunatic murderer
 id : 244766 ISBN : 0743485114  | name : Star Trek: Signature Edition: Pantheon  |  description : The Star Trek: Signature Edition series continues with this thrilling adventure featuring Commander Spock, Captain Kirk, and the U.S.S. Enterprise. From Earth to the edge of our galaxy and beyond, from the early days of warp flight to the latter half of the twenty-fourth century, humankind and its alien partners in the Federation have looked to their heroes to expand the limits of their knowledge. And as each generation's pantheon of heroes has passed on into legend, a new generation has risen to take its place. So it was with the crew of the S.S. Valiant, the first Earth vessel to cross the galactic barrier. So it was with the crew of the Starship Stargazer and her fledgling commander, Captain Jean-Luc Picard. And so it was with the U.S.S. Enterprise NCC-1701-D, the flagship of Starfleet, which Picard commanded with wisdom and temperate maturity. Over the years, Fate has woven the voyages of these three vessels into a vivid skein of treachery and sacrifice, hardship and determination, tragedy and courage—each step of the way demonstrating the immeasurable worth of the flawed but farseeing heroes who commanded them.
 id : 244767 ISBN : 0446605468  | name : The Neutronium Alchemist  |  description : The future of humanity is in doubt when the minds of those long dead begin taking over the bodies of the living, forcing one man to search for a lost doomsday machine
 id : 244768 ISBN : 0590408364  | name : The New Kid on the Block  |  description : Humorous poems about such strange creatures and people as Baloney Belly Billy and the Gloopy Gloopers.
 id : 244769 ISBN : 0061061492  | name : The Dream Horse  |  description : When her family returns to the U.S. after living in Belgium for years, Miranda buys a horse, an old jumper, and finds herself falling for the former owner, a rebellious outsider named Gray. Original.
 id : 244770 ISBN : 0061084573  | name : Callie's Honor  |  description : After her husband's unmourned death Callie Lambert looked forward to peaceful years of hard work on her isolated Oregon ranch, doing things her way. Yet all too soon a stranger shows up, a man who slowly chips away at her facade and turns her dreams of solitude upside down.
 id : 244771 ISBN : 037328943X  | name : Silent Knight  |  description : Silent Knight by Tori Phillips released on Oct 25, 1996 is available now for purchase.
 id : 244772 ISBN : 0821736604  | name : Love's Magic Spell  |  description : Determined to put a stop to the charlatan who has been conning wealthy New York matrons, New York City Detective Stephen Hawke begins his investigation and falls for Lauren Stanton, the British-born companion of one of the con man's victims. Original.
 id : 244773 ISBN : 0764551124  | name : Mutual Funds For Dummies  |  description : This revised and updated edition contains all new market data and analysis about the every-changing world of mutual funds. Tyson takes the fear out of making investment decisions by offering savvy advice on choosing the mutual fund that is right for one's income, lifestyle, and financial needs. Cartoons & charts.
 id : 244774 ISBN : 157392797X  | name : Close Encounters with the Religious Right  |  description : Boston (assistant director of communications for Americans United for Separation of Church and State) explains the activities of various organizations and individuals active in the American religious right movement. Separate chapters are devoted to D. James Kennedy, the Christian Coalition, Jerry Falwell, the Promise Keepers, John Whitehead and the Rutherford Institute, Dr. James Dobson, and the Family Research Council. Boston asserts that reports of the movements death have been greatly exaggerated and details the political and social goals of the organizations and people covered. Annotation copyrighted by Book News, Inc., Portland, OR
 id : 244777 ISBN : 0743419235  | name : The Brave and the Bold  |  description : The last of the four Zalkat Union artifacts have been located and the deadly weapons--which can control planetary weather and human thought--have been turned against the Federation. It's up to the captains and crews of the Federation starships "Enterprise" and "Hood, " and the Klingon ship "Gorkon" to halt the seemingly unstoppable death and destruction. Original.
 id : 244778 ISBN : 0312954255  | name : No One Dies in Branson  |  description : Covering the Country Music Awards for her newspaper, reporter Emily Stone is horrified when aspiring young singing star Stella Love falls to her death from a balcony, and Emily realizes that the fall was not accidental. Reprint.
 id : 244779 ISBN : 0310984238  | name : Daily Praise  |  description : In the midst of our hurried lives, we often find it hard to slow down and really concentrate on God and all the wonderful blessings he gives. With this gift book you can easily spend a few minutes each day meditating on all the wonderful names of God and the attributes they show us. Knowing all about the awesome nature of God will help you praise him every day. Enhance your life with worship anytime, anywhere with this handy, go-anywhere book!
 id : 244781 ISBN : 0821413740  | name : Memphis Tennessee Garrison  |  description : Originally recorded at Marshall University in 1969, Memphis Tennessee Garrison's memoirs tell of her life, her career as a teacher, and her political activities in the early civil rights movement. Based on those recordings, this book describes her childhood in Gary, a West Virginian coal mining town populated largely by black and immigrant workers. It also describes her participation in the NAACP, bringing black performers to the area in the 1920s, starting a Girl Scout troop for black girls in the 1950s, and serving on the NAACP's board of directors in the 1960s. c. Book News Inc.
 id : 244782 ISBN : 1575664135  | name : Movie Cat  |  description : Bookstore owner Penelope Warren investigates the murder of a film director, killed on location in Arizona. Helping her is her cat, Mycroft.
 id : 244783 ISBN : 0766601315  | name : Ready Readers  |  description : Written especially for children who are getting ready to read or are beginning to read on their own.
 id : 244786 ISBN : 0679887547  | name : Tickle Me, Elmo!  |  description : Elmo tries to describe a tickle.
 id : 244787 ISBN : 0805210156  | name : I Never Saw Another Butterfly  |  description : Fifteen thousand children under the age of fifteen passed through the Terezin Concentration Camp. Fewer than 100 survived. In these poems and pictures drawn by the young inmates, we see the daily misery of these uprooted children, as well as their hopes and fears, their courage and optimism. 60 color illustrations.
 id : 244788 ISBN : 0804110506  | name : JG 26  |  description : This is the story of the JG 26 pilots, or "Abbeville Kids." A microcosm of World War II exists in the rise and fall of this famous fighter wing--whose slashing attacks always seemed to come from the best position--from its founding during Hitler's military buildup, through its glory days in the first years of the war--when its bases in northen France were to be avoided at all costs--right up to the grim, final hours of the Third Reich.
 id : 244789 ISBN : 0451209184  | name : Rapid Fire  |  description : Across the globe, below the radar, Major Joe Mears leads Leopard-I, an elite team of American Special Operations. In the face of any threat, domestic or international they're ready to risk their lives for freedom.
 id : 244790 ISBN : 0441003214  | name : Happy Policeman  |  description : Six years ago, the world ended. But in Coomey, Texas, life goes on. The alien Torku keep things moving with gasoline, VCRs, Twinkies, and cryptic advice. But after six years of living within the confines of the Line--the Paisley barrier erected by the Torku--even a small town can go stir crazy. Crazy enough to covet. Crazy enough to kill.
 id : 244791 ISBN : 0805044035  | name : The Boys  |  description : Relates the experiences of a group of Jews, male and female, from Poland and Hungary who survived the concentration camps as teenagers.
 id : 244792 ISBN : 0670876682  | name : The Joy in Loving  |  description : Collection of thoughts of Mother Teresa, b. 1910; also includes brief biography.
 id : 244793 ISBN : 0152010599  | name : Mr. Putter and Tabby Row the Boat  |  description : Mr. Putter and Tabby beat the heat on a picnic with spunky Mrs. Teaberry and her dog, Zeke.
 id : 244796 ISBN : 0883684977  | name : There Were Two Trees in the Garden  |  description : In the midst of conflict between the kingdoms of this world and the kingdom of God, you can overcome sin and glorify the Lord with your life.
 id : 244797 ISBN : 1878327305  | name : God Meant it for Good  |  description : British pastor R.T. Kendall analyzes the Old Testament story of Joseph to bring comfort and hope to those who have been misused, falsely accused, humiliated, abandoned, or otherwise afflicted by showing how God can turn evil to good.
 id : 244798 ISBN : 0743453360  | name : How to Practice  |  description : Divided into a series of distinct steps that will lead spiritual seekers toward enlightenment, How to Practice is a constant companion in the quest to practice morality, meditation, and wisdom.
 id : 244799 ISBN : 0345337719  | name : The Garfield Trivia Book  |  description : A collection of 300 questions and answers focusing on the Garfield comic strips and television specials.
 id : 244800 ISBN : 0874068479  | name : Big, Bad Bugs  |  description : An introduction to the world of bugs.
 id : 244801 ISBN : 1564587290  | name : Great Hunters  |  description : This series combines words and pictures to bring a wide variety of subjects to life. Children can learn about space, experience life on the American frontier, or discover the world of inventions.
 id : 244802 ISBN : 0373223145  | name : Hot Blooded  |  description : Hot Blooded by Carly Bishop released on Jan 25, 1995 is available now for purchase.
 id : 244803 ISBN : 0373825242  | name : Everybody's Talkin'  |  description : Everybody's Talkin' by Barbara Kaye released on Dec 24, 1993 is available now for purchase.
 id : 244804 ISBN : 0373825218  | name : Guitars, Cadillacs  |  description : Guitars, Cadillacs by Cara West released on Sep 24, 1993 is available now for purchase.
 id : 244805 ISBN : 0375804595  | name : Fun with 1 2 3  |  description : Kids can find hidden numbers, make their way through number-shaped mazes, and finish fun puzzles and pictures in this educational activity book. Look for Elmo, Big Bird, Ernie, Bert, and more friends. Illustrations by Matt Stoddart. Cover illustration by Joe Mathieu.
 id : 244806 ISBN : 0307115496  | name : Elmo Can-- Quack Like a Duck  |  description : Elmo imitates animal sounds.
 id : 244807 ISBN : 0816745412  | name : 100 Days of Fun at School  |  description : On the 100th day of school, the children get to do many special activities.
 id : 244809 ISBN : 0375801332  | name : Happy Grouchy Day  |  description : Grizzy isn't like the other grouches. She's too nice and gets kicked out of class for lacking proper grouchy manners! But with a little help from Elmo and Oscar, Grizzy discovers that she can be a good grouch after all!
 id : 244810 ISBN : 0805416889  | name : WWJD Today?  |  description : A collection of devotional readings and Bible verses presenting the life of Jesus as a blueprint for daily choices made by Christians, in such areas as thankfulness, popularity, generosity, and obeying God's will.
 id : 244813 ISBN : 080213808X  | name : Commander of the Exodus  |  description : A vivid reconstruction of the voyage of the Exodus recalls the extraordinary journey of 24,000 Holocaust survivors who ran a British blockade to reach Palestine aboard a ship. Reprint.
 id : 244817 ISBN : 0786815604  | name : It Happened in the White House It Happened Inside the White House  |  description : This collection of extraordinary tales presents some fun, little-known facts about the White House, including the fact that Thomas Jefferson stored prehistoric bones from the Lewis and Clark expedition in the East Room. Children can also read about the rumors of hauntings of some of the bedrooms.
 id : 244818 ISBN : 1585740497  | name : Disaster at the Pole  |  description : In 1926, General Umberto Nobile gained acclaim by crossing the Pole in a dirigible, and in 1926 took a dirigible to the North Pole to land a scientific research team. The ship crashed on the return flight, hundreds of miles from help. This account tells of the crash and the international efforts to rescue the explorers, bringing to life the struggles of the survivors, the heroism and tragedy of rescuers, and political intrigue surrounding the adventure. Cross, a former editor at Life, runs an editorial consulting and writing firm. The book is not indexed. Annotation copyrighted by Book News Inc., Portland, OR
 id : 244819 ISBN : 0874779510  | name : Reclaim Your Health  |  description : readers will discover how others have fought back against the same diseases they're facing now. And they will learn, as others who have reclaimed their health have, how to stimulate the body's native healing and immune systems.
 id : 244820 ISBN : 0785212582  | name : Restoring and Renewing the People of God  |  description : In this study of the books of Ezra and Nehemiah, you'll see why worship should be the first priority in everything you do. You'll see that even in your seasons of waiting and delay, God's promises never die.
 id : 244821 ISBN : 0830723897  | name : Go and Sin No More  |  description : Bill Bright, Founder and President Campus Crusade for Christ International.
 id : 244822 ISBN : 0736908498  | name : The Divine Invitation  |  description : "I want to be obsessed with Him so that the things that don't matter, won't matter. I want to be inwardly at rest." From that heart cry, McVey experienced an invitation into intimacy with God.
 id : 244823 ISBN : 0385472374  | name : His Holiness  |  description : Recounts the life, religious career, and political influence of Pope John Paul II, discussing his political views and role within the Church
 id : 244824 ISBN : 0373164548  | name : Once Upon a Time  |  description : Once Upon A Time by Rebecca Flanders released on Jul 24, 1992 is available now for purchase.
 id : 244825 ISBN : 0373165404  | name : Jenny and the Fortune Hunter  |  description : Jenny And The Fortune Hunter by Cathy Gillen Thacker released on Apr 22, 1994 is available now for purchase.
 id : 244826 ISBN : 0373705425  | name : Worth the Wait  |  description : Worth The Wait by Risa Kirk released on Feb 22, 1993 is available now for purchase.
 id : 244827 ISBN : 037370559X  | name : Flashfire  |  description : Flashfire by Judith Arnold released on Jun 24, 1993 is available now for purchase.
 id : 244828 ISBN : 0373165560  | name : Love Potion #5  |  description : Love Potion #5 by Cathy Gillen Thacker released on Aug 25, 1994 is available now for purchase.
 id : 244830 ISBN : 0373026536  | name : Don't Call it Love  |  description : Don't Call It Love by Lindsay Armstrong released on Sep 24, 1984 is available now for purchase.
 id : 244831 ISBN : 0373705670  | name : Yesterday's Secrets  |  description : Yesterday's Secrets by Tara Taylor Quinn released on Aug 25, 1993 is available now for purchase.
 id : 244832 ISBN : 0373705662  | name : Courage, My Love  |  description : Courage, My Love by Lynn Leslie released on Aug 25, 1993 is available now for purchase.
 id : 244833 ISBN : 037370545X  | name : Snap Judgement  |  description : Snap Judgement by Sandra Canfield released on Feb 22, 1993 is available now for purchase.
 id : 244834 ISBN : 0375804080  | name : Rise and Shine  |  description : Waking up in Sesame Street and doing everyday activities.
 id : 244838 ISBN : 0812046420  | name : Where Does Water Come From?  |  description : Calvin shows how much water there is on the earth, how wells are dug to bring it out of the ground, and how water treatment plants work.
 id : 244842 ISBN : 0757301053  | name : Saving Money with the Tightwad Twins  |  description : While other books give advice about money markets and outwitting the stock market, Saving Money with the Tightwad Twins gives advice to the struggling woman on a really, really tight budget. She is the forgotten woman of "little time and no dime." She may be single, married, a career woman or a stay-at-home mom, but whoever she is, she is looking for easy ways to organize her life and save money. In this no-nonsense book by identical twin sisters Ann Fox Chodakowski and Susan Fox Wood, the Tightwad Twins, women will learn how to reduce or eliminate bills and manage and organize their homes. This "common cents"knowledge will revolutionize the way women look at money; for instance nearly everything can be recycled: Make a coffee table from an old window, door or board. Add bricks or flowerpots for legs. Cut a slit in the shape of an X in an empty prescription bottle for a traveling toothbrush holder. Use soda-pop can tabs for picture hangers. Glue to the back of picture frame with just the top of the clip showing so as to nail easily to the wall. A candle placed in a cheese or vegetable grater looks fabulous at night. Tie the top with a red ribbon to make it even more festive. The tighwad twins also timesaving forms, quick-and-easy recipes for no-fuss, cheap meals, and lists of organizations that give away freebies. In no time at all, readers will reap the benefits of thriftiness and find time to enjoy their newfound financial freedom. "These twins really know their stuff!" - Maury Povich "The twins are masters at saving money." - The National Enquirer "These twins do a great job: humorous, but insightful on ways to save money and reuse everything!" -Crook and Chase
 id : 244843 ISBN : 0671633996  | name : Handling Sin  |  description : This rollicking odyssey sweeps across the South, as a reluctant Quixote-like North Carolinian is forced on an uproarious quest by his eccentric runaway father. Malone is the acclaimed author of "Uncivil Seasons" and "First Lady".
 id : 244844 ISBN : 0451150031  | name : The Guarded Heart  |  description : Falling in love with the Duke of Graves, Erica Stone, a recent widow, agrees to his request that she becomes a spy
 id : 244846 ISBN : 0764550152  | name : Bridge For Dummies  |  description : You can play bridge all over the world, and wherever you go, you can make new friends automatically by starting up a game of bridge. What exactly is it about bridge that fascinates countless millions, has fascinated countless millions, and will continue to fascinate countless millions? In a nutshell, Bridge is a social game: You play with a partner and two opponents. Right off the bat you have four people together. Inevitably, you meet a host of new friends with a strong common bond, the game of bridge. Bridge is a challenging game: Each hand is an adventure; each hand presents a unique set of conditions that you react to and solve. You have to do a little thinking. Bridge is a game of psychology: If you fancy yourself a keen observer of human behavior, look no further. You have found your niche. Players aren’t supposed to show any emotion during the play, but there are always a few leaks in the dam. Bridge is fun: Hours become minutes! Playing bridge can mean endless hours of pleasure, a host of new friends, and many laughs. If you’re an absolute bridge beginner, you need the hand-held tour of the game that Bridge For Dummies can give you. Take your time getting to know the fundamentals, carefully examine the real-life examples, and get a feel for the basics before you start to play. Even if you have played bridge before, this book still has much to offer you. Author Eddie Kantar condenses his fifty years of experience with the game into tips and hints that can make you a better player. Start with a birds-eye view of bridge and begin with techniques for taking tricks in a notrump contract. Move on from there to cover the following aspects of the game and more: Counting and taking sure tricks Working with trump suits Finessing for extra winners Grasping the importance of bidding Knowing when to pass and when to rebid Slam bidding Keeping score Playing defense After you play a few hands, you may find that you can’t stop playing bridge. If this happens, call a doctor – you may be a bridgeaholic. The only cure for your addiction is play, play, play. In order to satisfy your craving for bridge, Bridge For Dummies will help you connect with bridge clubs, tournaments, computerized games, and even online partnerships.
 id : 244847 ISBN : 068484138X  | name : Our Sacred Honor  |  description : The stories, songs, letters, and speeches collected in Our Sacred Honor are an inspiring celebration of American exceptionalism, produced by a collection of exceptional Americans.
 id : 244848 ISBN : 0395739187  | name : The Education of Oscar Fairfax  |  description : A novel of manners featuring an upper-class Wasp. He is Oscar Fairfax, a Wall Street attorney whose grandfather was an Episcopal bishop. He went to Yale, travelled a great deal, is well-read and has no complexes about his money or his values. By the author of Tales of Yesteryear.
 id : 244849 ISBN : 051770854X  | name : The Calling  |  description : In the tradition of the bestselling "The Cloister Walk", Whitney's narrative of her personal journey inside a Dominican community is a moving and revealing portrait of a contemporary religious order.
 id : 244850 ISBN : 0140056459  | name : The Lion in the North  |  description : The immense history of Scotland reads like a Hollywood script. Starting with the pre-Celtic people called the Picts - and ending in modern time, Prebble does a superb job of walking us through the arousing array of peoples that make up the modern Scot. If you love this beautiful land, as I do, then you'll devour this book as if it was a novel. I was left a bit empty at how fast we went from Pictish to Scottish - with very little written and discussed on the pre-Scottish tribes that gave Rome so many headaches.
 id : 244853 ISBN : 0312860080  | name : A Tremor in the Bitter Earth  |  description : Gaultry Blas, the young sorceress introduced in Wind from a Foreign Sky, captures an assassin to prevent the death of her beloved prince, but finds his imperial employers harder, and more dangerous, to stop.
 id : 244854 ISBN : 0061012963  | name : Bad Karma  |  description : Psychic Cleo Tyler puts on a convincing fanfare in helping a town find its missing key. But her swindle is about to be revealed by the local cop, Daniel Sinclair. Past secrets, love, and an unsolved murder come between both of their plans and throw them into unforeseen danger. Has Cleo's smokescreen inadvertently shed light on a long-forgotten mystery?
 id : 244858 ISBN : 0446606790  | name : The High House  |  description : When, as a child, Carter Anderson loses his father's key ring which holds the keys to doors in the High House--a place which controls the balance of the universe--it has disastrous effects when a sinister group of anarchists gain access to the House
 id : 244859 ISBN : 0061084484  | name : Unforgotten  |  description : A modern-day businessman finds personal redemption and the love of a lifetime when he is swept back to medieval England in this breathtaking time travel romance.
 id : 244862 ISBN : 0762411236  | name : Mister Rogers' Playtime  |  description : Encourage Your Child to Create, Explore, and Pretend with Dozens of Nurturing and Easy-to-Do Activities This lively volume from the man described on National Public Radio as "the best friend America's families ever had" is packed with more than 80 entertaining games and activities through which parents can encourage children ages 3 to 7 to learn and grow -- and have fun doing it. It offers clear, accessible illustrations along with stimulating activities to help kids explore dramatic play, creation, sensation, self-expression, nature, feelings, science, helping, sharing, and other areas. It also presents helpful parenting advice and explanations of the skills developed through each activity.
 id : 244863 ISBN : 0380788225  | name : Death Flips Its Lid  |  description : New York milliner and amateur sleuth Brenda Midnight goes into action to find a killer when her ex-husband, Nado, and best friend, Lance Chapoppel, become prime suspects in the murder of a man who had been having an affair with Lance's wife and whose body turns up in Lance's garage next to Nado's van. Original.
 id : 244864 ISBN : 0821752634  | name : Dead End  |  description : Max Frame risks eternal damnation to venture into The Waste, a desolate place in which the dead are doomed to wander for all eternity, to save his beloved dead girlfriend, Shanifa. Original.
 id : 244865 ISBN : 0786010827  | name : Road Kill  |  description : Twenty-six true-life cases from the files of True Detective magazine document the horrific crimes of such psychopaths as Spencer Corey Goodman, a martial arts expert who killed a beauty queen for her Cadillac, and Keith Allen Brown, a depraved cab driver who crushed a helpless woman to death with his car. Reissue.
 id : 244869 ISBN : 0373614403  | name : Killpoint  |  description : Joining efforts to counteract a worldwide eruption of KGB mole assassination attempts, Mack Bolan, the Stony Man force, and the Able and Phoenix strike teams seek to rescue a defector and discover who is behind the uprising. Original.
 id : 244870 ISBN : 0140131221  | name : Miles from Nowhere  |  description : Duncan takes readers on an exploration of the fifteen Western states that constitute the modern "frontier", covering little known chapters in American history and meeting the modern-day pioneers who live there now. "A thoughtful, thematic analysis".--Alberquerque Journal. 16 pages of photos.
 id : 244871 ISBN : 0717282546  | name : Disney's Year Book 1991  |  description : Contains short articles on a variety of topics plus excerpts from several Disney stories.
 id : 244873 ISBN : 0689816359  | name : Oceans and Other Fun Things  |  description : This book shows where five oceans are located, where paper comes from, how hikes can be fun, and why we need clocks and watches.
 id : 244874 ISBN : 0375803777  | name : Happy Halloween!  |  description : Elmo and all his friends on Sesame Street get their costumes ready for a night of trick-or-treating--not to mention a big party!
 id : 244875 ISBN : 0698116488  | name : The Legend of Sleepy Hollow  |  description : Washington Irving's classic tale of romantic schoolmaster Ichabod Crane and his terrifying encounter with the Headless Horseman is given new life in this edition, featuring the richly detailed, one-of-a-kind folk illustrations of Will Moses.
 id : 244876 ISBN : 0679878637  | name : Grover, Messenger of Love  |  description : Grover serves as a messenger of love for a prince and princess separated by a garden wall.
 id : 244878 ISBN : 0395605741  | name : News from the Border  |  description : A mother recounts the complexity, heartbreak, and drama of raising and attempting to understand a developmentally disabled child, while her son provides a look into his own troubled world
 id : 244880 ISBN : 0312284276  | name : Kill Duck Before Serving: Red Faces at The New York Times  |  description : An irresistible collection of notable errors from the pages of "The New York Times" includes everything from flopped photos to historical inaccuracies, glaring misidentifications, and disastrous recipes. Line drawings throughout.
 id : 244881 ISBN : 1558530924  | name : Minnesota Trivia  |  description : Minnesota Trivia is the who, what, when, where, and how book of the great state of Minnesota. Filled with interesting questions and answers about well-known and not-so-well-known facts of this colorful, historic state, Minnesota Trivia will provide hours of entertainment and education. It focuses on the history, culture, people, and places of the fascinating North Star State.
 id : 244882 ISBN : 0394800907  | name : The Bears' Christmas  |  description : There's a whole lot to learn one Christmas morning in Bear Country when Papa Bear teaches his son a thing or two about skiing, skating, and sledding. Illustrations.
 id : 244883 ISBN : 0671655809  | name : Mindspan  |  description : A poor ambassador of Earth learns that there's a time to be diplomatic--and a time when good old human cunning is the only alternative, when he comes up against an alien race whose weapons are meaner than his. "Dickson . . . has a flair for creating aliens that are really ALIEN--not just folks in funny suits".--The Reader's Guide to Science Fiction.
 id : 244884 ISBN : 0786834021  | name : Disney's Americana Storybook Collection  |  description : Three cheers for the red, white and blue! This beautifully illustrated volume features seventeen Disney classics that are as all-American as Mom, apple pie, and...Mickey Mouse!
 id : 244885 ISBN : 0618065695  | name : Curious George Goes to a Costume Party  |  description : Curious George inadvertently causes a sensation at his first Halloween costume party.
 id : 244886 ISBN : 0439365562  | name : Witzy's Colors  |  description : This board book with wheel features Witzy teaching about colors.
 id : 244888 ISBN : 0439177006  | name : Scooby-Doo and the Alien Invaders  |  description : Check out these picture stories based on the bestselling Scooby direct-to-video movies.
 id : 244889 ISBN : 0316075930  | name : Raising Yoder's Barn  |  description : Eight-year-old Matthew tells what happens when a fire destroys the barn on his family's farm and all the Amish neighbors come to see how they can help.
 id : 244891 ISBN : 0679875255  | name : Daniel Faces the Lions  |  description : Tells the story of Daniel, who was forced to spend the night with several lions but was not afraid because he trusted God.
 id : 244892 ISBN : 0816763593  | name : Let's Visit an Apple Orchard!  |  description : A class trip to an apple orchard to find out where apples grow.
 id : 244893 ISBN : 0439398517  | name : Kindergarten  |  description : The Big Red Dog bounds into the workbook category to help fans build their preschool and kindergarten skills. Clifford and friends help kindergartners focus on the alphabet and simple words.
 id : 244894 ISBN : 0816762716  | name : Grumpy Bunny's Summer Vacation  |  description : The best-selling, best-loved bunny in his own series of heartwarming stories.
 id : 244895 ISBN : 042517784X  | name : Aniela Kaminski's Story  |  description : Aniela and her father leave Poland to escape the Nazis and arrive in America ready to reach for their dreams.
 id : 244896 ISBN : 0671024949  | name : The Secrets of Star Trek  |  description : An in-depth look at the making of one of the most eagerly anticipated films of the year, featuring interviews with all the major actors and guest-stars, including Patrick Stewart and actor/director Jonathan Frakes; as well as key production personnel including executive producer Rick Berman and screenwriter Michael Piller for an intimate, behind-the-scenes experience.
 id : 244898 ISBN : 0380803569  | name : Hatful of Homicide  |  description : Greenwich Village milliner Brenda Midnight gets a call saying that her exotic friend, Dweena, has been heisted by a sleazy ambassador who is accused of murder. While trying to rescue her friend, Brenda is about to uncover some secrets that could bring them both more trouble than they bargained for.
 id : 244899 ISBN : 0786705159  | name : A Mansion and Its Murder  |  description : In 19th century England, a banker's daughter enters into a marriage of convenience with a landowner. He is after her money, she is after entry to the landed gentry. Niece Sarah tells who came out on top and who finished dead.
 id : 244900 ISBN : 0380798441  | name : Deadly Harvest  |  description : A dedicated Jesuit priest, Father Mark Townsend is closely involved with the people of St. Joseph, and the young parishioner's letter sounds desperate. Angelina Sandoval Ybarra is a journalist writing a story about the mysterious end-of-the-world preacher Brother Gabriel, and Father Mark loses no time in heading for Yakima Valley where the faithful are gathering. Brother Gabriel's preaching has drawn flocks of converts, many from the Catholic church. There have been tales of visions of the Virgin Mary, the second coming of Christ, and the Rapture that has already begun. Most disturbing is the mysterious disappearance of dozens of Latino farm workers, supposedly "raptured up into heaven" from a locked room in a sealed building. The priest believes the new religion has all the earmarks of a scam-perhaps a deadly one. And as he digs deeper into the dark mysteries that surround the preacher and his followers, Father Townsend discovers his fears are well founded. For while the believers pray for salvation, someone has made murder a part of the creed.and there's no way to tell the saints from the sinners.
 id : 244901 ISBN : 030730261X  | name : Ready, Set, Go!  |  description : Count down from ten to one as one-by-one the runners in the first annual Sesame Street race drop out.
 id : 244904 ISBN : 0312269706  | name : Above the Clouds  |  description : When Anatoli Boukreev died on the slopes of Annapurna on Christmas day, 1997, the world lost one of the greatest adventurers of our time. In Above the Clouds, both the man and his incredible climbs on Mt. McKinley, K2, Makalu, Manaslu, and Everest-including his diary entries on the infamous 1996 disaster, written shortly after his return-are immortalized. There also are minute technical details about the skill of mountain climbing, as well as personal reflections on what life means to someone who risks it every day. Fully illustrated with gorgeous color photos, Above the Clouds is a unique and breathtaking look at the world from its most remote peaks.
 id : 244905 ISBN : 0140299645  | name : A Positively Final Appearance  |  description : A New York Times Notable Book from an Oscar award-winning icon. These journal entries are comprised of Sir Alec Guinness’s observations on Britain during the tumultuous times of Princess Diana’s death and the election of Tony Blair, and comments on his quintessentially English country life with his wife. Written from the summer of 1996 through 1998, A Positively Final Appearance is a follow-up to the best-selling My Name Escapes Me. Guinness offers frank (and surprising) reflections on the effects of appearing in the Star Wars films, and both hilarious and poignant memories of such well-known performers as Humphrey Bogart and Noel Coward. This delightful, humorous journal is a wonderful legacy from a beloved actor. “Sly, witty, elegant . . . buoyant, vivid, and brave.”—The New York Times Book Review “Simply, deliciously funny.”—The Washington Post “Reading Guinness is like finally sitting down and soaking in the wisdom of the grandparent you never seem to have time for. And we may never see the likes of him again.”—Chicago Sun-Times
 id : 244906 ISBN : 0446528242  | name : Sister Genevieve  |  description : Describes how one determined nun battled the Catholic Church, the IRA, and the British Army to create Saint Louise's School, which provided a safe haven for a generation of girls growing up in Belfast during the late 1960s and 1970s.
 id : 244907 ISBN : 0789480344  | name : K.I.S.S. Guide to Yoga  |  description : Introduces yoga including information about the ancient beginnings of yoga, major forms of yoga today, and types of meditation.
 id : 244908 ISBN : 0679734678  | name : The Hospice Movement  |  description : A revised edition of the classic report on hospice communities includes information on pain and symptom management, and new material on the hospice community's response to the AIDS crisis
 id : 244909 ISBN : 0553296140  | name : Stolen Away  |  description : When Charles Lindbergh's baby son is kidnapped, one man searches for the truth against an historical backdrop peopled with such figures as Al Capone, Bruno Richard Hauptmann, and Eliot Ness. Reprint.
 id : 244911 ISBN : 0486405893  | name : How to Draw Insects  |  description : An easy-to-follow guide with step-by-step illustrations to create the likenesses of 30 different insects, from a grasshopper, monarch butterfly, caterpillar, walkingstick to ants, and wasps.
 id : 244912 ISBN : 0689850271  | name : A Charlie Brown Thanksgiving  |  description : Charlie Brown is in a dilemma when Peppermint Patty invites herself and several friends to his house for Thanksgiving dinner.
 id : 244913 ISBN : 0486295354  | name : Dot-to-Dot  |  description : 20 large size, simply drawn illustrations invite youngsters to connect the dots and create pictures of a snail, bunny, bird, star and other subjects.
 id : 244914 ISBN : 0486403556  | name : Peter Cottontail Dot-to-Dot  |  description : 30 engaging dot-to-dot pictures—all colorable—depict Buster Bear, Jimmy Skunk, Little Joe Otter, Danny Meadow Mouse and a host of other inhabitants of the Green Forest and Smiling Pool. Hours of fun for young puzzle solvers.
 id : 244915 ISBN : 0486413098  | name : Shapes Dot-to-Dot  |  description : Large format coloring book helps youngsters identify common shapes and develop eye-hand coordination and number recognition skills. Children connect dots to form a circus wagon (rectangle), igloo (semicircle), ice cream cone (triangle), as well as a crescent, arrow, star, heart and 23 other interesting shapes. Includes identifying captions.
 id : 244916 ISBN : 0763615404  | name : Ginger  |  description : When Ginger the cat gets fed up with dealing with his owner's new kitten, it takes drastic measures to make the two of them friends. On board pages.
 id : 244917 ISBN : 0789457113  | name : Holiday!  |  description : Describes special events from around the world with the history and traditions that make the holidays memorable, such as Chinese New Year and Valentine's Day.
 id : 244918 ISBN : 0380812886  | name : The Beyond  |  description : The chilling final chapter in the author's World Fantasy Award-winning allegorical fantasy trilogy brings readers to the end of creation, where the protagonist, the lone survivor of the Well-Built City, struggles to maintain his humanity. By the author of The Physiognomy and Memoranda. Reprint. 25,000 first printing.
 id : 244923 ISBN : 0812570804  | name : 1949  |  description : 1949 tells the story of Ireland's progress as seen through the eyes of one woman, from the bitter aftermath of civil war to the controversial dawn of a modern state. Ursula Halloran, the daughter of a famous revolutionary, comes of age in the turbulent 1920s. An education in Switzerland broadens her world view, but Ireland has become a repressive Catholic state where women are second-class citizens. Married women cannot hold jobs and divorce is illegal. Fighting against the stifling constraints of church and state, Ursula forges an exciting career in the fledgling Irish radio service. Her life is torn apart when she finds herself caught between two men who love her in very different ways. Refusing to surrender her hard-won independence to marriage, or her illegitimate infant to an orphanage, she flees to Europe to bear her child. There she takes a job with the League of Nations and is caught up in the terrifying outbreak of World War II. Hard decisions and desperate situations stand between her and any hope of returning to the land she loves.
 id : 244925 ISBN : 031230255X  | name : Cold Burial  |  description : Recreates the ill-fated journey of three young adventurers determined to prove they could survive in the Barren Grounds of the Canadian Northwest Territories in 1926, from a journal found two years after their demise.
 id : 244926 ISBN : 0439341159  | name : The Apple Thief  |  description : When Scooby-Doo and his friends go apple picking, the fruit disappears from Shaggy's basket, they hear strange noises in the growing darkness, and get pelted by apples.
 id : 244928 ISBN : 0740733591  | name : Ten Things I Wish I'd Known - Before I Went Out Into the Real World  |  description : Broadcast journalist Maria Shriver reveals the lessons that have guided her journey as a career woman, wife, and mother. Expanded from her highly praised commencement address and best-selling book, this Little Book offers wise and wonderful advice.This Little Book has been adapted from Ten Things I Wish I'd Known-Before I Went Out into the Real World by Maria Shriver, published by Warner Books, Inc., and is published by arrangement with Warner Books. All rights reserved.
 id : 244929 ISBN : 0316525766  | name : I Love You Like Crazy Cakes  |  description : A woman describes how she went to China to adopt a special baby girl. Based on the author's own experiences. On board pages.
 id : 244930 ISBN : 0439201381  | name : After the Rain  |  description : As the end of the Civil War draws near and her family resettles in Washington, D.C., Virginia struggles with her new surroundings while coping with the assassination of Lincoln and the turbulent changes facing the country.
 id : 244931 ISBN : 0802775888  | name : Star of Fear, Star of Hope  |  description : Nine-year-old Helen is confused by the disappearance of her Jewish friend during the German occupation of Paris.
 id : 244932 ISBN : 0802775047  | name : Arctic Babies  |  description : Photographs and text describe some of the young animals that are found in the frigid Arctic regions, including moose, foxes, walrus, porcupines, reindeer, and whales.
 id : 244934 ISBN : 043944571X  | name : A Time for Courage  |  description : A diary account of thirteen-year-old Kathleen Bowen's life in Washington, D.C. in 1917, as she juggles concerns about the national battle for women's suffrage, the war in Europe, and her own school work and family. Includes a historical note.
 id : 244935 ISBN : 0375501126  | name : Lying  |  description : "Slater explores a mind, a body and a life under siege. Diagnosed as a child with a strange illness, brought up in a family given to fantasy and ambition, Lauren Slater developed seizures, auras, neurological disturbances - and an ability to lie. In Lying: A Metaphorical Memoir, Slater blends a coming-of-age story with an electrifying exploration of the nature of truth, and of whether it is ever possible to tell - or to know - the facts about a self, a human being, a life."--BOOK JACKET.Title Summary field provided by Blackwell North America, Inc. All Rights Reserved
 id : 244936 ISBN : 0316094005  | name : Gotham Tragic  |  description : Brilliantly plotted, "Gotham Tragic" is a pitch-perfect send-up of money and celebrity culture. It's not a black comedy so much as a red, white, and blue one, and the next big step forward for a writer whose gifts are as impressive as the Manhattan skyline.
 id : 244937 ISBN : 0060176490  | name : Eyeshot  |  description : Policewoman Sonora Blair interviews a woman who saw the Cincinnati district attorney commit a murder. When the woman disappears and her hands and feet are found in a garbage bag, it becomes clear to Sonora the DA is on top of the investigation and she must take another route to nab him.
 id : 244938 ISBN : 0312252285  | name : The Wedding Game  |  description : When a member of an Internet mailing group turns up dead, his peers take it upon themselves to investigate the crime, much to the annoyance of the FBI and Anneke Hagen, who is having enough trouble preparing for her wedding
 id : 244939 ISBN : 0767902459  | name : The Fisherman's Son  |  description : Drifting in a life raft off the northern California coast after a horrifying shipwreck, Neil Kruger retreats from his fear by recalling scenes from his childhood. He finds solace in memories of his father, a taciturn man who introduced him to the fisherman's life; his mother, who worked at the local cannery to keep the family fed; and a host of local fishermen, whose battles with the sea become for Neil both a model and a tragic foreshadowing of his own fate. At once a stunning evocation of a dying world and an intimate story of a troubled family, The Fisherman's Son is a triumphant and utterly authentic novel about our lifelines to childhood and the pull of the sea.
 id : 244940 ISBN : 0930044924  | name : Murder at the Nightwood Bar  |  description : Who killed Dory Quillin, a nineteen-year-old lesbian and why? The investigation of the murder is far from a simple one.
 id : 244942 ISBN : 0805067752  | name : Gone  |  description : In this erotic, emotional debut novel, a young man is torn between two cities, two cultures, and two women. Disillusioned with his marriage to the controlling Ursula, shattered by the death of his sister, and unsettled by the vandals threatening the security of his home, Stephen, a young Dubliner, moves to New York hoping to make a clean start. He is quickly swept up in an affair with Holfy, a fiercely independent woman fifteen years his senior, but before long finds himself living a divided life, unable to break his ties to Ursula, Dublin, and the past. The obsessive, intensely erotic bond with Holfy soon begins to fray, and Stephen is forced to face himself and to unravel an identity-and a home-that no longer seems to exist. Navigating a rocky journey through the labyrinth of death, desire, and the fickleness of truth, Gone combines raw emotion and sensuality with Joycean lyricism. It confirms the arrival of an exciting new talent.
 id : 244944 ISBN : 0385494114  | name : Papal Sin  |  description : An exploration of the papacy challenges the culture of deceit that surrounds the Vatican in modern times, which prevents the church from facing its own history.
 id : 244945 ISBN : 0805058338  | name : Words to Outlive Us  |  description : Publisher Description
 id : 244946 ISBN : 0804118094  | name : Hard to Forget  |  description : In the glory days of the Green Berets, he served with the very best. U.S. Army captain and Green Beret, Steven M. Yedinak, welcomes readers to the year 1966, and to the Mobile Guerrilla Force (MGF), where soldiers must prepare to be outmanned, outgunned, and deep in enemy territory, with no chance of artillery support or medevac. This is a rare firsthand account of the U.S.'s only attempt at guerrilla warfare in Vietnam.
 id : 244947 ISBN : 0785270167  | name : Only the River Runs Free  |  description : An Irish village feels suffocated by English rule, until a stranger appears on Christmas Eve, setting off a chain of events that will forever change the lives of the village's inhabitants.
 id : 244948 ISBN : 0804108536  | name : Dear Mom  |  description : The letters Joseph War, one of the elite Marine Scout Snipers, wrote home reveal a side of the Vietnam war seldom seen. Whether under nigthly mortar attack in An Hoa, with a Marine company in the bullet-scarred jungle, on secret missions to Laos, or on dangerous two-man hunter-kills, Ward lived the war in a way few men did. And he fought the enemy as few men did--up close and personal. A Dual Main Selection of the Military Book Club
 id : 244949 ISBN : 0140133933  | name : Natural Enemy  |  description : Detective-professor Homer Kelly is drawn into the strange events that occur after two young sisters inherit their fine, old--and widely coveted--family home
 id : 244950 ISBN : 1575843102  | name : My Tooth is Loose  |  description : Ben is anxiously waiting for his loose tooth to fall out so he can be like the other kids in his class.
 id : 244953 ISBN : 0689840055  | name : Kitten's Christmas  |  description : It's Christmas Eve and this little kitten is having a ball in this reissued board book that is one inch taller and wider and features a new cover. Full-color illustrations.
 id : 244959 ISBN : 0816763399  | name : Wednesday Is Spaghetti Day  |  description : After her unsuspecting owners leave for work and school, Catrina invites the neighborhood cats over for a festive Italian meal.
 id : 244961 ISBN : 0373263392  | name : Deadbeat  |  description : Private eye Angela Matelli has little time for lasagna and blind dates. She is investigating a deadly case of credit card fraud. As soon as Angela puts a name and face to the scam, the suspect turns up dead. Angela must hunt down a ruthless killer who's got a score to settle. Martin's Press.
 id : 244962 ISBN : 0373264569  | name : In and Out  |  description : When the body a member of the local pub's darts team is found bludgeoned to death during a night of celebration over a championship game, Detective Inspector Don Packham and his partner, DC Frank Mitchell, accept an unspoken challenge from a clever killer.
 id : 244963 ISBN : 188731721X  | name : Will to Murder  |  description : For the first time, the story of the Glensheen killings and the crimes and trials surrounding Marjorie Caldwell Hagen, is told through the eyes of former Duluth Police detective Gary Waller and St. Louis County Prosecutor John DeSanto, the men who led the investigation and prosecution of Marjorie and her husband, Roger Caldwell.
 id : 244965 ISBN : 0783884060  | name : Involvement in Austria  |  description : A quiet run through the Austrian forests on the rim of the Iron Curtain might seem a pleasant way to spend a holiday, unless your name is Jonathan Blake. First, not far along the road, a car pulls alongside -- spraying bullets. A beat-the-train chase across the railroad tracks cuts off his pursuer, but only for minutes. Then, a game of cat-and-mouse begins, and the cats are very beautiful. But Blake can't get away from them . . . every time he tries, they point their guns at him.
 id : 244966 ISBN : 0140108726  | name : The Kentish Manor Murders  |  description : Asked to give a private performance at an eccentric millionaire's impenetrable castle, actor Sheridan Haynes stumbles upon a real murder and finds he may be the next victim
 id : 244968 ISBN : 0195142403  | name : The Nazi Persecution of the Gypsies  |  description : In 'The Nazi Persecution of the Gypsies', Guenter Lewy draws upon thousands of documents- many never before used - from German and Austrian archives to create the most comprehensive and accurate picture available of the fate of the Gypsies under the Nazi regime. Lewy traces the escalating vilification of the Gypsies as the Nazis instigated a widespread crackdown on the 'work-shy' and 'itinerants'. Exploring in heart -rending detail the fates of individual Gypsies and their families, 'The Nazi Persecution of the Gypsies' is an important contribution to our understanding of this mysterious people and all facets of Nazi terror
 id : 244969 ISBN : 0743464974  | name : The Case of the Colonist's Corpse  |  description : Cogley must defend a Klingon commander accused of murdering a Federation administrator on a hotly contested colony world.
 id : 244970 ISBN : 0060232811  | name : Earl's Too Cool for Me  |  description : The antics and adventures of cool boy Earl include riding on the Milky Way, growing a rose from his fingernails, and swinging with gorillas.
 id : 244972 ISBN : 034544311X  | name : A False Sense of Well Being  |  description : Thirty-eight-year-old Jessie Maddox faces a midlife crisis with the help of her eccentric friends and family in Glenville, Georgia.
 id : 244974 ISBN : 1885171129  | name : Calling the Midwest Home  |  description : Collects trivia about the Midwest and Midwesterners.
 id : 244975 ISBN : 030712259X  | name : Sesame Street Good Time to Eat!  |  description : Cookie Monster learns that the morning is a good time to eat breakfast, midday to eat a picnic lunch, afternoon to eat a snack, evening to eat dinner, and any time to eat cookies. On board pages.
 id : 244977 ISBN : 0425059367  | name : Masques  |  description : Steve Giroux, visiting New Orleans to forget his recently ended marriage, is caught in a bizarre web of accusation and imaginary crimes and only the help of a remarkable woman can extricate him
 id : 244978 ISBN : 0380699559  | name : Needle  |  description : John Zachary, a private investigator, strives to prove his brother's innocense before an overzealous assistant attorney general carries out Andy Zachary's death sentence in order to promote his own political career
 id : 244981 ISBN : 0345359917  | name : The Offspring  |  description : The innocent son of the demonic Simon Blackstone--who is thankfully rotting in a coffin--discovers that his father lives on inside him, and he travels to the curse's spawning ground to save his soul
 id : 244985 ISBN : 0425092089  | name : Shadow Kills  |  description : By following the plot of a mystery novel, a madman commits a double murder and then plans to kill the paraplegic ex-cop who wrote the mystery
 id : 244988 ISBN : 034531820X  | name : Angels  |  description : The odyssey of two losers--Jamie, mother of two young children, fleeing her unfaithful husband and the world by downing bottles of barbituates, and Bill Houston, a professional thief looking for a job--who find each other as they lose everything.
 id : 244990 ISBN : 0812525981  | name : Mrs. Demming and the Mythical Beast  |  description : When Larissa Demming, a seemingly happily married woman, encounters Pan, a creature sprung from the pages of Greek mythology or from her own wild yearnings, it leads her to a confrontation with her hidden past and secret desires
 id : 244993 ISBN : 0441115039  | name : A Cold Blue Light  |  description : The skeptical philosopher, Richard Creighton, and the psychic, Drew Beltane, spend the night at Aubrey House in order to discover if it is actually haunted by ghosts.
 id : 244994 ISBN : 0380573490  | name : No One Knows My Name  |  description : In a remote resort town, a summer theater group whose cast includes a vicious but clever psychopathic killer is shocked when the first unfortunate victim is found, leaving everyone suspecting everyone else
 id : 244996 ISBN : 0812525124  | name : New Moon  |  description : The west side butcher case is driving Detective-Sergeant Len Malecke crazy. He can't figure what ties the victims together, other than the fact that they are all young, female, and brutally murdered--partially dismembered. Will the next victim be Malecke's ex-wife?
 id : 244998 ISBN : 0770106161  | name : Impersonal Attractions  |  description : Recently divorced, Annie tries to find a date through the personal columns, while her friend Samantha is determined to track down a vicious murderer
 id : 245002 ISBN : 067143182X  | name : Hush, Little Baby  |  description : Amanda Whitney agrees to have a child through a surrogate mother, after five years of no success, but learns that her husband wants the child in order to fulfill requirements in his wealthy family's will
 id : 245009 ISBN : 0843928492  | name : The Sisterhood  |  description : As Judith began settling her parents' estate in California, an old friend of theirs asks Judith to join "The Circle". Curious, Judith soon learned they were dabbling in the occult and had released an evil spirit. Using various guises, it tormented Judith until she realized she must break "The Circle" or die by the forces of Hell.
 id : 245012 ISBN : 0441750184  | name : Satan's Chance  |  description : The strange events that accompany the appearance of Halley's Comet convince Simon of the truth of a prophecy of the devil coming to Earth to corrupt mankind
 id : 245013 ISBN : 0441670709  | name : The Playgroup  |  description : The four youngsters in the Playgroup seem like any other normal healthy three-year-olds until they develop some remarkable psychic powers with an extraordinary potential for terror
 id : 245017 ISBN : 1575662973  | name : Dead in the Driver's Seat  |  description : With the career of her fiance+a7, Police Chief Nick Thorn, on the line, public accountant and amateur sleuth Amanda Hazard trails a ring of car thieves and discovers some very shady deals going down at her town's only car dealership. Original.
 id : 245021 ISBN : 0425114082  | name : Red Devil  |  description : The Russians must seek help from the U.S. when a demon threatens to take control of the Soviet government
 id : 245022 ISBN : 0425133729  | name : Requiem  |  description : A boy miraculously cured of mental retardation grows up to become a master violinist while hiding the secret of his transformation--the possession of his body by a malevolent spirit. Original.
 id : 245027 ISBN : 0821747223  | name : Bitter Blood  |  description : Renegade vampire Deirdre Griffin returns to New York to take on an evil group of vampires seeking revenge for the death of their leader and using Deirdre's own former lover, Detective Mitch Greer, as bait. Original.
 id : 245028 ISBN : 0373116705  | name : Hidden Memories  |  description : Hidden Memories by Vanessa Grant released on May 25, 1994 is available now for purchase.
 id : 245031 ISBN : 0312975074  | name : The Wives of Frankie Ferraro  |  description : As Frankie Ferraro goes outside his middle-class Italian family in search of big money, status, and love, he encounters three unforgettable women who will teach him lessons about desire, fidelity, and betrayal. But only one can show him what his heart needs--the enduring power of love. Martin's Press.
 id : 245033 ISBN : 0060279176  | name : Who Bop  |  description : Hip hares and cool cats dance to the swinging music of Jazz-Bo's saxophone.
 id : 245035 ISBN : 0394894103  | name : Baby Moses  |  description : A simple retelling of the Old Testament story in which the baby Moses is floated down the river and ends up in the Pharaoh's household.
 id : 245036 ISBN : 0394834550  | name : The Little Lamb  |  description : Full-color photographs illustrate the pleasant story of a little girl and herlamb.
 id : 245037 ISBN : 0893755303  | name : Double Trouble  |  description : Twin brothers get mistaken for each other, both in helpfulness and in trouble.
 id : 245038 ISBN : 0066210798  | name : Hacker Cracker  |  description : Presents the startling, personal story a young ghetto kid from Brooklyn who became one of the world's foremost computer hackers and then, a security specialist for one of the world's top financial firms. 50,000 first printing.
 id : 245041 ISBN : 0061000981  | name : The Player of Games  |  description : Gurgeh, a champion game player, travels a hundred thousand light years to the Empire of Azad, where the winner of their complex game becomes emperor.
 id : 245042 ISBN : 0806992603  | name : Pilates for Wimps  |  description : Wimps of the World--you can work out without being embarrassed. Here is Pilates broken down and made simple for those who want to get fit without becoming a gym rat. The bestselling Wimps series shows the way to Pilates success with the help of a certified, highly experienced instructor; easy-to-follow instructions; and a wealth of detailed, encouraging photographs of ordinary, average guys and gals mastering the technique. Begin toning and reshaping your body with basic mat exercises for the stomach, back, legs, and arms, plus powerhouse moves that work each area together. Choose from a menu of different options that relieve everyday problems, including the tension that builds while sitting at a computer all day. There's even a "no time to workout" workout. Pilates is truly a body-changing experience, and with this reassuring presentation, no wimp need miss out. About the Author: Jennifer DeLuca is Director, Senior Instructor and President of BodyTonic, Inc., in Brooklyn, New York. Jennifer has been a Certified Teacher of the Pilates Method of Body Conditioning since 1995, and has trained with Joseph Pilates's famed pupil, Romana Kryzanowska and other renowned instructors. Jennifer and BodyTonic have been featured in magazines such as Self, Allure, Glamour, New Woman, and TimeOut New York.
 id : 245046 ISBN : 0373024223  | name : Captivity  |  description : Captivity by Margaret Pargeter released on Jun 24, 1981 is available now for purchase.
 id : 245047 ISBN : 0792456254  | name : Mommy for a Day  |  description : Molly becomes a "mommy" for a young Yenkara for a day.
 id : 245048 ISBN : 0865927367  | name : Understanding Parents  |  description : Moonbird helps a young runaway understand his parents better.
 id : 245049 ISBN : 0786841559  | name : What if Cruella De Vil Was Your Lunch Lady?  |  description : What would your life be like if Cruella De Ville was a part of your life?
 id : 245050 ISBN : 0307118339  | name : Tweety and Sylvester  |  description : Sylvester the Cat breaks his promise to Granny by trying to make a meal of her canary.
 id : 245051 ISBN : 0307135241  | name : Big Bird Gets Lost  |  description : While Big Bird plans a nest warming party for everyone on Sesame Street, he gets lost. A scratch 'n' sniff book. Grades K-3. 1978.
 id : 245052 ISBN : 0030710863  | name : What's a Fraggle?  |  description : Describes in rhyme the Fraggles and where they live.
 id : 245056 ISBN : 0590339087  | name : The Littles Visit the Statue of Liberty  |  description : When their balloon lands on the Statue of Liberty's crown, three miniature people meet a tiny French family living in the statue's arm.
 id : 245058 ISBN : 0590308424  | name : Cats Don't Dance  |  description : Danny, a dancing cat, tries to prove that animal performers can succeed
 id : 245059 ISBN : 0721451438  | name : Things to Wear  |  description : Labeled drawings show objects of each color of the spectrum, from a red sweater to a purple tie.
 id : 245060 ISBN : 0394882369  | name : Zachary Goes to the Zoo  |  description : Text and photographs record a child's visit to the zoo, discussing the animals he meets there.
 id : 245061 ISBN : 0373761767  | name : Cowboys, Babies and Shotgun Vows  |  description : Cowboys, Babies And Shotgun Vows by Shirley Rogers released on Aug 25, 1998 is available now for purchase.
 id : 245064 ISBN : 0553441795  | name : Jared's Lady  |  description : When his niece is lost, handsome widower Jared North joins police tracker Laurie Crawford in searching a storm-lashed forest for the girl, but he soon finds himself falling under her spell
 id : 245065 ISBN : 0373760027  | name : Baby Bonus  |  description : Baby Bonus by Amanda Kramer released on Mar 25, 1996 is available now for purchase.
 id : 245066 ISBN : 0373118384  | name : Terms of Possession  |  description : Terms Of Possession by Elizabeth Power released on Jul 25, 1996 is available now for purchase.
 id : 245067 ISBN : 0688102700  | name : Evil Intentions  |  description : The account of Suzanne Rossetti's abduction, rape, and murder by Michael David Logan and Jesse James Gillies discusses the events leading up to the crime, the hunt for the killers, and their trial. 30,000 first printing. $25,000 ad/promo.
 id : 245068 ISBN : 0446516724  | name : In the Best of Families  |  description : Reveals the true story of insanity, suicide, and matricide in the lives of Roy Miller (former personal attorney to the Reagans), his socialite wife, and his two "perfect" sons
 id : 245070 ISBN : 0152012494  | name : Oink-Ha!  |  description : Lists some things that makes pigs laugh, such as piggy banks, pigging out, and pig tails--OINK-HA!
 id : 245071 ISBN : 0843178477  | name : Shiny Fire Engine  |  description : With their head-turning, light-catching, colorful foil covers, these car-shaped board books shine just like the real thing! And the low, low sticker price delivers a lot of mileage for the buck! Sound the siren, clang the bell! Kids will take a shine to this spiffy fire truck when it's scrubbed down and revved up for a most important job.
 id : 245073 ISBN : 0671728474  | name : Time  |  description : Introduces the concept of telling time by using a clock face showing the time with an accompanying illustration of a likely activity for the hour shown. On board pages.
 id : 245074 ISBN : 0679807454  | name : Teddy Toast and 12 Other Yummy Easy Recipes You Can Make Yourself (with a Little Help from a Grownup and a Very Special Cookie Cutter!)  |  description : Provides recipes and step-by-step instructions for preparing a variety of simple, teddy bear-shaped snacks and desserts
 id : 245075 ISBN : 0874497116  | name : Toddling Terry  |  description : Take time out to picnic with Toddling Terry!
 id : 245077 ISBN : 0380704455  | name : The Fright Before Christmas  |  description : Why is Howie the puppy so scared that "a big fat man in a red suit is going to come down the chimney? Why are Harold the dog & Chester the cat hearing noises in the basement in the middle of the night? Is Bunnicula's house being invaded by Christmas ghosts?
 id : 245079 ISBN : 157082620X  | name : Disney's Pooh  |  description : Pooh and his pals count their favorite things from one to ten in ten fun, full-color board books. This shrink-wrapped set of board books fits together like a colorful puzzle. It's a fun learning tool and a great value!-3 yrs.
 id : 245081 ISBN : 0918468019  | name : The Yellow Book of Wordplay Stories  |  description : A collection of stories designed to teach the meaning of different words.
 id : 245082 ISBN : 0843951079  | name : Crisis Point  |  description : Just after the U.S. Navy ship Regulus reports an unidentified aircraft approaching with unclear intentions, nothing more is heard. Another ship is sent to investigate, but all the crew finds is the wreckage of the Regulus floating in the Persian Gulf. A terrorist attack is suspected, but as the military and intelligence community scramble for answers, more questions surface as global tensions rise.
 id : 245083 ISBN : 0874033144  | name : A Secret Birthday Gift  |  description : Jenny's friends wonder why she invited shy, quiet Susan to her birthday party, but Jenny defends her friend and receives from Susan a special birthday gift.
 id : 245084 ISBN : 0781401402  | name : Wonders of Jesus  |  description : This wonderful collection of stories about the miracles of Jesus includes more than 50 full-color stickers designed to bring each page to life.
 id : 245085 ISBN : 0553152041  | name : The Tale of Mrs. Tiggy-Winkle  |  description : Lucie finds her lost handkerchiefs at a strange washerwoman's house.
 id : 245086 ISBN : 030712097X  | name : The Story of Santa Claus  |  description : Presents the boyhood of little Claus, explaining why he became the famous figure known as Santa Claus.
 id : 245087 ISBN : 0394888723  | name : Peat Moss and Ivy Meet Santa Claws  |  description : Two chipmunks, Peat Moss and Ivy, try to make sure that their letters to Santa Claws are delivered.
 id : 245089 ISBN : 0781430534  | name : Christian's Journey  |  description : The classic Pilgrim's Progress retold for today's children! Filled with whimsical characters and adventures, this book will delight your children for years to come
 id : 245090 ISBN : 0843106425  | name : Mixed Up Max  |  description : After Max loses his glasses and tells Gertie Goose that his mop is a long-lost umbrella, their search for the spectacles begins.
 id : 245091 ISBN : 0723229503  | name : The Peter Rabbit Pop-up Book  |  description : Naughty Peter Rabbit disobeys his mother by going into Mr. McGregor's garden and almost gets caught.
 id : 245092 ISBN : 0739431412  | name : Last Dance, Last Chance  |  description : The title case is an account of the life and crimes of Dr. Anthony Pignataro, a cosmetic surgeon with a penchant for forged credentials, botched surgeries, to the attempted arsenic poisoning of his wife. Four other true cases follow.
 id : 245093 ISBN : 0394568540  | name : Death of a "Jewish American Princess"  |  description : Recounts the true story of the murder of a woman by her husband, and his acquittal due to the jury's empathy for his claim to being overwhelmed by her supposedly typical behavior as a "Jewish-American Princess."
 id : 245095 ISBN : 157566030X  | name : The Night Stalker  |  description : Based on interviews with Ramirez, an account of his crimes follows his criminal odyssey from his first brush with the law, to his Los Angeles murder spree, to the investigation that brought him to justice
 id : 245097 ISBN : 0590422324  | name : Dawn and the Impossible Three  |  description : Dawn's the newest member of the Baby-sitters Club and everybody's glad--except Kristy. Kristy thinks things were better without Dawn around. That's why Dawn's eager to take on a big baby-sitting job. It's her chance to show Kristy what she's made of.
 id : 245098 ISBN : 1570250855  | name : Heroes Among Us  |  description : "Celebrating thirty years as a Star Tribune columnist, Jim Klobuchar writes of the people who have made an indelible impression on him. During the past thirty years, Jim Klobuchar has chronicled the joys and sorrows of Minnesotans--young and old, famous and not-so-famous. Heroes Among Us tells the stories of people he cannot forget. As an adventurer, Jim has traveled the world, but right here in Minnesota, he's found extraordinary expressions of personal courage. In this book, he writes about ordinary people who live heroic lives and celebrities whose fame hides inner pain. Jim tells each of their stories honestly and with great respect. You, too, will be moved by the special people who have touched his heart"--Back cover.
 id : 245099 ISBN : 0307988805  | name : Taking Care of Mom  |  description : Sister and Brother takes care of Mom when she is sick.
 id : 245101 ISBN : 0764551345  | name : Business Writing For Dummies?  |  description : Identifies six steps of effective business writing, covering everything from getting started to proofreading; discusses letters and memos, reports, proposals, and presentations; and examines issues unique to electronic messaging.
 id : 245102 ISBN : 0151179875  | name : The Circus of the Earth and the Air  |  description : After she steps into a box and the box is set on fire, she vanishes, and by the next morning the circus itself has disappeared without a trace.
 id : 245103 ISBN : 0764552023  | name : Roses For Dummies  |  description : “American Beauty,” “Dublin Bay,” “Rocketeer,” “Betty Boop,” “High Noon,” “Pearly Gates”…with a distinctive name for each of hundreds of varieties, the array of roses that could adorn your garden is both dazzling and daunting. So which ones survive hardily on their own for weeks on end, and which ones wither and die without constant attention? How do you tell a climber from a shrub, and how does each thrive? And don’t even start with pruning! Despite all the (ahem) thorny particulars, gardeners still love to grow these beautiful flowers that would by any other name still smell as sweet. Roses for Dummies does away with the myth that roses have to be high maintenance, instead showing how to choose a type that will blossom in your care. Inside, rosarians of all levels will find useful information on: Shopping for roses Planting Watering and mulching Fertilizing Pruning Protecting roses from weather and pests And more Roses for Dummies contains everything you need to know to get started, or, if you’re more advanced, refine your knowledge of roses. Now in a new Second Edition with more than 100 new varieties described, as well as new information on insect and disease control, this helpful guide also covers: Landscaping with roses What makes a rose fragrant Roses and their partners in the garden Growing in containers Drying roses and making potpourri Rose societies and other places to see roses Ten roses to avoid if you’re not an expert Whether looking for nothing more than a sweet-smelling decoration to brighten your doorstep, or looking to enter a major rose competition, discoveries about this much-loved flower await you. Full of pointers, resources, pitfalls, vocabulary, and an eye-popping full color insert, this book will help you grow the roses of your dreams.
 id : 245104 ISBN : 0517214695  | name : Winning Words  |  description : Winning Words is a collection of three volumes of quotes by Allen Klein. Klein is a motivational speaker and author who believes strongly in the way words can influence how we feel mentally, physically, and spiritually.
 id : 245107 ISBN : 1559721103  | name : Skin Deep is Fatal  |  description : Just discharged from a detox clinic, Dan Kruger accepts an assignment from a fellow patient to deliver a message to Shannon Harper, a cosmetics heiress involved in the animal rights movement, unaware that the case will lead to murder
 id : 245109 ISBN : 0590409697  | name : How Do You Lose Those Ninth Grade Blues?  |  description : Though no longer a fat girl, Elsie, now fifteen, still has trouble believing anyone could love her and that old fear threatens her relationship with her boyfriend.
 id : 245113 ISBN : 0671627392  | name : The Night Walkers  |  description : Nora Lane and her friend Max attempt to combat a mysterious, supernatural epidemic that threatens the children of their town.
 id : 245115 ISBN : 0590337823  | name : Best of Friends  |  description : Two girls with serious differences show how friendship can develop.
 id : 245116 ISBN : 0373980302  | name : Frog Eyes Loves Pig  |  description : Allan Antottle starts his junior year at Ocotillo High with a new image and a job as feature editor of the school newspaper, but his search for a girlfriend leads to complications and a lot of trouble.
 id : 245118 ISBN : 0590337777  | name : Misjudged  |  description : Misunderstood and branded a troublemaker because of his family background, Tony pushes too hard to prove himself with a nice girl and behaves recklessly when his efforts do not succeed. Alternating chapters present both his and her viewpoints.
 id : 245119 ISBN : 0449701751  | name : The Banana Split Affair  |  description : Twin sisters with contrasting personalities decide to switch identities for two weeks and experience each other's life.
 id : 245120 ISBN : 0671603256  | name : Nightmare Session  |  description : Evil creatures, terror, and murder haunt the hallowed halls of posh Thale Academy, an exclusive Connecticut boarding school, and scholarship student Jennifer Field and her boyfriend, Lee, find themselves targets of the nightmare
 id : 245121 ISBN : 0590415816  | name : The Gift Horse  |  description : To both wealthy Andrea and Fran, daughter of a cook, the carousel horse symbolizes their budding and unusual friendship.
 id : 245122 ISBN : 0821737368  | name : And Then Came the Darkness  |  description : Determined to put her life back together after her divorce, Sara Henderson begins attending night classes at the university, but getting there means crossing the fog-enshrouded Balboa Park, where a vicious killer is reportedly stalking young women. Original.
 id : 245123 ISBN : 0590414321  | name : Just a Summer Romance  |  description : Fourteen-year-old Melanie can't forget the handsome, mysterious boy who was her "summer romance," and when she sees his face on the cover of "People" magazine, she is determined to learn the truth about him
 id : 245124 ISBN : 0590332309  | name : Midnight at Monster Mansion  |  description : Your car is out of gas and you go to Monster Mansion seeking help. Vampires, werewolves, and zombies await you. You decide which path to take next.
 id : 245125 ISBN : 1558175091  | name : Whisper  |  description : When Brion's dog, Whisper, is hit by a car, ancient magic from a mysterious stranger seems to cure the pet's wounds--but it also turns the animal into a predator with an insatiable thirst for human blood
 id : 245126 ISBN : 0590408828  | name : Miss Perfect  |  description : Kim excelled at everything--that is what her father expected. But her friends notice that she does not smile anymore, and her boyfriend is afraid that Kim doesn't have time even for him.
 id : 245128 ISBN : 0590403230  | name : Tales for the Midnight Hour  |  description : Seventeen stories guaranteed to keep you awake and shivering with fear. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 245129 ISBN : 059032358X  | name : Who Needs a Stepsister?  |  description : Laura's father remarries after the death of his wife, and Laura acquires a new stepsister, beautiful and cool Diana. Each matures as they work out their newfound sisterhood.
 id : 245132 ISBN : 0449702189  | name : Starstruck  |  description : A shy, awkward girl becomes an instant celebrity and learns the meaning of true friendship the hard way.
 id : 245133 ISBN : 0671603299  | name : Skeleton Key  |  description : Jennifer and her friends at Thaler Academy are desperate to prevent the aliens from wiping out humanity, but after a brilliant plan backfires, they find themselves stranded in the heart of the aliens' lair
 id : 245134 ISBN : 0590413317  | name : Robyn's Book  |  description : Robyn expresses her thoughts about growing up while suffering from cystic fibrosis, a disabling disease that gets worse as she gets older. Contains stories, thoughts, poems, and an essay.
 id : 245135 ISBN : 0671668102  | name : The Ketchup Sisters  |  description : Someone has stolen the fabulous Moonstone Heart necklace and Monica and Dee plan to catch the crook.
 id : 245136 ISBN : 0816723931  | name : Ninth Grade Outcast  |  description : Megan's life takes a sharp turn when her father's new job forces her to transfer from private school to the public junior high school halfway through ninth grade.
 id : 245137 ISBN : 0816723958  | name : All Alone in the Eighth Grade  |  description : Twelve-year-old Tracey fears she is losing her best friend Chris when Chris gets her first boyfriend and becomes part of the popular crowd at school.
 id : 245138 ISBN : 0590424998  | name : Baby-sitters' Winter Vacation  |  description : Their skis, skates, and snowsuits are packed, and the Baby-sitters are headed for the mountains. That means one week of ice skating, skiing, snowball fights, the winter sports competition and some handsome skiers.
 id : 245140 ISBN : 0671758780  | name : Crane's Rebound  |  description : At summer basketball camp eleven-year-old Les must cope with loneliness, peer pressure, boy-girl problems, and a talented but obnoxious roommate.
 id : 245142 ISBN : 0816732361  | name : Nicole's Chance  |  description : When she wins a modeling contest, thirteen-year-old Nikki learns that being a model and keeping her friends will take some work.
 id : 245143 ISBN : 0590436899  | name : Enemies  |  description : Mary-Anna Clutterworth and Sandra Sutton are bitter enemies, until they have to spend an afternoon in town together and get lost.
 id : 245145 ISBN : 0380723476  | name : If It Hadn't Been for Yoon Jun  |  description : As she reluctantly becomes friends with Yoon Jun, a new student from Korea, seventh grader Alice Larsen becomes more interested in learning about her own Korean background.
 id : 245146 ISBN : 0590432990  | name : Koya DeLaney and the Good Girl Blues  |  description : (Book Jacket Status: Jacketed) Volumes 1, 2, and 3 of the Bury Text, in a boxed set. Introduction by Hugh Trevor-Roper
 id : 245147 ISBN : 0816739773  | name : Amber on the Line  |  description : Now that Amber is a member of the Blue Stars gymnastics team, she's having trouble keeping up with her homework.
 id : 245148 ISBN : 0590494295  | name : Cousins  |  description : Callie thinks hanging out at the community pool with the older kids from junior high is cool until one of her new friends steals something.
 id : 245149 ISBN : 0590432028  | name : A Really Popular Girl  |  description : Ten-year-old Marcie finds being popular a difficult task, especialy when her mother has just remarried and they have moved to a new town.
 id : 245150 ISBN : 0590458086  | name : Camp Murphy  |  description : When Collette and two sixth-grade classmates try to run a neighborhood day camp, they face a series of problems, including arguments over who is in charge and the disappearance of Collette's brother.
 id : 245151 ISBN : 0785804277  | name : Quotable Cats  |  description : Famous people from all walks of life, whether one is a writer, star, politician, have all the best to say about the feline. When cat chat comes alive, prove you're witty to your kitty and say something carefully selected from the quotable cat. Illus., color.
 id : 245152 ISBN : 0816729077  | name : Thanksgiving Holiday Grab Bag  |  description : Easy-to-follow directions for simple crafts and projects plus games, jokes, fun facts, and trivia questions are all included in this multifaceted activity book.
 id : 245155 ISBN : 0694008761  | name : Winter Days in the Big Woods  |  description : "Text adapted from Farmer boy"--T.p. verso.
 id : 245157 ISBN : 0805011692  | name : Humphrey's Bear  |  description : A Christopher Award winner, 1987 A Redbook Top Ten Picture Book of 1987 An IRA-CBC Children's Choice for 1988
 id : 245158 ISBN : 0694008850  | name : Dance at Grandpa's  |  description : A young pioneer girl and her family attend a wintertime party at her grandparents' house in the big woods of Wisconsin.
 id : 245159 ISBN : 1561565415  | name : Bears  |  description : Set your eyes on nature as you explore the fascinating world of bears ...
 id : 245160 ISBN : 1571021051  | name : Let's Care about Sharing!  |  description : P.K., Sue, and their friends discover the joy of sharing, not only material things, but also their joys, sadnesses, dreams, and themselves.
 id : 245161 ISBN : 1571020993  | name : Let's Play as a Team  |  description : A group of playmates learn that sportsmanship and cooperation make their games more enjoyable.
 id : 245162 ISBN : 0440407583  | name : Henry's Secret Valentine  |  description : Henry can't wait for Valentine's Day to arrive. Ms. Bird's class is making red hearts and planning a party. Henry has decided he will delight someone special with two valentines. But he is surprised when someone sends him secret valentines!
 id : 245163 ISBN : 0517141418  | name : Around the World in Eighty Days  |  description : In 1872 Phileas Fogg wins a bet by traveling around the world in seventy-nine days, twenty-three hours, and fifty-seven minutes.
 id : 245166 ISBN : 0679814531  | name : Gorilla  |  description : Hannah asks for a gorilla for her birthday, and her wish comes true in a special and unusual way.
 id : 245167 ISBN : 156458268X  | name : Around the House  |  description : Each spread of labelled photographs of items found at home, including toys, food, pets, and other household articles, conceals a tiny photograph of a teddy bear. On board pages.
 id : 245168 ISBN : 067177008X  | name : Let's Count, Dracula  |  description : Numbers 1 through 8 are illustrated by Halloween scenes.
 id : 245169 ISBN : 0684194333  | name : The Legend of Lightning Larry  |  description : No outlaw could draw as fast as Lightning Larry. But what really terrified those bad men was that peculiar gun of his. It didn't shoot bullets. It shot light. And Larry always aimed for the heart. -- Can Larry save the town of Brimstone from Evil-Eye McNeevil's outlaw gang? Find out in this rip-roaring original tale of a gunfighter with a huge smile and a hankering for lemonade.
 id : 245170 ISBN : 0517578239  | name : Adriana & the Magic Clockwork Train  |  description : When Adriana uses her birthday money to buy a dusty old toy train, she discovers it has a magical secret.
 id : 245171 ISBN : 0027426459  | name : Jalapeno Hal  |  description : Rough and tough Jalapeno Hal finds a way to bring rain to a dry Texas town.
 id : 245177 ISBN : 0671605070  | name : Disney's Elegant Book of Manners  |  description : Mickey, Donald, and other beloved Disney characters use whimsical rhymes and charming verse to teach children everything from being thoughtful to being a good loser.
 id : 245178 ISBN : 0671421123  | name : Working  |  description : Baby is shown with his potty, carriage, bowl, bathtub, bottle, and crib. On heavy board pages.
 id : 245180 ISBN : 0671704796  | name : Weather  |  description : Words describing various kinds of weather conditions are defined by full-page illustrations.
 id : 245181 ISBN : 067172844X  | name : Sizes  |  description : Brief text and illustrations present the concept of big and little.
 id : 245182 ISBN : 0721453406  | name : Ernie the Electrician  |  description : Ernie the electrician saves the day by fixing the lights for the magic show.
 id : 245183 ISBN : 0671871749  | name : Words  |  description : Board book which describes different kids of words.
 id : 245185 ISBN : 0394833279  | name : Betsy's First Day at Nursery School  |  description : On her first day of day care, Betsy tours the center and makes a new friend.
 id : 245186 ISBN : 0671695770  | name : More Bugs in Boxes  |  description : THIS BOOK IS SHELVED ON THE STORYTELLER SHELF.
 id : 245187 ISBN : 1561380334  | name : Mostly Ghostly  |  description : Eight shivery stories written by some of the world's most imaginative ghost story writers. Unearthly tales by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, Washington Irving, Ambrose Bierce, and others are adapted for young readers.
 id : 245189 ISBN : 067981230X  | name : Sesame Street One Two Three  |  description : Characters from Sesame Street appear in a variety of situations that provide the opportunity to count.
 id : 245191 ISBN : 0689717385  | name : The Relatives Came  |  description : In a rainbow-colored station wagon that smelled like a real car, the relatives came. When they arrived, they hugged and hugged from the kitchen to the front room. All summer they tended the garden and ate up all the strawberries and melons. They plucked banjos and strummed guitars. When they finally had to leave, they were sad, but not for long. They all knew they would be together next summer.
 id : 245192 ISBN : 067083579X  | name : John's Picture  |  description : A young boy makes a drawing with his new colored pencils, and when he goes to supper, the drawing takes on a life of its own.
 id : 245193 ISBN : 0060201983  | name : Rumpelstiltskin  |  description : A strange little man helps the miller's daughter spin straw into gold for the king, on the condition that she will give him her first-born child.
 id : 245194 ISBN : 0688071813  | name : Anna's Summer Songs  |  description : A collection of poems about the iris, fern, strawberry, and eleven other plants.
 id : 245195 ISBN : 0689718071  | name : Dad's Car Wash  |  description : John's love of cars and trucks follows him to the bathtub where he drives himself into Dad's Car Wash and gets the works.
 id : 245196 ISBN : 0689717814  | name : Crazy Clothes  |  description : When Patrick tries to show his mother how well he can dress himself, his clothes become contrary and insist on going on the wrong parts of his body.
 id : 245197 ISBN : 068971744X  | name : The Wind Blew  |  description : The wind blew, and blew, and blew! It blew so hard, it took everything with it: Mr. White's umbrella, Priscilla's balloon, the twins' scarves, even the wig on the judge's head. But just when the wind was about to carry everything out to sea, it changed its mind! With rhyming verse and colorful illustrations, Pat Hutchins takes us on a merry chase that is well worth the effort.
 id : 245198 ISBN : 0689716893  | name : Mrs. Toggle's Zipper  |  description : When Mrs. Toggle's zipper sticks and traps her inside her coat, everyone in the school tries to free her but with little success.
 id : 245199 ISBN : 1561734829  | name : Colors  |  description : Rhymed text and illustrations of a variety of familiar objects introduce the basic colors.
 id : 245200 ISBN : 0312964129  | name : Blind Love  |  description : Presents the true story of the brutal murder of Texas teenage beauty Adrianne Jones by two military academy-bound honors students, who tried to break Adrianne's neck, beat her with weights, and eventually shot her between the eyes on a deserted Texas road. Reissue.
 id : 245201 ISBN : 0440414326  | name : Off and Running  |  description : Catch election fever when fifth grader Miata Ramirez runs for president against school prankster, Rudy Herrera. Miata and her running mate, Ana, mean business. But the boys are loud and get attention. With time running out, the girls try to think of how to quickly change their image before the election.
 id : 245203 ISBN : 0394587146  | name : Crossing Antarctica  |  description : An account of the first successful crossing of Antarctica by dogsled and ski follows the renowned explorer Steger as he leads a six-man Trans-Antarctica international team on a four-thousand-mile journey
 id : 245205 ISBN : 0964346036  | name : Dominique Moceanu  |  description : An in-depth look at the young gymnast who won a gold medal at the 1996 Olympics.
 id : 245206 ISBN : 0195290003  | name : The Oxford Study Bible: Revised English Bible with Apocrypha  |  description : This is the first one-volume resource to introduce readers to the Bible by providing a complete overview of the world of biblical history and scholarship, plus commentary on the text Indexable 1,824 pp.
 id : 245208 ISBN : 0881847178  | name : State of Siege  |  description : All in all Steve Fraser had enjoyed his three-year stint in the former Dutch Southeast Asian colony of Sunda, and he'd been well compensated. But now he was looking forward to a last weekend in the capital before heading home. But Sunda was newly independent, and not entirely stable. An opposition faction with fundamentalist Islamic leanings was set on overthrowing the provisonal government. And instead of enjoying a sybaritic weekend with the Eurasian beauty Rosalie, Fraser finds himself trapped with her by a fanatical group who've taken over the country's radio station and made their headquarters in his friend Jebb's apartment. As the government launches a counterattack, the couple's survival depends on their ability to dodge bullets and the shifting loyalties of the coup's liuetenants.
 id : 245209 ISBN : 0451182944  | name : A Desperate Call  |  description : A homicide detective becomes obsessed with finding the murderer of an eight-year-old boy--her son's best friend--puts herself and her family in jeopardy, and dares to cross the line no cop should ever cross. Original.
 id : 245210 ISBN : 1582342334  | name : The Bobby Gold Stories  |  description : Bestselling author Tony Bourdain is back with a new novel, his first fiction since the groundbreaking success of Kitchen Confidential. Bobby Gold is a loveable criminal. After doing ten years in the clinker, he's out and ready for work. With not even an attempt to play it straight, he's back to breaking bones for tough guys. His turf: the club scene and restaurant racket. It's not that he enjoys the job-Bobby has real heart-but he's good at it and a guy has to make a living. Things change when he meets Nikki, the cook at a club most definitely not in his territory. Smitten, he can't stay away. Bobby Gold had known trouble before, but with Nikki the sauté bitch in his life, things take a turn for life or death. Inspired by Fitzgerald's Pat Hobby stories, The Bobby Gold Stories is a gem of a novel featuring the best of Bourdain's work. Fans will recognize the gangster riffs of Bone in the Throat, the antics of the sexy criminal couple of Gone Bamboo, and the brilliant restaurant scenes from Kitchen Confidential. Distilled into a fast and furious, pitch-perfect story of food, sex, crimes and mayhem, The Bobby Gold Stories is sure to become a modern classic.
 id : 245212 ISBN : 0449002926  | name : Divine Blood  |  description : From the edge of science, an unholy agenda. . . . It is an astonishing discovery: a bloodstained burial shroud, entombed in the crumbling walls of a historic French monastery. Carbon dating concludes the fabric is from the time of Christ. A molecular biologist conducts a daring experiment: the cloning of genetic material recovered from the cloth. Now two men--Father Laurent Carriere and scientist Josh Francis--are plunged into the center of a worldwide religious and political power struggle. But even as Washington and the Vatican vie for control of the relic, members of a secret society take steps to reclaim the holy artifact they have sworn to protect--by any means necessary. . . .
 id : 245213 ISBN : 0425146901  | name : Some Things Come Back  |  description : Teddy London's arch-enemy, Tabor, ruler of vampires, is back and hungry--not just for blood, but for power. Only through the death of millions and world domination will Tabor achieve the status he craves. London must thwart the evil king while resisting the ultimate temptation of eternal life.
 id : 245216 ISBN : 0425140091  | name : Skin Deep  |  description : Lured into bed by a seductive stranger, Alan--a man with power and influence in the world of high-fashion modeling--is soon after found dead, and his sister, Joi Lin, sets out to find his killer. Original.
 id : 245218 ISBN : 0312130643  | name : Emotional Arithmetic  |  description : A middle-aged woman relives the trauma of her girlhood as the two men who helped her survive an internment camp during World War II--an English boy and a heroic Russian dissident--reenter her life, upsetting its delicate balance.
 id : 245219 ISBN : 0312857438  | name : Archangel  |  description : Discovering a weird series of murders that resemble vampire attacks, Danny Constantine, a reporter from a plague-stricken, alternate universe Minneapolis of the 1920s, finds that the glut of bad news prevents the release of his story.
 id : 245220 ISBN : 0740704893  | name : Till Death  |  description : Detroit's Father Koesler picks up the pieces when a colleague's affair leads to murder.
 id : 245221 ISBN : 0684856050  | name : Shopping Cart Soldiers  |  description : A Vietnam veteran describes the nightmarish experiences of an American soldier in the Vietnamese jungles and his painful psychological convalescence.
 id : 245224 ISBN : 0156005158  | name : People with Dirty Hands  |  description : From a New York City Green Guerrilla to the Texas Rose Rustlers and a Colorado tomato fanatic, Chotzinoff serves up colorful profiles of americanca’s quirkiest, most fervent gardeners.
 id : 245225 ISBN : 188602832X  | name : Something in the Water  |  description : Honeywell dumped 2365 barrels in Lake Superior amid strict security. The contents of those barrels has been a strict secret ever since. NOT ANYMORE!! Famous Superior detective Alphonse "Dave" Davecki gets to the bottom of why there's plutonium and dead bodies in those barrels.
 id : 245226 ISBN : 0385498896  | name : The Anchor Book of New Irish Writing  |  description : An Anchor Paperback Original An intelligent, sophisticated cross-section of Irish short fiction, ideal for casual readers and classrooms alike, that showcases where Irish writers are now, as well as where they are headed. The contemporary Irish short story, perhaps even more than the novel, provides vital critical clues and guideposts for anyone interested in twentieth-century Irish writing--the Irish, after all, have always been a nation of storytellers, and the current practioners of this ancient tradition are in the process of exploding and rediefining the form. The Anchor Book of New Irish Writing features a group of writers whose influence is already strongly felt in Irish literature, and who deserve to be better known in American, among them Aidan Matthews and Anne Enright. The stories themselves are beautifully written, well-chosen by the editors, and presented in such a way as to guide readers through the fascinating dramatic, structural, and technical themes explored by contemporary Irish stories. The result is a rich sampling of these writers including the work of more familiar ones-from Elizabetth Bowen to Neil Jordan-a collection that promises to introduce the new classics of Irish literature to a wider audience. List of contributors: Elizabeth Bowen John Banville Desmond Hogan Bernard McLaverty Cherry Smyth Clare Boylan Rita Kelly Maeve Binchy Anne Devlin Evelyn Conlon Emma Donoghue Aiden Matthews Anne Enright Patrick McCabe Rohan Sheenan Michael O'Loughlin Eamonn Sweeney Marcy Dorcey Ellis Ní Dhuibhne Joseph O'Connor Colum McCann Neil Jordan
 id : 245227 ISBN : 0671042165  | name : Forever Sisters  |  description : In this critically acclaimed collection of short stories, essays, and memoirs, discover what it means to be a sister as seen through the eyes of 18 women writers.
 id : 245231 ISBN : 088743973X  | name : Test Success Reading  |  description : For 20 years, School Zone I Know It! books have set the standard for home learning materials. Each book is developed by professional educators to complement the curriculum at each grade. Each I Know It! book has clear instructions and fun-to-do exercises.
 id : 245233 ISBN : 0887437729  | name : Phonics Review 1-3  |  description : Deluxe Edition! Books are the same high-quality workbooks for which School Zone has been known since the company was founded. They're colorful and affordable and they've got twice the number of pages.
 id : 245234 ISBN : 0880129069  | name : Homework  |  description : Contains reproducible activity sheets and answer key. Designed to provide children with enjoyable practice while developing mathematical skills required to solve problems involving time and money.
 id : 245236 ISBN : 0312132360  | name : Children of the Light  |  description : Jeremy Towers, a nineteen-year-old daydreamer with visions of saving the world but who prefers vicarious adventures to real ones, becomes the unlikely--and reluctant--savior of the endangered people of Idamore
 id : 245237 ISBN : 1886028427  | name : The Awakening of the Heart  |  description : A great guide for all who desire to live with confidence. The simple, yet profound truths herein can enhance anyone's journey of the heart. Down's words reflect a compassionate and magical universe. Learn how to get back to basics by letting go. The message is calm, encouraging, strong and sure.
 id : 245240 ISBN : 1886028567  | name : Off Season  |  description : Marshall J. Cook delivers a rock-solid novel that will keep readers turning the pages--a story about love, faith in God, and minor league baseball!
 id : 245241 ISBN : 188602846X  | name : Potpourri from Kettle Land  |  description : -- Over 100 intricate illustrations by the author. -- Beautiful sketchbook layout. -- Meet hoboes, barn ghosts, dump waifs. -- Study the Lay of the Land Windymare's 120 story packed acres. -- Meet Irene's animal friends -- Learn What the Dowser's Rod Didn't Find. -- 39 Unforgettable recipes including the all time favorite Dog Hair Holder.
 id : 245242 ISBN : 0965491722  | name : Jackpine Savages  |  description : A nostalgia trip to the 1950s in Wisconsin. Larson remembers everything and a lot of it, people wish he'd forget. Doesn't shy away from giving the old home town a black eye now and then.But it's all in good fun and nobody is left bloody and bruised. Everyone finds this delightful, a dream trip back to the days when there was some, "darkness at the end of the tunnel". This book is Hugely funny!
 id : 245244 ISBN : 0307126528  | name : Muppet Kids in TV Or Not TV  |  description : Gonzo becomes so engrossed with watching TV that he neglects his friends.
 id : 245245 ISBN : 088743410X  | name : The Good Bad Cat  |  description : When the cat runs under the chair, over the game, and on the table, the cat is bad, but when it is chasing a mouse, it is good.
 id : 245246 ISBN : 0789447584  | name : Busy Buzzy Bee  |  description : Explains the behavior and lives of bees, discussing how they collect nectar from flowers, care for their eggs and queen bee, and communicate with each other.
 id : 245247 ISBN : 1892384019  | name : Lighthouse Adventures  |  description : Short stories, long stories, technical descriptions, shipwrecks, acts of courage, fascinating drawings, details on how things worked, maps of where things are and were, photos, and generally something for everyone.
 id : 245249 ISBN : 0440504945  | name : I Do  |  description : Each day of a new marriage holds the promise of growth, discovery, and love. The daily reflections in "I Do illuminate every surprising turn in your journey together, and nurture you through the ups, downs, and in-betweens of your unfolding love. A book to nourish your spirit and open your heart, this insightful guide pairs empowering affirmations with wise and witty quotes from such varied sources as Indira Gandhi, Cher, Anais Nin, Mother Theresa, Melody Beattie, Woody Allen, D.H. Lawrence, and many others. "I Do speaks to the issues that test out ability to love ourselves and one another--including envy, passion, anger, self-esteem, possessiveness, and the very human need for time alone. With a subject index for easy reference and words and encouragement for everyday of the year, "I Do is a book you'll turn to again and again for direction, support, and inspiration from the heart.
 id : 245250 ISBN : 0761310029  | name : A Year of Crafts for Kids  |  description : " ... A collection of 76 simple yet satisfying holiday craft projects ..."--Page 4 of cover.
 id : 245252 ISBN : 0531071111  | name : Catwings Return  |  description : Wishing to visit their mother, the winged cats leave their new country home to return to the city, where they discover a winged kitten in a building on the verge of being demolished.
 id : 245253 ISBN : 0670035750  | name : Cam Jansen and the First Day of School Mystery  |  description : On her first day of fifth grade, Cam Jansen uses her photographic memory to help the police find a car thief. Includes a memory game.
 id : 245255 ISBN : 0151402167  | name : Hideous Kinky  |  description : When her mother decides to take her and her sister away from life as they know it and move to Morocco, a five-year-old English schoolgirl embarks on an adventure-filled romp through northern Africa. A first novel.
 id : 245257 ISBN : 0688161014  | name : Before the Dawn  |  description : The controversial autobiography of the man at the heart of Irish Republican politics. Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams offers his own unique, intimate account of the early years of his career, from his childhood in working-class Belfast to the more turbulent years of social activism that followed. An engaging and revealing self-portrait. photo insert.
 id : 245258 ISBN : 0590265989  | name : A Quarter from the Tooth Fairy  |  description : A boy goes shopping with the money he received from the tooth fairy.
 id : 245259 ISBN : 0394859243  | name : The Berenstain Bears and the Wild, Wild Honey  |  description : Papa Bear comes up with a new plan to safely get honey away from the bees who guard it in their hollow tree hive.
 id : 245261 ISBN : 0763604879  | name : Nerd No More  |  description : Wiggie Carter is a regular kid. Smart, but basically a lot like everyone else in the sixth grade--until his mom becomes the host of Jump Into Science, an educational TV show. Suddenly Wiggie is famous--a famous nerd. Even when Wiggie makes friends with Callie, an outcast by anyone's definition, the lure of being one of the cool kids remain overwhelming. It's not until the cool kids lead Wiggie into real trouble that he proves to himself, and everyone else, that being smart is cool--and that just being yourself is even better.
 id : 245262 ISBN : 0064401820  | name : The Kid Next Door and Other Headaches  |  description : In a series of episodes, two young boys who are best friends share different viewpoints about neatness, the best kind of pet, super heroes, horrible cousins, and what consideration an overnight guest is entitled to.
 id : 245263 ISBN : 1564020339  | name : My Dad is Awesome  |  description : At last, here's a book devoted exclusively to one of the world's most valuable resources--dads. Children everywhere will delight in reading about a father's most endearing qualities--a perfect opportunity to chime in with the qualities that make their own dads special!
 id : 245264 ISBN : 1574713345  | name : By Myself Or with My Friends  |  description : Repetitive, predictable story lines and illustrations that match the text provide maximum support to the emergent reader. Engaging stories promote reading comprehension, and easy and fun activities on the inside back covers extend learning. Great for Reading First, Fluency, Vocabulary, Text Comprehension, and ESL/ELL!
 id : 245265 ISBN : 1562925997  | name : Eggstra Courage for the Chicken Hearted  |  description : "Have you ever been left with egg on your face--and didn't know what to do? Maybe you needed some real encouragement from a friend, but everyone had flown the coop?Here's a grade "A" delightful book full of encouragement, hope and humor! Close "hen friends" including best-selling author, Becky Freeman, have teamed up to share with you heartwarming stories from thier own lives to inspire you to spring out of your nest and fly again.Each story remindes you that your never alone. You'll discover that others have faced the same challenges of life, and along the way you'll gain the courage to soar through those moments with grace and dignity on the wings of God's love."
 id : 245266 ISBN : 1564022781  | name : The Kitten Book  |  description : Text and photographs follow the birth and development of seven Burmese kittens.
 id : 245269 ISBN : 0880015780  | name : The Sun at Midday  |  description : For Gini Alhadeff, there was rarely a difference between feeling at home and feeling foreign. Born to an Italian family in Alexandria, Egypt, she lived in places as far-flung as Cairo, Khartoum, Florence, and Tokyo; raised Catholic, she did not learn of her Sephardic Jewish roots until she was living in New York in her twenties. In The Sun at Midday, Alhadeff traces her unusual ancestral history, seeking the source of her chameleon-like skills of adaptation. Through the reminiscences of family members--among them cousin Pierre, a worldly priest and celebrity confessor who recalls the sumptuous lives of Alexandrian ex-pats, and her uncle Nissim, now a gynecologist in Queens, who survived the horrors of the Holocaust--she unearths a wealth of rich and strange stories. Woven together with exhilarating prose, they form an uncommonly affecting memoir of a family whose past defies summation, and of Alhadeff's own life both in it and apart from it.
 id : 245270 ISBN : 0821725068  | name : Jump Rope  |  description : After witnessing her father's death, young Haley is too scared to tell anyone about the red striped jump rope wrapped around his wrists or about the girl who looked just like her who had taken the jump rope and skipped away
 id : 245271 ISBN : 0140238263  | name : The Hiding Room  |  description : Part political thriller, part poignant love story, The Hiding Room recounts the passionate, tortured affair between Esta Weiss, a Jewish refugee living in Cairo, and Archie Rawlins, a British intelligence officer. But Esta has secrets darker than anything Archie could have imagined--secrets that only come to light fifty years later when Esta's son goes to Jerusalem to bury a mother he barely knew.
 id : 245272 ISBN : 0373165536  | name : The Marrying Type  |  description : The Marrying Type by Judith Arnold released on Aug 25, 1994 is available now for purchase.
 id : 245273 ISBN : 0373161557  | name : Minor Miracles  |  description : Minor Miracles by Rebecca Flanders released on Apr 24, 1986 is available now for purchase.
 id : 245276 ISBN : 0679426019  | name : Rise the Euphrates  |  description : A novel of the American immigrant experience featuring three generations of Armenian women. The grandmother clings to the past, the daughter rejects it, and all the time they battle for the soul of the granddaughter.
 id : 245278 ISBN : 0786229837  | name : A Dance at the Slaughterhouse  |  description : Private investigator Matthew Scudder searches for the missing link between two horrific crimes--the rape-murder of wealthy Amanda Thurman and a snuff film involving a young homeless boy.
 id : 245280 ISBN : 0816632596  | name : Cold Comfort  |  description : These short essays -- first heard on public radio -- will be popular with readers because of Sutter's intriguing stories, sense of humor, and musical language. He extols the pleasures of barbershops, cross-country skiing with a seven-year-old, and living by the great lake. Cold Comfort unlocks the secrets of Duluth, bridging the communal spirit of small-city life and the solitude, silence, and serenity of the wilderness next door.
 id : 245281 ISBN : 0553158929  | name : Prophets of the Dark Side  |  description : The battle against the evil empire rages on as members of the Alliance continue their struggle to end the era of darkness. By rescuing an imperial prisoner, they face possibly disastrous consequences.
 id : 245284 ISBN : 0553577700  | name : Trick Me Twice  |  description : He keeps a silent vigil in the woods outside her house and watches every move she makes. He's the only one who knows that this ordinary day will be her last. Slowly, he raises his rifle--and when he pulls the trigger, he doesn't even blink.... Like most people in town, Senior Aid Mission volunteer Patricia Detrick thinks the shooting deaths plaguing Wayne County are simple hunting accidents--inevitable mishaps that haunt the region every year. It never crosses her mind that these "mishaps" are actually murders in disguise--or that the killer could be someone she knows. Now, as the madman at the center of the slayings finally spins out of control, he begins his search for one special woman to become his final, fatal masterpiece. A woman just like Pat....
 id : 245285 ISBN : 0380791668  | name : Mother May I  |  description : Yago has a master plan for the Meanies that will put everyone at risk and potentially keep them from finding the piece of earth that may remain after its destruction.
 id : 245287 ISBN : 0425165361  | name : As Crime Goes by  |  description : The Coral Sands gardener has been murdered, and his body hidden under the rose bushes. Former jewel thief Peter Benington and Mafia runaway Benny Ashe are determined to solve their friend's sudden death--especially when it seems to be linked with an Internet friend of their lovely fellow resident, Mildred.
 id : 245288 ISBN : 0892966998  | name : A Highland Christmas  |  description : Left alone in chilly Lochdubh, Scotland, while his family spends Christmas in Florida, Constable Hamish Macbeth copes with a missing cat and the disappearance of a town's holiday tree and decorations, while searching for a way to make a little girl's Christmas dreams come true. 20,000 first printing.
 id : 245289 ISBN : 0440236436  | name : Dead Easy  |  description : Midcentury America was governed from the center, a bipartisan consensus ofpoliticians and public opinion that supported government spending on education, the construction ofa vast network of interstate highways, healthcare for senior citizens, and environmental protection.These projects were paid for by a steeply progressive tax code, with a top tax rate at one pointduring the Republican Eisenhower administration of 91 percent. Today, a similar agenda of governmentaction (and progressive taxation) would be portrayed as dangerously left wing. At the same time,radically anti-government and anti-tax opinions (with no evidence to support them) are consideredpart of the mainstream. In Take Back the Center, Peter Wenz makes the case for asane, reality-based politics that reclaims the center for progressive policies. The key, he argues,is taxing the wealthy at higher rates. The tax rate for the wealthiest Americans has declined fromthe mid-twentieth-century high of 91 percent to a twenty-first-century low of 36 percent--even associal programs are gutted and the gap betweeen rich and poor widens dramatically. Ever since RonaldReagan famously declared that government was the problem and not the solution, conservatives havehad an all-purpose answer to any question: smaller government and lower taxes. Wenz offers animpassioned counterargument. He explains the justice of raising the top tax rates significantly,making a case for less income inequality (and countering society's worship of the wealthy), and heoffers suggestions for how to spend the increased tax revenues: K-12 education, tuition relief,transportation and energy infrastructure, and universal health care. Armed with Wenz'sevidence-driven arguments, progressives can position themselves where they belong: in the mainstreamof American politics and at the center of American political conversations, helping their countryaddress a precipitous decline in equality and quality of life.
 id : 245291 ISBN : 0060937173  | name : Discovering the Body  |  description : Discovering the Body is a gripping novel filled with psychological suspense, sensitivity, and emotional complexity. With this stunning debut, Mary Howard has crafted an electrifying and hauntingly evocative novel of truth and perception, of the ties we tell others-and the lies we tell ourselves. Two years ago Linda Garbo left her graphic design job in Minneapolis to open a printmaking studio in a small town in Iowa with the encouragement of Luci Cole, a weaver and an old friend from art school. Arriving in Linden Grove for good, Linda agrees to stay with Luci and her boyfriend, Charlie, in their old farmhouse outside of town until the renovations to her new studio space are completed. But the following afternoon as she is driving down the long winding road toward Luci's house, Linda sees Luci's neighbor, Peter Garvey, walking out the front door-and when Linda enters the house a few minutes later, she discovers her friend's lifeless body on the kitchen floor. Now, two years later, Peter Garvey has been convicted of Luci's murder. Linda is married to Charlie and living in the very house where Luci died. And she is convinced someone is following her. As she begins to confront her fears-approaching the man she believes is spying on her, visiting Peter Garvey in prison-she finally faces the cause for her frequent panic attacks: she was too traumatized by her discovery of Luci's body to be a reliable witness. And if she's identified the wrong man, the killer may still be close by, ready to react if she admits she might have made a mistake. Compelled to unravel the mystery surrounding Luci's final days, Linda finds that Luci was a master at weaving her true colors into a complex tapestry, preferring involvements that required secrecy. A beautifully crafted tour de force of significant depth, passion, and power, Discovering the Body is a completely beguiling meditation on perception, loss, memory, and redemption whose conclusion proves to be as significantly haunting as it is satisfying.
 id : 245292 ISBN : 0671652591  | name : Death in the Snow  |  description : Lieutenant Johnny Ortiz searches for clues that would connect four murders to a projected real-estate development in New Mexico
 id : 245293 ISBN : 081296733X  | name : The Newman's Own Organics Guide to a Good Life  |  description : Offers practical suggestions on how to change one's life to improve the quality of the environment around oneself, from recycling and reusing materials to eating organic foods, and utilizing clean power sources.
 id : 245294 ISBN : 0937422398  | name : The Titanic's Last Hero  |  description : Testimonies and tributes originally published in Scotland in 1912. Compiled and edited by John Climie at the request of John Harper's brother, George. Also published as: John Harper: a hero on the Titanic, 1997--t.p. verso.
 id : 245295 ISBN : 1558175431  | name : Gnelfs  |  description : Television's most popular cartoon characters, the Gnelfs, have charmed a generation of children, but for four-year-old Heaven, these cuddly and cute creatures have turned into killers
 id : 245296 ISBN : 0517708124  | name : Slaying the Mermaid  |  description : The author of "The Women Outside" reveals the historical, cultural, social, and even mythic reasons why women feel such an obligation to put the needs of others first--even against their will and contrary to their principles.
 id : 245297 ISBN : 0802837220  | name : Candles Behind the Wall  |  description : The stories of heroic people who are among the thousands whose courage and convictions sparked a moral, spiritual, and political revolution in Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union, leading to the recent collapse of Communism.
 id : 245300 ISBN : 0805462716  | name : Pre-Marriage Questions  |  description : In this booklet the authors have devised a list of 200 questions for couples contemplating marriage to discuss prior to tying the knot. They also provide a step-by-step method for resolving disagreements before they threaten the relationship.
 id : 245302 ISBN : 0312144067  | name : Salt of the Earth  |  description : Describes the devastating impact on Elaine and Joe Gere of the disappearance of their twelve-year-old daughter Brenda, a crime that led to Joe Gear's suicide and, six years later, to the prosecution of Michael Kay Green for the child's murder. 75,000 first printing. Tour.
 id : 245303 ISBN : 0425121003  | name : Miss Seeton, by Appointment  |  description : Retired art teacher Miss Seeton steps in where Scotland Yard stumbles.
 id : 245304 ISBN : 0380787598  | name : Midsummer Malice  |  description : Campus cop Peggy ONeill is making her nightly rounds when she runs into Steadman George, the aging piano man who lives and works aboard the universitys Showboat Theater, docked on the Mississippi. Tonight he has a tale to tell. Twenty years ago Steadman helped an unmarried teen sell her baby to a show-biz couple, and hes kept the shady deal to himself--until now. The biological mother is back, looking for her daughter, and Steadman wonders if he should help her, or help himself to a different deal. But the day after Peggy hears Steadmans nostalgic story, shes finishing his body out of the river. Despite opinions to the contrary, Peggys sure this was no accident, and its time to investigate. Because a dirty little secret from the past is about to explode in tomorrows tabloid scandal--stunning the innocent, rocking the righteous, and driving someone to desperation. . .and murder.
 id : 245305 ISBN : 0198631219  | name : The Oxford Dictionary of Word Histories  |  description : Lists the origins and sense developments of more than eleven thousand English words and idioms, in a resource that provides first recorded dates and boxed elements that define word relationships. (Reference)
 id : 245306 ISBN : 0807072117  | name : Saffron Sky  |  description : This lyrical memoir evinces the author's passion for constructing an American life with the spiritual fervor and deeply aesthetic rituals that were part of her childhood in Iran. Asayesh, who immigrated to North Carolina as a girl, writes too of her struggle to arrive at an acceptable sexuality in the face of parental panic, and tells of her frustration, during later trips to post-Shah Iran, with "the sisters," the Ayatollah's ubiquitous enforcers of female modesty.
 id : 245307 ISBN : 0440401941  | name : The Terrible Thing in the Bottle  |  description : Traveling with their aunt in England, Cassie and her cousin Barney have a run-in with Cassie's boarding-school nemesis, Vicky, and begin to think she may have cast a spell on them.
 id : 245308 ISBN : 1564584933  | name : The Renaissance  |  description : A guide to the art of the Northern and Italian Renaissance, from the 14th to the 16th century.
 id : 245311 ISBN : 037326318X  | name : A Rage of Innocents  |  description : An alarming rise in violent crime puts Morrissey on the path to a conspiracy as obscene as it is lethal, linked by the most passionate of motives, the desperate desire for a baby. Martin's Press.
 id : 245312 ISBN : 0310230160  | name : Then Comes Marriage  |  description : This touching look at a young couple's first year of marriage opens on their first anniversary when a weeping Heather Stone is convinced her marriage is finished, while Kurt Stone is alone in his "cave" mulling over the mess of their supposed marital bliss. Through their relationship, the story explores how men and women must learn to understand the other in order to make a marriage work.
 id : 245313 ISBN : 0440209838  | name : Murder on the Run  |  description : During an early morning jog by the bay, San Francisco detective Ronnie Ventana stumbles onto the scene of a crime, and soon she's running for her life, from the barrios to San Francisco's poshest neighborhoods
 id : 245314 ISBN : 0451194748  | name : Murder, She Wrote: Murder in Moscow  |  description : Mystery writer and amateur sleuth Jessica Fletcher visits Moscow as part of a United States publishing group to help Russia succeed as a democracy. But the poisoning of a Russian publisher, who possessed information which could topple the government in power, places her in a dangerous situation. Jess turns to the American Embassy for help, only to discover that the United States government is involved...
 id : 245315 ISBN : 0722532857  | name : Thorsons Principles of Nutritional Therapy  |  description : An introduction to how to change your diet to change your health and what a nutritional therapist offers Many people are consulting nutritional therapists due to food allergies and other problems, many of which are caused by the body's inability to absorb essential nutrients due to the effects of antibiotics and other drugs and environmental pollutants. The book outlines: - how deficiencies occur - how nutritional therapy works - which key illnesses, such as eczema, asthma, candida, ME, arthritis and muscle pain, or food allergies the therapy can fight
 id : 245316 ISBN : 0425088014  | name : The Second Deadly Sin  |  description : Coming out of retirement to investigate the stabbing murder of Victor Maitland, an artist both hated and acclaimed, ex-Chief of Detectives Edward X. Delaney finds a mob of greedy suspects and a tangle of possible motives.
 id : 245318 ISBN : 1558177930  | name : Torture Killers II  |  description : From the authentic files of True Detective, America's premier true crime magazine, here are 25 of the most bone-chilling cases of torture and death ever reported. Includes 12 pages of shocking photographs.
 id : 245320 ISBN : 0937934151  | name : Sharks  |  description : Provides information on the physical characteristics, behavior, and different kinds of sharks.
 id : 245321 ISBN : 0816763364  | name : You Can Learn Sign Language!  |  description : This picture dictionary of sign language contains more than 300 words and phrases organized by topic and presented in an exciting mix of color art and photos.
 id : 245324 ISBN : 0884861961  | name : Emilie Barnes' 15 Minute Home and Family Organizer  |  description : Two bestselling works complete in one volume.
 id : 245325 ISBN : 0886878489  | name : The World Almanac and Book of Facts, 2000  |  description : An annually updated reference guide to a wide variety of facts and information about the United States and other countries around the world.
 id : 245326 ISBN : 0140386920  | name : A Polar Bear Can Swim  |  description : Discusses the abilities and habits of a variety of animals, including the polar bear, bat, and honeybee.
 id : 245327 ISBN : 0312134363  | name : The Blood of the Covenant  |  description : The sequel to The Book of Common Dread finds Simon Penn and Frederika Vanderveen on the run from an ancient, bloody-minded vampire intent on preventing them from revealing the secret of the vampires' existence.
 id : 245329 ISBN : 0671463640  | name : The Last Romantic  |  description : A biography of Marie of Roumania, descended from the highest royalty in Europe, who became queen in 1914, was a striking beauty, and was considered one of the most fascinating women of her time.
 id : 245330 ISBN : 0963749803  | name : The Amityville Horror Conspiracy  |  description : Was it horror or was it hoax? For years, the question went unanswered while everyone who ever glanced at the tabloids in a supermarket knew about the Amityville Horror -- a house haunted by the remembered evil of mass murder. For 20 years, parapsychologist Stephen Kaplan and his wife Roxanne investigated the phenomenon, keeping a detailed diary of everything that happened. This book is the result of that diary.
 id : 245332 ISBN : 0688161502  | name : The Fires  |  description : Smoke has as many different scents as skin. Part of the pleasure is not knowing what it will be -- sulfurous or closer to incense or airier and sweeter as I imagine the smell of clouds. Ella is a connoisseur of fire, a woman enthralled by it as other women are by love. She savors the seductive promise of a spark, the caress of a curling wisp of smoke, the all-consuming hunger of a spreading blaze. Ella's heart seethes with a rage that can be spoken only with tongues of flame. In her remarkable first novel, Rene Steinke has created a narrator so lyrical and lucid in her madness as to raise the book to the level of romance. Trapped in a sleepy Indiana town, torn by inner demons that drive her to pyromania and promiscuity, Ella is at once entirely original and unforgettably real. As she struggles to come to terms with her family's tormented past and her own uncertain future, she draws the mesmerized reader ever deeper into her scorched soul, revealing a sensuality that will spiral into final, fiery destruction -- unless it can be quenched by love.
 id : 245333 ISBN : 0446404993  | name : The Dead of Winter  |  description : When an ice fisherman discovers the body of an ex-convict with connections to organized crime, Sheriff Matt Gabriel fears a media circus will descend on the small town of Blackwater, Michigan
 id : 245334 ISBN : 0821740695  | name : Target for Murder  |  description : Newly sprung form a South Dakota Correctional Facility, Anishabe princess Angela Biwaban throws her parole officer off her scent by accepting a new mission--to find the men who killed her best friend's husband. Original.
 id : 245335 ISBN : 1568380887  | name : Miles to Go Before I Sleep  |  description : For anyone who has survived a trauma, the question has always been how to move beyond the experience. How does one stop being a victim? Pflug, who was one of three Americans on a plane from Athens to Cairo when it was highjacked by terrorists, answers that question and shares her story, in an inspiring book she hopes will serve as a springboard for personal growth and development. Photos.
 id : 245336 ISBN : 0821710745  | name : Christie's Rapture  |  description : Embittered by the slaughter of his parents during an Indian attack, Garrett Randall struggles to learn how to love when he finds himself passionately attracted to Christie
 id : 245339 ISBN : 0373970412  | name : Sarah  |  description : Working for the Abolitionist movement and giving no thought to marriage, Sarah MacKenzie is surprised to find herself falling in love with Philip Calvert, a Southerner
 id : 245342 ISBN : 0671454749  | name : Songbird  |  description : Jessica Hamilton, daughter of a wealthy plantation owner, falls in love with Conrad Montgomery, a poor drifter, and decides to stand by him even when he's driven out of Texas
 id : 245344 ISBN : 0441888135  | name : Wild Heart Tamed  |  description : The pawn in a vicious plot, lovely, innocent Leanna is kidnapped, drugged, and sent to London's most infamous brothel, and her unwitting seducer, American Jason Blaine, sweeps her into a whirlwind marriage in an attempt to thwart the evil schemer Sir Gavi
 id : 245348 ISBN : 0743411811  | name : The Genesis Wave  |  description : After the death of the Genesis Planet a century ago, Starfleet destroyed all data regarding Project Genesis. Now, a mysterious wave of energy is sweeping across the Alpha Quadrant, wiping out entire planets. Captain Jean-Luc Picard and the "Enterprise" crew discover the threat--and become endangered as well.
 id : 245349 ISBN : 0800756509  | name : The Fourth Reich  |  description : Forty years after the birth of a baby produced from a genetically altered egg containing DNA from skull fragments from Berlin, 1945, a man rises to power in Russia and will become the Antichrist
 id : 245350 ISBN : 0425142248  | name : Death in Midwinter  |  description : Lured into a scandalous rendezvous with a lovely milk-maid, a young politician suddenly finds himself a suspect when the girl turns up murdered, and it is up to Scotland Yard's Inspector Kenworthy to sort out the truth. Reprint.
 id : 245351 ISBN : 0670035874  | name : Understanding September 11th  |  description : Explains the historical and religious issues that sparked terrorists to attack America on September 11, 2001, including information on Islam, Osama bin Laden, and the Middle East.
 id : 245352 ISBN : 0704381133  | name : Dear Mr Kawabata  |  description : A mesmerising and haunting tale of a young dying Lebanese man. In his mind he writes to Japanese writer, Mr Kawabata, arguing with his ideas of free will, living and dying. A bitter-sweet account of life in Beirut and how life could have been.
 id : 245353 ISBN : 0393042049  | name : In Pursuit of a Vanishing Star  |  description : Drawing on the legendary life of Greta Garbo, Gustaf Sobin spins a masterful tale about the enigmatic nature of idolatry.
 id : 245354 ISBN : 0451457625  | name : Winter Knight  |  description : From the bestselling author of "The X-Files" novels, this book opens a new unexplained case from the files of the Black Oak investigations. Private investigator Ethan Proctor delves into the dark secrets of a town cursed for generations by an evil that grants residents their heart's desire--in exchange for their souls.
 id : 245355 ISBN : 0803270720  | name : Another November  |  description : A melancholy novel on the lives of a group of men and women in 1940s France who went to school together. From youth, hope, war--one collaborates, the other resists--to jobs, class, marriage, affairs, divorce and the disappointments of old age. By the author of Years in Ambush.
 id : 245356 ISBN : 0887391826  | name : Parts Unknown  |  description : "Parts Unknown" is a detective mystery with a twist. When the police send one of their own men, Carter Jackson, to investigate a bank robbery, what they don't know is that Jackson is the one responsible for the crime.
 id : 245357 ISBN : 0425166961  | name : The Dead Past  |  description : "Welcome to Felicity Grove. This upstate New York village is as small as it is peaceful. But somehow Jonathan Kendrick's eccentric grandma Anna always manages to find trouble. Crime, scandal, you name it ... this wheelchair-bound senior citizen is involved. So when the phone rings at 4 a.m. in Jonathan's New York City apartment, he knows to expect some kind of dilemma. But Anna's outdone herself this time. She's stumbled across a dead body ... in her trash can."--Back cover
 id : 245358 ISBN : 0380792176  | name : The Game's Afoot, Mrs. Hudson  |  description : Staying at a charming Brighton Inn, Mrs. Emma Hudson and her dear companion Violet Warner relish the resort's colorful history, including ghosts and an unsolved jewel theft. Late one evening, the sounds of a scuffle on the floor above them lead Emma and Vi to the lifeless corpse of a fellow guest. The local authorities rule that the death was accidental, but Mrs. Hudson thinks otherwise. So the game's afoot as Emma begins a spirited investigation aided by Vi--and the resident specters.
 id : 245359 ISBN : 0373263406  | name : Beat Up a Cookie  |  description : Beat Up A Cookie by Denise Dietz released on Jan 25, 2000 is available now for purchase.
 id : 245360 ISBN : 0445402172  | name : Charlie Chan in Keeper of the Keys  |  description : Charlie Chan travels from Hawaii to the mainland to search for Dudley Ward's lost son, but arrives just in time to solve the Mystery of the boy's mother's murder
 id : 245361 ISBN : 0914839667  | name : Crazy for Cats  |  description : A heart warming story of the author's 30-year "love affair" with cats, particularly Siamese.
 id : 245365 ISBN : 0307100618  | name : The Christmas Snowman  |  description : A snowman watches "his" family's preparations for something new to him called "Christmas."
 id : 245366 ISBN : 067104088X  | name : Lets Put on a Show!  |  description : Stephanie and Michelle are in New York City with their Dad. After being told to stick together, they go their separate ways only to get lost trying to find each other.
 id : 245367 ISBN : 055349354X  | name : London Calling  |  description : Elizabeth is 6,000 miles from home -- with no money, no friends, and nowhere to go. What should she do? She can't take the only job she's offered -- a maid in an earl's mansion. That's so 19th century. But she's desperate. So now Liz is a servant. And is treated like one.
 id : 245368 ISBN : 0553566873  | name : Follow Your Heart  |  description : Kerri Andrews, a girl with family troubles, dislikes Austin Parker, until she realizes that he also has problems at home, a situation that leads to their plan to make peace in their families over the holidays. Original.
 id : 245369 ISBN : 044020481X  | name : Good-Bye and Keep Cold  |  description : Edda's mother is courted by the man responsible for her young father's death in a mine accident in a small Kentucky town.
 id : 245370 ISBN : 0671546457  | name : Trapped in Death Cave  |  description : Everybody but Gary thinks grandpa died in a fishing accident. GAry is sure he will find the million dollars in gold as well as grandpa's killer, but treasure hunting can be deadly.
 id : 245371 ISBN : 0140360557  | name : Simon Says  |  description : Being new in school is hard for Kayla, but things get even worse when she discovers the sinister hold that Simon Brewster has over the whole town of Drayton.
 id : 245372 ISBN : 0590411047  | name : Truth Or Dare  |  description : In this easily read story, Cathy thinks she has a friend in sophisticated Jessica but learns differently later.
 id : 245373 ISBN : 0671666045  | name : My Heart Belongs to that Boy  |  description : Fourteen-year-old Linda has a boyfriend! Lenny is a dream come true with big brown eyes and curly brown hair. Best of all, he likes Linda. But having a boyfriend is not all a bed of roses, and Linda soon finds out there is responsibility and pressure involved with falling in love.
 id : 245376 ISBN : 0553294423  | name : Daughter of Darkness  |  description : Wary of new girl Lin Jasandy, with her weird powers and the spooky hold she seems to have over Cass's ex-boyfriend, Cass Fuller decides to go to Midnight Place, where Lin lives, and find out the truth. Original.
 id : 245377 ISBN : 0061060518  | name : Beach Boys  |  description : Alyssa, in search of a romance to heal her broken heart, and Megan, a fun-loving cheerleader, encourage their bookish friend Gabrielle to begin a romance with a lifeguard.
 id : 245379 ISBN : 0590569236  | name : Strike Out!  |  description : Anticipating another baseball season of triumphant wins, Catherine is disappointed when she is selected for a different team that is coached by her own mother and is filled with less-than-serious players. Original.
 id : 245380 ISBN : 0671009621  | name : The Blizzard Disaster  |  description : From the author of the Frightmares series comes an exciting adventure featuring two classmates stranded during a frightening blizzard! Warren Spaulding and Betsy Tyler have teleported themselves back to 1940 Minnesota, to see the Blizzard of the Century and write an eyewitness class report. But their interest in the storm turns to horror when they realize that the Instant Commuter is frozen!
 id : 245381 ISBN : 0380720663  | name : Juliet Fisher and the Foolproof Plan  |  description : Prim and proper third grader Juliet sets out to serve as a good example for the untidy, enthusiastic Lydia Jane, but Lydia Jane starts to rub off on her instead.
 id : 245382 ISBN : 1902618467  | name : Goal Power  |  description : A real life girls' soccer story.
 id : 245383 ISBN : 0590623680  | name : Fifth-Grade Frankenstein  |  description : When an anticipated week of easy coasting with a substitute teacher gives way to terror under the thumb of the meanest substitute in the world, Allen turns to his witch friend for help, with disastrous results. Original.
 id : 245384 ISBN : 0880708999  | name : The Mystery of the Poison Arrow Tree  |  description : Members of the Rugendo Rhinos club, a group of American boys living at a mission station in Kenya, become involved in the strange death of a village boy and rumors of a deadly curse.
 id : 245385 ISBN : 0671637134  | name : Samantha Slade  |  description : Samantha Slade, a resourceful babysitter, accepts a new job, unaware that her charges will be Lupi, a werewolf, and Drake, a vampire.
 id : 245386 ISBN : 0679811125  | name : Frances Four-eyes  |  description : A shy fourth-grader becomes more assertive as she dances the lead role at a recital, suggests a community project in class, and starts to wear her new glasses.
 id : 245388 ISBN : 0816729956  | name : Third Grade Stars  |  description : Third grader Amber experiences jealousy of her friend Delight, a longing to recapture her lost popularity, and a new passion for gymnastics.
 id : 245389 ISBN : 037326304X  | name : Final Closing  |  description : Final Closing by Barbara Lee released on Jan 25, 1999 is available now for purchase.
 id : 245390 ISBN : 157486047X  | name : Let Us Pray  |  description : Cross-stitched sampler designs adapted from vintage lithographs and paintings, including several portraits of Jesus, prayers, Bible quotes, and other Christian themes.
 id : 245391 ISBN : 0842300716  | name : Angels in the Camp  |  description : A fictionalized account of a young Jewish girl's life in war-torn Germany where she discovers the differences Jesus Christ makes, even in the midst of the holocaust.
 id : 245393 ISBN : 1569551472  | name : Give Your Heart a Good Spring Cleaning  |  description : Throw away, give away, keep -- with these watchwords Kendra Smiley's mom annually reduced clutter in her home. In this book, Kendra shows us how to apply the same approaches to "spring clean" our hearts, to sort the things we have hoarded inside, that block wholesome Christian living. With humor, biblical principles and wonderful anecdotes, Kendra shows us how to throw away emotional, psychological and spiritual junk, give away some good things to bless others and keep only the life-sustaining, pure and noble things. Kendra Smiley belongs on the shelf next to Barbara Johnson and Patsy Clairmont -- she's that good.
 id : 245394 ISBN : 0590880098  | name : The Case of the Christmas Caper  |  description : When the "Spirit," a special airplane filled with gifts, goes missing from ELF Airlines on Christmas Eve, Trenchcoat Twins Mary-Kate and Ashley seek out a villain who would spoil the season for kids all over the world. Original.
 id : 245395 ISBN : 0590995529  | name : The Bailey School Kids Joke Book  |  description : A collection of jokes and riddles about the weird figures living in Bailey City.
 id : 245396 ISBN : 0836210360  | name : The Unauthorized Anne Rice Companion  |  description : Nearly seventy articles, interviews, profiles, sidebars, and photographs--organized thematically in five sections, make up a combination general-interest reader, resource guide, and reference to Anne Rice's haunted world. By the editor of The Stephen King Companion. Original.
 id : 245398 ISBN : 0842310924  | name : The Divine Romance  |  description : From the grandeur of Creation to the glorious union of the Savior and his bride, God's love sweeps through eternity in the greatest of all love stories. A book of power, beauty, and grandeur. Rarely has a piece of Christian literature combined the simplicity of the storytelling art with the profound depths of the Christian faith.
 id : 245399 ISBN : 0934793492  | name : Violence in the Workplace  |  description : A guide to preventing and coping with violence committed by angry employees or customers.
 id : 245404 ISBN : 0896580326  | name : Formula 1 2003 World Championship Yearbook  |  description : This is 'the' Formula 1 yearbook, a magnificently produced photographic review of the entire World Championship season, combined with detailed reports and analyses of each of every Grand Prix race around the world. For each race shows the starting line-up, retirements, fastest laps, a detailed account of the race, and of course the result, together with a description of the circuit, the weather conditions on the day of the race, and the particular issues and talking points which dominated discussion at the time. Then there are chapters on the key issues of the season, lavishly illustrated with photographs. Finally, the book contains a portfolio of glorious color photographs by Bryn Williams, covering the entire season, and superb cutaway section drawings of the main competing cars, drawn exclusively for this book by Paolo D'Alessio. No follower of Formula 1 will want to be without this definitive record of a memorable World Championship season.
 id : 245405 ISBN : 0553099744  | name : Darksaber  |  description : Luke Skywalker and Han Solo, cloaked by the Force and riding with the hostile Sand People, have returned to the dunes of the desert planet Tatooine in hopes of finding what Luke so desperately seeks: contact with Obi-Wan Kenobi. Luke is hoping the old Jedi Knight's spirit will tell him how to help his love, Callista, regain her lost ability to use the Force. Tormented and haunted, Luke cannot rest until Callista is a Jedi in the fullest sense, for only then will the link between their minds and souls be restored. Yet brewing on Tatooine is news that will shake Luke and Han and threaten everything they value. The disturbing piece of information is that the evil Hutts, criminal warlords of the galaxy, are building a secret superweapon: a reconstruction of the original Death Star, to be named Darksaber. This planet-crushing power will be in the ruthless hands of Durga the Hutt -- a creature without conscience or mercy. But there is worse news yet: the Empire lives. The beautiful Admiral Daala, still very much alive and more driven than ever to destroy the Jedi, has joined forces with the defeated Pellaeon, former second in command to Grand Admiral Thrawn. Together they are marshaling Imperial forces to wipe out the New Republic. Now, as Luke, Han, Leia, Chewbacca, Artoo and Threepio regroup to face these threats, they are joined by new Jedi Knights and Callista. Together they must fight on two fronts, outshooting and outsmarting the most formidable enemies in the galaxy. In Darksaber the Jedi are heading for the ultimate test of their power--a test in which all the temptations of the dark side beckon. And Luke Skywalker must draw upon his innermost resources to fight for a world in which he can not only live, but dare to love.
 id : 245406 ISBN : 0553348221  | name : Astounding Days  |  description : The author recounts how he became interested in science fiction, discusses the influence of Astounding Stories magazine, and looks back on his involvement in science and technology
 id : 245407 ISBN : 0345385985  | name : The Love Slave  |  description : It is no act of love that Regan experiences the night she takes her sister's place in the marriage bed, a counterfeit bride to sate the lust of her twin's new husband. Come morning, her sister, carrying another man's child, resumes her place and Regan is spirited away to a nunnery. But a more exotic fate awaits the fiery Celtic beauty: Regan is sold to a slave trader. It will be her destiny to come under the tutelage of Karim al Malina, master of the erotic arts, who will mold Regan -- now renamed Zaynab, the beautiful one -- into a Love Slave fit for a Moorish king, though the pair break the first rule of teacher and pupil . . . they fall in love. But Zaynab is not Karim's to keep. She is given to the Caliph of Cordoba, who vows to love her . . . and pleasure her as no younger man can. Yet Regan still longs for her one true love, Karim al Malina, and vows that, somehow, their fates must be reunited . . . . From the Trade Paperback edition.
 id : 245408 ISBN : 0960267646  | name : Chinese Restaurants Never Serve Breakfast  |  description : Private investigator Patrick Riordan has moved his agency from San Francisco to the the tourist-ridden artists' colony of Carmel, California. His first case involves trailing the latest wife of a wealthy, alcoholic blueblood. Then a friend drags him to the scene of a bizarre murder: one-time artist Sheila Lord is reclined naked on a sofa with an artist's palette knife stuck in her neck and a painting of the scene resting on a nearby easel. Riordan, determined to bring her murderer to justice, uncovers drug running, dark family secrets, and jealousies.
 id : 245409 ISBN : 0930330331  | name : Murder a la Stroganoff  |  description : When the critic Pavlo Citrolo is murdered, Vladimir Stroganoff, director of the Ballet Stroganoff dance company, is arrested for the crime
 id : 245411 ISBN : 0671633333  | name : White Cargo  |  description : Devastated by the killing of his family in a savage attack by Latin American pirates, "Cat" Catledge receives a late night call that convinces him that his daughter is alive and embarks on a perilous quest to rescue her
 id : 245413 ISBN : 0373261055  | name : No Duress  |  description : No Duress by Miriam Borgenicht released on Aug 25, 1992 is available now for purchase.
 id : 245414 ISBN : 0345350030  | name : Seasons of Death  |  description : Book five in the Pacific Northwest mystery series featuring bookstore owner and P.I. Conan Flagg. Forty years after Leland Langtry ran off with his secretary and $10,000 in company funds, his body was found inside a boarded-up silver mine tunnel. His ex-partner's knife is still in his chest, and although dead, is declared guilty. But the convicted man's widow doesn't see it that way, and hires private investigator Conan Flagg to find the real murderer--an impossible job made tougher by the curious reticence of nearly everyone in town whenever Leland Langtry is mentioned.... "Conan Flagg may join that intrepid club of private eyes whose members include Ellery Queen, Nero Wolfe, Hercule Poirot, and Sherlock Holmes." THE SEATTLES TIMES
 id : 245415 ISBN : 0671897381  | name : Cat and Mouse  |  description : Gathering information about an executed convict whose biography he is writing, Adam Reed discovers letters written by a fan of the late criminal and begins to suspect that this fan may be responsible for serial killings in California. Original.
 id : 245416 ISBN : 0445405708  | name : The Nothing Man  |  description : After a wartime injury leaves him with a bitter and incomplete life, Clinton Brown turns to drinking and then to the destruction of those who make the mistake of invading his lonely world, as his sole consolation
 id : 245417 ISBN : 0020186002  | name : The Arabian Nights Murder  |  description : Dr. Gideon Fell solves the dagger murder of a frock-coated, false-whiskered man whose corpse is discovered in the great black carriage of the eerie Wade Museum of Oriental Art
 id : 245418 ISBN : 0671689223  | name : Little Girl Lost  |  description : The child star of "E.T." describes her own nightmarish descent into alcohol and drug addiction--habits that were encouraged by her unique lifestyle--and her decision to enter therapy at age thirteen
 id : 245420 ISBN : 0394581075  | name : City of Light  |  description : Working for a small organization monitoring international human rights violations, Thomas Zane is plunged into a nightmarish labyrinth of African politics, betrayal, torture, and death, when he investigates the mysterious killing of his best friend. Tour.
 id : 245422 ISBN : 0060974354  | name : The Snarl of the Beast  |  description : The story that introduced millions of mystery readers to Race Williams, a hard-boiled detective living in the gray areas between law and justice. Williams comes to the aid of a troubled young man who wants to protect his sister from being robbed of a large inheritance by their unscrupulous uncle.
 id : 245424 ISBN : 188836338X  | name : A Frozen Woman  |  description : WINNER OF THE 2022 NOBEL PRIZE IN LITERATURE A Frozen Woman charts Ernaux's teenage awakening, and then the parallel progression of her desire to be desirable and her ambition to fulfill herself in her chosen profession - with the inevitable conflict between the two. And then she is thirty years old, a teacher married to an executive, mother of two infant sons. She looks after their nice apartment, raises her children. And yet, like millions of other women, she has felt her enthusiasm and curiosity, her strength and her happiness, slowly ebb under the weight of her daily routine. The very condition that everyone around her seems to consider normal and admirable for a woman is killing her. While each of Ernaux's books contain an autobiographical element, A Frozen Woman, one of Ernaux's early works, concentrates the spotlight piercingly on Annie herself. Mixing affection, rage and bitterness, A Frozen Woman shows us Ernaux's developing art when she still relied on traditional narrative, before the shortened form emerged that has since become her trademark.
 id : 245425 ISBN : 0312093446  | name : Love and Murder  |  description : Sally Love's exhibition at the Mendel Gallery includes a mural depicting the private parts of her past lovers, and when protestors appear in droves, two dead bodies are found, and Sally's childhood friend, Joanne Kilbourn, must investigate the crimes.
 id : 245427 ISBN : 0553052519  | name : The Butcher's Theater  |  description : Jerusalem Police Inspector David Sharavi and his hand-picked team search for a psychopathic serial killer amidst the sacred precincts, ancient monasteries, and alley ways of the Holy City
 id : 245428 ISBN : 0312094027  | name : To Die Like a Gentleman  |  description : Told through diaries and letters, a mystery set in England in 1842 follows a young governess who is faced with a sinister manservant, a master's tyranny, and a situation fraught with bitter rivalries, intense hatreds, and murder
 id : 245433 ISBN : 0312401604  | name : The Hyde Park Murder  |  description : After being accused of a multi-million-dollar stock swindle, Alfred Doolittle Hannah dies in an apparent suicide, but First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt suspects murder.
 id : 245434 ISBN : 0877955948  | name : Murder on Embassy Row  |  description : Ambassador Geoffrey James might be a British citizen, but when he dies on the night of a gala party, it's up to Captain Sal Morizio of Washington's Metropolitan Police Department to investitgate. Despite orders to desist, Morizio and his lady love, fellow officer Connie Lake, know too much. And what they learn on an international search for missing clues tells them a lot about corruption in high places--and the effects of caviar on otherwise rational people.... Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 245435 ISBN : 0345377656  | name : All the Dark Disguises  |  description : The police have warned Jesus Creek folk that the town is on the Night Terror's itinerary, but thanks to the confabulations over the imminent St. Patrick's Day celebration, no one has time to stew over a madman who kills pretty blondes. The only immediate consequence is that clever Kay -- Jesus Creek poet, waitress, and purveyor of cosmetics -- seizes the opportunity to promote her Lady Mystique Bashful Brunette hair color. But when she finds a pentagram and the words You Next carved into her front door, Kay feels the chill of the hunted. When there's yet another murder, this one signed with the familiar pentagram, the Night Terror becomes Kay's personal horror, a constant nightmare from which she cannot seem to awaken....
 id : 245436 ISBN : 0312956827  | name : Where Darkness Sleeps  |  description : A teenaged runaway in trouble with the law, Emily Jordan is ordered to perform community service at a Wisconsin old age home, where the inmates complain of being held prisoner and rumors of the murder of young girls abound. Original.
 id : 245437 ISBN : 0425168980  | name : Hard Bargain  |  description : When a domestic violence call turns into a murder, Cat Marsala finds herself faced with her toughest case yet, one that could put a friend's job--and life--on the line.
 id : 245438 ISBN : 055326107X  | name : A Deadly Sickness  |  description : Greedy heirs Alan and Diana Poston hope to hasten the long lingering death of Alan's father, Sir Oliver Poston, until an unexpected event upsets their schemes
 id : 245439 ISBN : 0373263295  | name : Ransom for a Killing  |  description : After being exonerated in the rape of a high school classmate, Ben Harvey becomes the suspect in the girl's murder eight years later. Jerry Ransom is drawn to the case, only to discover that the fine line of justice can be razor sharp . . . and deadly. (Ransom's) sharpest, most urgent case yet.--Kirkus Reviews. Martin's Press.
 id : 245441 ISBN : 0441000711  | name : Death and the Maiden  |  description : New in the stunning colonial vampire saga. As the Revolutionary War wages outside, the vampire Jonathan Barrett faces an even greater danger within his family's mansion--in the form of a seductive, scheming woman. To protect his loved ones, Jonathan must give in to his unholy hungers . . . and kill again.
 id : 245443 ISBN : 1562828827  | name : In the Electric Mist with the Confederate Dead  |  description : Chivalric code in the South, makes for a stunning novel in a series that is redefining the genre.
 id : 245446 ISBN : 0380896338  | name : Martian Spring  |  description : A human expedition to Mars intrudes upon the ancient, mysterious tribes of Mars, who are determined to protect their civilization from all trespassers, particularly the human race--who have violated interstellar law with their nuclear weapons
 id : 245447 ISBN : 078688231X  | name : Organize Your Family!  |  description : Offers tips concerning holiday planning, shopping, children, and organizing the household.
 id : 245448 ISBN : 0446533440  | name : Words of Silk  |  description : From the #1 "New York Times" bestselling author of "The Crush" comes a classic love story about a woman whose life drastically changes after she steps onto an elevator.
 id : 245451 ISBN : 073942811X  | name : The Remnant  |  description : Global Community Supreme Potentate Nicolae Carpathia has his oldest and newest enemies right where he wants them: massed at Petra, a million strong--within reach of two bombs and a missile no one could survive without a miracle.
 id : 245452 ISBN : 0895776375  | name : Woodland Walk  |  description : Guides the reader through a three-dimensional forest, created by special windows on each page, and introduces the characteristics, activities, and natural habitat of various animal residents.
 id : 245455 ISBN : 0860204774  | name : Butterflies and Moths  |  description : Describes the characteristics and habits of butterflies and moths for young people.
 id : 245456 ISBN : 1564580253  | name : Insects  |  description : "...these books are worthwhile reading and can be used to stimulate children to learn about, investigate, and appreciate the natural world around them". -- Science Books & Films Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 245458 ISBN : 0027190420  | name : Alphabet Garden  |  description : An alphabetical tour of the animals and plants in a garden, from arbor to zinnias.
 id : 245459 ISBN : 0671896288  | name : Inside Star Trek  |  description : A history of the classic television series describes the 1964 collaboration of the authors and Gene Roddenberry and chronicles the personalities, production methods, and special effects that resulted in the show's phenomenal legacy
 id : 245460 ISBN : 0374422737  | name : Fat Man in a Fur Coat  |  description : All types of bears abound in this compilation of fifty legends, myths, tall tales, anecdotes, and factual accounts about bears spanning the ages from prehistoric times to the present.
 id : 245461 ISBN : 0670001260  | name : The Outermost House  |  description : A chronicle of a solitary year spent on a Cape Cod beach, "The Outermost House" has long been recognized as a classic of American nature writing and is now available in a 75th anniversary edition. Illustration & map.
 id : 245462 ISBN : 0917657403  | name : Darlin' Bill  |  description : An imaginative account of the real-life love affair between Bill Hickok and Sally Ovenshine, in the adventurous days of the American West, follows the two lovers from their strange initial meeting through Hickok's violent death
 id : 245463 ISBN : 0486217159  | name : Uncle Silas  |  description : Maud Ruthyn and her father are haunted by premonitions of death during their sojourn in a gloomy old mansion
 id : 245465 ISBN : 0394715160  | name : Sandro of Chegem  |  description : The story of the comic adventures of Uncle Sandro ranges from the 1880s to the 1960s and satirizes life in a small village under Soviet domination - Google Books.
 id : 245467 ISBN : 067974245x  | name : Me  |  description : Photographs from Hepburn's personal collection highlight the candid memoirs of the life, long career, friendships, and loves of the legendary Hollywood actress.
 id : 245468 ISBN : 0913780022  | name : Rubyfruit Jungle  |  description : Born a bastard, Molly Bolt is adopted by a dirt-poor Southern couple who want something better for their daughter. Molly plays doctor with the boys, beats up Leroy the tub and loses her virginity to her girlfriend in sixth grade. As she grows to realize she's different, Molly decides not to apologize for that. In no time she mesmerizes the head cheerleader of Ft. Lauderdale High and captivates a gorgeous bourbon-guzzling heiress. But the world is not tolerant. Booted out of college for moral turpitude, an unrepentant, penniless Molly takes New York by storm, sending not a few female hearts aflutter with her startling beauty, crackling wit and fierce determination to become the greatest filmmaker that ever lived.
 id : 245472 ISBN : 2080706578  | name : Madame Bovary  |  description : Emma maigrit, ses joues pâlirent, sa figure s'allongea. Avec ses bandeaux noirs, ses grands yeux, son nez droit, sa démarche d'oiseau, et toujours silencieuse maintenant, ne semblait-elle pas traverser l'existence en y touchant à peine, et porter au front la vague empreinte de quelque prédestination sublime ? Elle était si triste et si calme, si douce à la fois et si réservée, que l'on se sentait près d'elle pris par un charme glacial, comme l'on frissonne dans les églises sous le parfum des fleurs mêlé au froid des marbres (...) Mais elle était pleine de convoitises, de rage, de haine. Cette robe aux plis droits cachait un cœur bouleversé, et ces lèvres si pudiques n'en racontaient pas la tourmente. Elle était amoureuse...
 id : 245474 ISBN : 2080701037  | name : Bouvard et Pécuchet  |  description : Gustave Flaubert BOUVARD ET PECUCHET Oeuvre posthume (parution 1881)
 id : 245475 ISBN : 0395051290  | name : Moll Flanders  |  description : Moll Flanders is one of the best-selling novels of all time.
 id : 245476 ISBN : 0060197196  | name : The Most Beautiful Woman in the World  |  description : An exposT of Elizabeth Taylor's private life includes coverage of her brain surgery, her successful fragrance line, her recovery from a near nervous breakdown, and her relationships with her husbands and other men. (Biography)
 id : 245477 ISBN : 0312193637  | name : The Widow Killer  |  description : A savage morality tale set in the German-occupied city of Prague sets a young Czech detective and a Gestapo agent on the trail of a perverted serial killer
 id : 245482 ISBN : 0912586249  | name : The Sacred  |  description : An informative introduction to traditional and contemporary religious concepts of North American Indians, and a standard reference for all U.S. and Canadian universities.
 id : 245484 ISBN : 0030461359  | name : Life in a Turkish Village  |  description : These case studies in cultural anthropology are designed to bring to students insights into the richness and complexity of human life as it is lived in different ways and in different places. They are written by men and women who have lived in societies they write about, and who are professionally trained as observers and interpreters of human behavior. The authors are also teachers, and in writing their books they have kept the students who will read them foremost in their minds. It is our belief that when an understanding of ways of life very different from one's own is gained, abstractions and generalizations about social structure, cultural values, subsistence techniques, and the other universal categories of human social behavior become meaningful. This case study is divided into two parts. In the first part one sees life in an Anatolian village through the eyes of a small boy who is just beginning the long induction into a man's role. In part two the author shifts to a more conventional analysis of Anatolian village life. He presents straightforward descriptive interpretations of the social system, economy, political structure, religious and folk beliefs, and an intriguing chapter on language and a world view.
 id : 245485 ISBN : 0452258820  | name : Men on Men  |  description : Editor George Stambolian has gathered here the most popular and gifted voicesin gay fiction today.
 id : 245486 ISBN : 0753450267  | name : Supernatural Stories  |  description : A collection of classic and contemporary stories by such authors as Ray Bradbury, Saki, Rudyard Kipling, and Margaret Mahy, all featuring supernatural themes.
 id : 245487 ISBN : 0425061868  | name : Helliconia Spring  |  description : In Helliconia, a world far from Earth, a young man named Yuli builds the city of Oldorando, a city that now faces the threat of the phagors, a beast species rivaling mankind
 id : 245488 ISBN : 140003065x  | name : A Fine Balance  |  description : With a compassionate realism and narrative sweep that recall the work of Charles Dickens, this magnificent novel captures all the cruelty and corruption, dignity and heroism, of India. The time is 1975. The place is an unnamed city by the sea. The government has just declared a State of Emergency, in whose upheavals four strangers--a spirited widow, a young student uprooted from his idyllic hill station, and two tailors who have fled the caste violence of their native village--will be thrust together, forced to share one cramped apartment and an uncertain future. As the characters move from distrust to friendship and from friendship to love, A Fine Balance creates an enduring panorama of the human spirit in an inhuman state.
 id : 245489 ISBN : 0671617672  | name : Spinster  |  description : A dedicated teacher vividly recalls moments in her classroom as she stimulates learning among Maori children
 id : 245490 ISBN : 1853262846  | name : Erewhon  |  description : Erewhon, an anagram of nowhere is an unknown civilization in a remote British colony, is an anti-utopia in which illness is a criminal offence, children choose their own parents and beauty signifies morality. Butler attacks ecclesiastical institutions and the moral hypocrisy of Victorian England.
 id : 245491 ISBN : 0394539206  | name : The Life and Loves of a She-devil  |  description : This is not a book for everyone, but its admirers are vigorously enthusiastic. For example: Rhoda Koenig in New York Magazine, who calls it ." . . a novel of blazingly hot revenge, one that amply illustrates the saying about heaven having no rage like love turned to hate, nor hell a fury like a woman scorned." Or Rosalyn Drexler, who said on the front page of The New York Times Book Review, "It affords a scintillating, mindboggling, vicarious thrill for any reader who has ever fantasized dishing out retribution for one wrong or another."Or Carol E. Rinzler, who wrote on The Washington Post Book World's front page, ." . . what makes this a powerfully funny and oddly powerful book is the energy of the language and of the intellect that conceived it, an energy that vibrates off the pages and that makes SHE-DEVIL as exceptional a book in the remembering as in the reading . . . . a small, mad masterpiece." Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 245492 ISBN : 0152956999  | name : The Whisper of Glocken  |  description : Carol Kendall's witty, epic tales about the race of people called the Minnipins are now available as Odyssey/Harcourt Young Classics. Now a new generation of readers can thrill to the adventures of the tiny folk who become mighty heroes. The original interior illustrations by Erik Blegvad and Imero Gobbato have been retained, but vibrant new cover art by beloved illustrators Tim and Greg Hildebrandt gives the books a new look for a new audience.
 id : 245494 ISBN : 0385415133  | name : Prize Stories 1991  |  description : The O. Henry Prize Stories 1991 collects 20 of the best short stories of the year, selected from thousands published in literary magazines. “The Sandstone Farmhouse” by John Updike, which tells of a difficult relationship of a son and his mother over 50 years, takes the coveted top prize. The other stories in this collection are: Joyce Carol Oates “The Swimmers” Sharon Sheehe Stark “Overland” Martha Lacy Hall “The Apple-Green Triumph” Wayne Johnson “Hippies, Indians, Buffalo” Perri Klass “For Women Everywhere” Helen Norris “Raisin Faces” Patricia Lear “Powwow” Charles Baxter “Saul and Patsy Are Pregnant” Sylvia A. Watanabe “Talking to the Dead” T. Alan Broughton “Ashes” Diane Levenberg “The Ilui” Ursula K. Le Guin “Hand, Cup, Shell” Alice Adams “Earthquake Damage” Charlotte Zoë Walker “The Very Pineapple” Ronald Sukenick “Ecco” Dennis McFarland “Nothing to Ask For” Millicent Dillon “Oil and Water” Marly Swick “Moscow Nights” Thomas Fox Averill “During the Twelfth Summer of Elmer D. Peterson” “This collection is both meritorious and diverse. The work ranges from plainly written stories brimming with resonant significance to full-blown extravaganzas. . . . Recommended.”—Library Journal
 id : 245495 ISBN : 087773402x  | name : On the Way to the Wedding  |  description : With deep understanding and practical wisdom, Linda Leonard writes about the longing for a true wedding, one that unites two beings in a sacred search for meaning in life. Exploring dreams, personal experiences, myths and fairy tales, and themes from films and literature, the author uncovers the inner obstacles to love and creativity as experienced by both men and women.
 id : 245497 ISBN : 0679439838  | name : The Book of Color  |  description : Growing up on an island off the coast of Mauritius, a missionary's young son is sent to England to be with his troubled mother and becomes a rigid minister whose own son fights with seemingly inherent family demons. 25,000 first printing. Tour.
 id : 245498 ISBN : 0385486685  | name : The Barker Street Regulars  |  description : Writer Holly Winter and her two beloved malamutes, Rowdy and Kimi, are caught up in a wickedly amusing tale of dastardly deeds and delightful eccentrics involving an unscrupulous dog psychic.
 id : 245500 ISBN : 051723159X  | name : A Christmas Carol  |  description : Dickens' tale of Scrooge's discovery of the true Christmas spirit is presented with Rackham's famous pictorial interpretations
 id : 245502 ISBN : 0394736575  | name : A House in the Country  |  description : The Ventura children--ranging in age from six to sixteen--pursue their own elaborate games on a magnificient estate in South America. When the adults leave for a picnic "the games" of the children erupt in destruction.
 id : 245503 ISBN : 0689707010  | name : The Last Place on Earth  |  description : Recounts the efforts of Scott, a British explorer, and Amundsen, a Norwegian, to be the first to reach the South Pole
 id : 245505 ISBN : 0139229485  | name : To Live Until We Say Good-bye  |  description : The process of dying as experienced by a youngster, an adult, and an elderly person.
 id : 245506 ISBN : 0140045414  | name : Writers at Work  |  description : A collection of candid and informative interviews with 14 authors ranging from poets to humorists
 id : 245507 ISBN : 0824516524  | name : Everything Belongs  |  description : Using Zen parables and personal experiences, Rohr leads readers beyond the techniques of prayer to a place where they can receive the gift of contemplation--and know that everything belongs.
 id : 245511 ISBN : 1886110867  | name : Coach K  |  description : His name is Mke Krzyzewski. You can call him Coach K. And he has the basketball team that can't be beaten -- Duke is a powerhouse, thanks to the winning tradition this coach has created at Duke University.
 id : 245512 ISBN : 0805206884  | name : Sunset Song  |  description : Scotland's favorite modern novel "Sunset Song" is the first volume in Gibbon's revered trilogy, "A Scot's Quair." In it, he chronicles the life of young Chris Guthrie. Living in the harsh landscape of northern Scotland, she is torn between her passion for the land, duty to her family, and love of books. When her mother kills herself and her two youngest children, Chris and her father are left to run the farm on their own. But everything changes once more as the First World War begins. Infused with local vernacular, "Sunset Song" is a poignant and intense portrait of Scottish life in the early twentieth century.
 id : 245513 ISBN : 0060971614  | name : Son of the Morning Star  |  description : A runaway bestseller in hardcover and paperback, Son of the Morning Star will now bring the adventurous tale of General George Armstrong Custer to a new, even wider audience. Ties in to a two-part CBS television miniseries airing this summer. "A new American classic".--Time.
 id : 245514 ISBN : 0385279760  | name : All Passion Spent  |  description : Originally published: London: Hogarth Press, c1931.
 id : 245515 ISBN : 1572411198  | name : Love  |  description : Finally, "Moonlight," portrays a woman who, her mind awakened by another man's intellectual ambitions and social idealism, betrays her husband but is doomed to continue living with him after he kills her lover in a duel."--Jacket.
 id : 245517 ISBN : 0060916818  | name : The Chaneysville Incident  |  description : The legends say something happened in Chaneysville. The Chaneysville Incident is the powerful story of one man's obsession with discovering what that something was--a quest that takes the brilliant and bitter young black historian John Washington back through the secrets and buried evil of his heritage. Returning home to care for and then bury his father's closest friend and his own guardian, Old Jack Crawley, he comes upon the scant records of his family's proud and tragic history, which he drives himself to reconstruct and accept. This is the story of John's relationship with his family, the town, and the woman he loves; and also between the past and the present, between oppression and guilt, hate and violence, love and acceptance.
 id : 245518 ISBN : 0394524713  | name : Sounding  |  description : A mighty sperm whale, looking for a chance to meet and understand man, gets his chance when a Russian sub is stranded miles beneath the water's surface.
 id : 245519 ISBN : 0231072767  | name : The Innocent Assassins  |  description : Essays discuss size, time, the landscape, the world view of modern biology, two-dimensional animals, sabertooth tigers, evolution, and the scientific method.
 id : 245521 ISBN : 0435988441  | name : Beka Lamb  |  description : Set in Belize, Beka Lamb is the record of a few months in the life of Beka and her family.
 id : 245522 ISBN : 0898159741  | name : The Lawyer who Blew Up His Desk  |  description : Trial lawyer Joseph Matthews brings us the view from the legal trenches in a series of witty, dramatic, and often downright absurd looks at our justice system. Whether you are looking to laugh your briefs off or come under the spell of a wild cast of characters, Matthew's book has something for every discerning reader.
 id : 245523 ISBN : 0679860525  | name : Mr. Chas and Lisa Sue Meet the Pandas  |  description : While exploring their New York City apartment building, seven-year-old Mr. Chas and Lisa Sue discover two pandas.
 id : 245525 ISBN : 0517676753  | name : The One that Got Away  |  description : Collection of fishing stories, legends, and lore, with authors ranging from greatest of storytellers to the lesser-known but equally talented fishing luminaries.
 id : 245526 ISBN : 0963832123  | name : Tooth Fitness  |  description : A guide to preventative self-care. Using a humorous, non-threatening approach provides a user-friendly manual. Shows how a multitude of dental problems are completely preventable. Great for dental waiting rooms. Inspires and provides simple, easy to do prevention.
 id : 245528 ISBN : 0517394499  | name : Dances with Wolves  |  description : Ordered to hold an abandoned army post, John Dunbar found himself alone, beyond the edge of civilization. Thievery and survival soon forced him into the Indian camp, where he began a dangerous adventure that changed his life forever. Relive the adventure and beauty of the incredible movie, DANCES WITH WOLVES. "From the Paperback edition.
 id : 245529 ISBN : 1569563683  | name : I Is for Innocent  |  description : " One of Kinsey's most electryfing adventures to date...Another irresistible installment of Ms. Grafton's series." THE BALTIMORE SUNFired by the insurance agency for whom she investigates, Kinsey is forced to take on a last-minute murder investigation in which the ex-husband of a murdered artist claims that David Barney, her current husband, is guilty as sin. Barney gets to Kinsey and insists he's innocent. But if he is, who's guilty? In trying to learn who's been getting away with murder, Kinsey may be courting her own....
 id : 245530 ISBN : 0910395012  | name : Kaputt  |  description : Curzio Malaparte was a disaffected supporter of Mussolini with a taste for danger and high living. Sent by an Italian paper during World War II to cover the fighting on the Eastern Front, Malaparte secretly wrote this terrifying report from the abyss, which became an international bestseller when it was published after the war. Telling of the siege of Leningrad, of glittering dinner parties with Nazi leaders, and of trains disgorging bodies in war-devastated Romania, Malaparte paints a picture of humanity at its most depraved. Kaputt is an insider's dispatch from the world of the enemy that is as hypnotically fascinating as it is disturbing. Book jacket.
 id : 245531 ISBN : 0809117959  | name : Nog's Vision  |  description : The Pricklies led a comfortable life, never getting too close to each other, until a smooth blue creature named Nog was born among them and changed their way of life.
 id : 245534 ISBN : 0528876856  | name : Misty of Chincoteague  |  description : Two youngsters' determination to own a Chincoteague pony is greatly increased when the Phantom and her colt are among those rounded up for the yearly auction.
 id : 245535 ISBN : 0820314307  | name : Men of Our Time  |  description : In this groundbreaking volume, Fred Moramarco and Al Zolynas bring together a comprehensive and widely representative selection of poetry reflecting both the diversity and the commonality of male experience in the United States today.
 id : 245538 ISBN : 0870441760  | name : The Craftsman in America  |  description : Explains the history of handicrafts in the United States including examples of work by silversmith, Paul Revere; carpenter, Seth Story; embroidery worker, Mary Foot and many others.
 id : 245539 ISBN : 1566392217  | name : Life's America  |  description : "Explores the origins of the visual portrait of domesticity that has dominated American culture since World War II."--Preface. This exploration comes from the author's examination of images published in Life magazine during its heyday, the forties and fifties.
 id : 245540 ISBN : 087773478X  | name : Lotus and the Pool  |  description : This book offers a totally new, holistic approach to career development, involving the wisdom of the unconscious—expressed in dreams, symbols, personal myths, intuitions, and memories—as well as the analytical skills needed to set goals and plan strategies. It is designed for anyone who has to make important life decisions—whether in choosing a field, changing careers, trying to get more satisfaction out of work, planning for retirement, or reentering the job market. Based on the principles of creativity as revealed in the world's creation myths and in the techniques of artists, poets, and inventors, the book presents a ten-step process of creative career development. Case histories from the author's counseling practice demonstrate the process at work, and a workbook section gives exercises to help readers: • Examine past successes for clues to aptitude and values • Analyze the success factors that characterize their achievements • Use imaging and other creativity techniques to discover their own inner symbols and personal myths • Develop an action plan for finding or creating their ideal career
 id : 245541 ISBN : 057003230x  | name : Psalms/now  |  description : The Psalms. Cries from isolation. Exuberant shouts of praise. Doubt and trust. Anguish, joy, and fear of the Lord. Here the psalmists' bold, free prayers become yours in the words and phrases and look of today. - Jacket flap.
 id : 245542 ISBN : 0747542392  | name : Waterloo Story  |  description : In a sixth-floor South Bank warehouse, home of the family firm Hughes and Hughes, a troubled young man known as "Ghost" attends to stocks of hardware while he quietly observes a variety of characters. Two particular individuals draw his attention as they struggle to dominate the firm.
 id : 245545 ISBN : 0917102231  | name : All about Roses  |  description : This is a complete guide to selection, growing and maintaining roses.
 id : 245546 ISBN : 0030710278  | name : Letter to Lord Liszt  |  description : A novel centering around a letter from Franz Horn to Dr. Liszt, a colleague whose rise had been reason for Horn’s attempted suicide. Liszt, experiencing his own impending demotion, tried to enlist the friendship of Horn, but experiences an explosion of hostility as Horn relates the cruel rise of Liszt and the six laws of social physics that forever separate the successful from those who are not successful. The book is an indictment of the commercialism and anti-individualism of German society in the 1960s and 1970s.
 id : 245547 ISBN : 0553241583  | name : Anne of the Island  |  description : In the second sequel to "Anne of Green Gables" Anne Shirley goes to Redmond College, where she makes new friends, including the handsome Roy Gardner, whose attentions to make her old friend Gilbert Blythe very jealous.
 id : 245549 ISBN : 0394723457  | name : Women of the Shadows  |  description : Conversations with and observations of peasant women of southern Italy reveal the hardships, sorrows, strengths, and perseverance of wives and mothers who are burdened with unremitting poverty and frustration
 id : 245551 ISBN : 0195087577  | name : Passion and Reason  |  description : Exploring the latest findings on the short and long-term causes and effects of various emotions, such as the role played by stress in heart disease, the author of Contemporary Psychology offers a management resource for general readers. UP.
 id : 245553 ISBN : 0935127054  | name : The Changing Sky  |  description : "The Changing Sky" features a brief review of the astrological basics and then, the meat of the book: Transits, the current positions of the plants in the sky compared to one's birth chart, Progressions, a day symbolically equated to a year in one's life, and the Art of Synthesis, how to put it all together.
 id : 245554 ISBN : 0374522499  | name : Reading American Photographs  |  description : Considers five documentary sequences or narratives: the antebellum portraits of Mathew Brady and others; the Civil War albums of Alexander Gardner, George Barnard and A.J. Russell; the Western survey and landscape photographs of Timothy O'Sullivan, A.J. Russell, and Carleton Watkins; and social photographs and texts by Alfred Stieglitz and Lewis Hine; as well as documentaries inspired by the Depression, esp. Walker Evans's American Photographs.
 id : 245557 ISBN : 0452273013  | name : Stubborn Twig  |  description : "An illuminating book which shouts for rationality and richly rewards the reader."-Asian Week.
 id : 245559 ISBN : 0060167785  | name : La Storia  |  description : The lives of millions of fellow Americans.
 id : 245560 ISBN : 0595132456  | name : The Powells.com Interviews  |  description : The Powells.com Interviews presents twenty-two candid conversations with a remarkable selection of critically acclaimed authors and artists. Novelists, journalists, travel writers, a famous photographer, a radio host, a pop star… The subjects interviewed in this special collection have earned the highest honors in publishing—a Pulitzer Prize, two Booker Prizes, a National Book Award, a PEN/Faulkner Award, a Newbery Medal, and inclusion in the recent Best American Short Stories of the Century collection, to list just a few. Their work is enjoyed by fans around the world. From children’s books to suspense novels, poetry to portrait photography, the titles produced by these talented men and women represent the best of contemporary publishing. Here, the authors discuss their influences and shed light on the creative process—they invite you inside their books. Readers will gain new appreciation for some of their favorite works and find many more recommended titles to enjoy years into the future. Featured: Michael Ondaatje, Annie Leibovitz, Roddy Doyle, Ha Jin, Mary Higgins Clark, Susan Orlean and many others.
 id : 245561 ISBN : 0151936382  | name : The View in Winter  |  description : The words of old people in an English village--a schoolmaster, a miner's mother, soldiers of the First World War, and others--and the words of those charged with their care are shared with the reader in poignant, recorded self-revelations
 id : 245563 ISBN : 0385141114  | name : My Enemy the Queen  |  description : It was Lettice who married the Earl of Leicester, whom Elizabeth I loved. It was Lettice who was the mother of the Queen's beloved Earl of Essex. It was always Lettice, the constant spoiler in the triangle of love surrounding Elizabeth.
 id : 245565 ISBN : 1891620029  | name : Fear No Evil  |  description : Temperamentally and intellectually, Natan Sharansky is a man very much like many of us—which makes this account of his arrest on political grounds, his trial, and ten years' imprisonment in the Orwellian universe of the Soviet gulag particularly vivid and resonant. Since Fear No Evil was originally published in 1988, the Soviet government that imprisoned Sharansky has collapsed. Sharansky has become an important national leader in Israel—and serves as Israel's diplomatic liaison to the former Soviet Union! New York Times Jerusalem Bureau Chief Serge Schmemann reflects on those monumental events, and on Sharansky's extraordinary life in the decades since his arrest, in a new introduction to this edition. But the truths Sharansky learned in his jail cell and sets forth in this book have timeless importance so long as rulers anywhere on earth still supress their own peoples. For anyone with an interest in human rights—and anyone with an appreciation for the resilience of the human spirit—he illuminates the weapons with which the powerless can humble the powerful: physical courage, an untiring sense of humor, a bountiful imagination, and the conviction that "Nothing they do can humiliate me. I alone can humiliate myself."
 id : 245570 ISBN : 0824500857  | name : Tales of a Magic Monastery  |  description : Here, the charming, mature stories from the internationallly beloved monk are accompanied by original art. Like the parables of Jesus, these tales repeatedly unfold new levels of meaning if we are willing to sit with them.
 id : 245571 ISBN : 1569471029  | name : The Perfidious Parrot  |  description : An oil tanker is hijacked in the Caribbean and the owners commission two Dutch detectives to find it. The men are Grijpstra and de Gier, and as they investigate, they dispense their impressions of the Caribbean.
 id : 245572 ISBN : 0802131581  | name : St. Petersburg  |  description : In this incomparable novel of the seething revolutionary Russia of 1905, Andrey Bely plays ingeniously on the great themes of Russian history and literature as he tells the mesmerizing tale of Apollon Apollonovich Ableukhov, a high-ranking Tsarist official, and his dilettante son, Nikolai, an aspiring terrorist, whose first assignment is to assassinate his father.
 id : 245573 ISBN : 0870441280  | name : America's Inland Waterway  |  description : "Sky, water, wave-lashed rock, that lovely shore ... for a time they are all yours, and they set you free," writes Allan C. Fisher, Jr., in praise of boating, at the start of his voyage down the Atlantic Intracoastal Waterway
 id : 245574 ISBN : 0965104265  | name : The Torture Garden  |  description : Translated by Alvah C. Bessie,Described as one of the most truly original works,ever imagined, and considered a classic of,literature, the Torture Garden is exceptional for,its detailed descriptions of sexual euphoria and,exquisite torture, its political critique of,government corruption and bureauracy, and its,revolutionary portrait of a woman - which,challenges even contemporary models of feminine,authority. A landmark in the fight against all,that would suppress the creation of a far freer,world.
 id : 245576 ISBN : 0517163020  | name : The Complete Works of William Shakespeare  |  description : Definitive, comprehensive, and handsome edition presents every one of Shakespeare's great plays-the Comedies, Tragedies and Histories-plus his poems and, of course, the Sonnets. All in one beautifully illustrated volume. B & W illustrations throughout.
 id : 245579 ISBN : 058248488X  | name : English Social History  |  description : Daily life is the central focus of the distinguished British historian's narrative.
 id : 245580 ISBN : 0613291840  | name : The Amazing Mrs. Pollifax  |  description : When Emily Pollifax answered the phone that Sunday morning she quickly forgot about her Garden Club tea in the afternoon. The last time she had heard the voice on the other end of the line it had sent her off on a journey that plunged her into a wild tangle of secret agents and high adventure. Now the man from the CIA was asking if she could leave immediately on a mission that would take her halfway across the world. What could Mrs. Pollifax say but yes?--From the publisher.
 id : 245582 ISBN : 0226424189  | name : French Lessons  |  description : Kpalan recounts a childhood in which disturbing reminders of the old world--her grandmother's lapses into Yiddish and Hebrew; photos from the Nuremberg trials--prepared her for the exile, and with it the passion for otherness that came as she left home for a boarding school in Switzerland and her first trip to Paris.
 id : 245583 ISBN : 0374165947  | name : Grand Illusion  |  description : Focusing on the "American Century," the author explores the myths and realities of American power and discusses the role of the nation as a new century dawns. By the author of William F. Buckley, Jr.: Patron Saint of the Conservatives.
 id : 245585 ISBN : 069703349X  | name : The Science of Entomology  |  description : Structure and function. Insects and their environment. Unity and diversity. Applied entomology.
 id : 245589 ISBN : 006097401x  | name : The Perez Family  |  description : Describes the lives of a Cuban American family living in Miami
 id : 245592 ISBN : 0879754559  | name : Forbidden Fruit  |  description : Fundamentalists from all religious persuasions deny the possibility of morality without belief in God. Yet belief in God is no guarantee of moral virtue - as the evils committed in the name of religion, past and present, have shown. Are there ethical, nonreligious choices that will work for a world in crisis? In this original and penetrating book, America's leading secular humanist philosopher affirms that it is possible to live the good life and be morally responsible without belief in religion. Kurtz delineates the means by which humanity can transcend the limitations of traditional religious loyalties and achieve a higher stage of ethics. In order to progress to a maximum level of creative development, the author maintains that we must be nourished by the "forbidden fruit" of the knowledge of good and evil, grounding principles and values in autonomous reason. This is the path that leads to the discovery of significant ethical truths that can guide both self-reliant conduct and consideration for the rights of others. By breaking the bonds of theistic illusion, we can summon the courage and wisdom to develop a rational ethic based on a realistic appraisal of nature and an awareness of the centrality of the moral decencies common to all peoples. The ultimate key to the good life is to eat of the fruit of the second tree in the Garden of Eden - the tree of life - discovering for ourselves the manifold potentialities for a bountiful existence.
 id : 245594 ISBN : 0870444794  | name : Exploring America's Scenic Highways  |  description : A celebration of America's colorful highways in words & pictures.
 id : 245595 ISBN : 0870443615  | name : High Country Trail  |  description : A journey along the continental Divide in words and pictures.
 id : 245598 ISBN : 0825303915  | name : The Italian Lesson  |  description : In the Castello of San Salvatore above Florence, lecturer William Farmer pursues his search for E.M. Forster and his wife recovers from a recent stillbirth.
 id : 245600 ISBN : 0525186654  | name : Quartet in Autumn  |  description : Four elderly, single co-workers, two men and two women who have only their work and each other to live for, are forced to deal with changes brought on by the women's retirement
 id : 245602 ISBN : 0486246035  | name : Death and the Pleasant Voices  |  description : Stranded, by a storm, at Ullston Hall, Jake Seaborne, a young medical student, becomes caught up in the struggles over a family inheritance
 id : 245603 ISBN : 0670801860  | name : The Stone and the Flute  |  description : Setting out on a journey with a rare and magical stone, Listener searches for his grandfather, the legendary Gentle Fluter, from whom he will inherit a magical instrument and for the woman whose eyes match the colors of the stone
 id : 245605 ISBN : 0393030253  | name : This I Cannot Forget  |  description : Portrays life among the founding fathers of the Soviet Union and the author's quest to restore the reputation of her late husband, Nikolai Bukharin
 id : 245607 ISBN : 0781268001  | name : Hugh Wynne, Free Quaker  |  description : Bonded Leather binding
 id : 245608 ISBN : 0486233308  | name : Adventures with a Hand Lens  |  description : Clearly written guide to observing and studying flowers and grasses, fish scales, moth and insect wings, egg cases, buds, and more — all with an ordinary magnifying glass. 209 line drawings.
 id : 245609 ISBN : 0394584368  | name : Crocus in the Snow  |  description : Poems deal with love, hope, spring, potential, flattery, adversity, beauty, opportunity, fear, and eternity
 id : 245610 ISBN : 0070064288  | name : And Never Said a Word  |  description : A struggling couple living in poverty separate only to find that their newfound separation does not bring them happiness.
 id : 245611 ISBN : 0831763140  | name : The Natural History of North America  |  description : Describes the terrain, landscape, and variety of plants, mammals, birds, reptiles, and invertebrates found in each ecological region of North America
 id : 245613 ISBN : 0380542471  | name : The Well of Loneliness  |  description : "Stephen is an ideal child of aristocratic parents - a fencer, a horse rider and a keen scholar, Stephen grows up to be a war hero, a bestselling writer and a loyal, protective lover. But Stephen is a woman, and her lovers are women. As her ambitions drive her, and society confines her, Stephen is forced into desperate actions. The Well of Loneliness was banned for obscenity when published in 1928. It became an international bestseller, and for decades was the single most famous lesbian novel. It has influenced how love between women is understood, for the twentieth century and beyond."--Jacket.
 id : 245614 ISBN : 0671200623  | name : The Aspirin Age, 1919-1941  |  description : 22 essays describing significant events and people in American history of the post-World War I era including the market crash, prohibition, and Wendell Wilkie
 id : 245615 ISBN : 0060161957  | name : The King  |  description : King Arthur rediscovered . . . doing battle with the Nazis in a tale as tender as it is fanciful. A comic gem from one of America's funniest, most celebrated writers, illustrated by award-winning artist Barry Moser.
 id : 245616 ISBN : 0312096275  | name : Bright Young Things  |  description : Two young women from different backgrounds become friends when they go to work for an advertising agency in London during the 1920s and find their lives complicated by love and work
 id : 245617 ISBN : 0808505173  | name : Sybil  |  description : Meet Sybil--and the sixteen selves, both men and women, to whom she played host, each with a different personality, speech pattern, and personal appearance.
 id : 245620 ISBN : 0471295388  | name : Too Good To Be Forgotten  |  description : A history of the 1960s as seen from the viewpoint of one of its more active participants. Based on his experience as a journalist in the centre of the anti-war movement, David Obst's chronicle of the Vietnam era provides readers with a true feeling of the times.
 id : 245621 ISBN : 0385242662  | name : Intimacy  |  description : Dr. McAdams explores the development of intimacy in the human life cycle, from the parent-infant bond to the intense friendships of preadolescence to adult intimacy needs. He shows that men and women differ in the types of intimacy they crave.
 id : 245622 ISBN : 1565124022  | name : The Radiation Sonnets  |  description : Offering a triumphant celebration of the human spirit, even in times of pain, the multi-award-winning author presents a sequence of reflective and poignant poems that deal with a life-altering crisis in her life, her husband's brain tumor, his difficult odyssey through radiation treatment, her abiding love for her spouse, and her refusal to abandon hope.
 id : 245623 ISBN : 0140123261  | name : Irish Folk and Fairy Tales  |  description : Tells the stories of brave warriors, fairies, leprechauns, banshees, werewolves, mermaids, saints, and curses
 id : 245624 ISBN : 0385062443  | name : Beulah Land  |  description : The saga of a Southern family on a Georgia plantation in the late 1800's.
 id : 245625 ISBN : 0385128266  | name : Look Away, Beulah Land  |  description : The people of the great plantation of Beulah Land, including the Kendriks--its masters--a Union deserter, and freed slaves, determine to create a new way of life from the ruins of the Civil War
 id : 245626 ISBN : 0671224514  | name : The Cat  |  description : Discusses the evolution, physcial characteristics, senses, diseases, habits, and behavior of domestic cats, and examines their association with man and the development of human attitudes towards them.
 id : 245628 ISBN : 0453005152  | name : The Darkling Hills  |  description : Princess Dallena and nobleman Rendell, whose union is forbidden by the ancient laws of the goddess Nialia and provokes a prophecy of doom, are cast from Lindahne as their country comes under siege by a powerful rival empire
 id : 245630 ISBN : 0870442317  | name : Still Waters, White Waters  |  description : A look at America's rivrs and lakes in words and pictures.
 id : 245635 ISBN : 0671797840  | name : Legacy of the Heart  |  description : Contends that childhood pain can be the source of happiness and includes a twelve-step outline to help adult children of troubled families heal childhood wounds that are prohibiting happiness in adulthood.
 id : 245636 ISBN : 159224730X  | name : The Cloister and the Hearth  |  description : Cloister and the Hearth, Volume III: "The Cloister and the Hearth" is Charles Reade's greatest work--and, I believe, the greatest historical novel in the language. . . ." -- from Walter Besant's introduction
 id : 245637 ISBN : 0385243766  | name : How I Got Him Back, Or, Under the Cold Moon's Shine  |  description : In an intricate blend of rich--and true--southern voices, Valerie Sayers tells of the troubled loving among the inhabitants of Due East, South Carolina. A poignantly funny statement about the nature of the claims people unwittingly--and sometimes unwillingly--make on each other.
 id : 245639 ISBN : 0895861720  | name : How to Choose & Care for Your Dog  |  description : Discusses the advantages and disadvantages of more than 200 breeds of dogs and offers tips on their feeding, exercise, training, health care, and grooming
 id : 245640 ISBN : 0062514873  | name : Conscious Living  |  description : In his bestselling book Conscious Living, pioneering therapist Gay Hendricks taught couples how to find balance and happiness in relationships.Now he gives us Conscious Living, a practical guide for the individual that brings new insights into a fundamental truth of daily truth of daily life. Five simple lessons of "conscious living", rooted in the ancient traditions of Stoicism and Taoism, help us overcome obstacles and fears and awaken our own creativity.
 id : 245642 ISBN : 0688072976  | name : Mafia Marriage  |  description : A view of love and marriage inside the Mafia details Rosalie Profaci's marriage to childhood sweetheart Bill Bonanno, her discovery of the dark side of the Sicilian Mafia, and her struggle to cope with the realities of her marriage
 id : 245644 ISBN : 0688073689  | name : The Hammer of the Sun  |  description : A journey brings Elof to a distant land where he confronts his most evil adversary and forges a fantastical weapon.
 id : 245647 ISBN : 0874860830  | name : I Tell You a Mystery  |  description : Arnold is a pastor of the Hutterian Brethren Bruderhof, a Christian communal group which believes in simple living. He shares many stories of people he has counseled as they or their loved ones face death.
 id : 245650 ISBN : 0399526811  | name : Dilemmas  |  description : Presents situations to examine ethics and morals and gain self-knowledge.
 id : 245651 ISBN : 0697365158  | name : Student Atlas of Economic Development  |  description : Provides a combination of maps and data particularly useful for exploring the intersecting ecological and demographic factors central to many economic development issues. This informative resource presents comprehensive coverage of the agricultural, industrial, demographic, and environmental changes in every world region.
 id : 245654 ISBN : 0394587618  | name : Mothers and Daughters  |  description : Childhood memoir of Elena Bonner telling her story of growing up privilaged in Stalin's Russia and the nightmare that followed.
 id : 245655 ISBN : 0801849896  | name : The Prostate  |  description : Discusses risk factors for prostate cancer, explains how it is diagnosed and treated, and discusses other prostate disorders
 id : 245656 ISBN : 0226568571  | name : Prostate Cancer  |  description : A surviving prostate cancer patient and his urologist offer a guide to recognizing symptoms, obtaining diagnosis, understanding treatment procedures and risks, and resuming life after treatment
 id : 245657 ISBN : 025320948X  | name : Rumba  |  description : Using dance anthropology to illuminate the values and attitudes embodied in rumba, Yvonne Daniel explores the surprising relationship between dance and the profound, complex changes in contemporary Cuba. From the barrio and streets to the theatre and stage, rumba has emerged as an important medium, contributing to national goals, reinforcing Caribbean solidarity, and promoting international prestige. Since the Revolution of 1959, rumba has celebrated national identity and cultural heritage, and embodied an official commitment to new values. Once a lower-class recreational dance, rumba has become a symbol of egalitarian efforts in postrevolutionary Cuba. The professionalization of performers, organization of performance spaces, and proliferation of performance opportunities have prompted new paradigms and altered previous understandings of rumba.
 id : 245658 ISBN : 157954536X  | name : Women's Health Today 2002  |  description : "Trying to keep up with health news is challenging for any busy woman. Women's HealthToday 2020 sifts through the year's medical breakthroughs in women's health to bring the most timely information right to your fingertips. Plus, you'll find positive, easy, you can do it tips for using herbs, vitamins, and healing foods to lose weight, prevent disease, slow aging , and more."--page 4 of cover.
 id : 245659 ISBN : 0060961171  | name : Emily Post Talks with Teens about Manners and Etiquette  |  description : A contemporary etiquette book for today's teenagers, from the first lady of manners--Emily Post.
 id : 245660 ISBN : 0385024207  | name : The Outline of History  |  description : Records and evaluates the evolution of man and his civilizations, from the formation of the earth to the present
 id : 245662 ISBN : 0897210646  | name : All about Azaleas, Camellias & Rhododendrons  |  description : Add dramatic spring color to your garden with a minimum of care. This book helps you to select the best varieties for your climate, and includes complete instructions for planting, feeding, watering, and pruning these garden favorites. The encyclopedia describes features of over 400 varieties.
 id : 245664 ISBN : 0595181465  | name : Incomplete Package  |  description : Follow two young ladies from high school to adulthood. Laugh and cry as they endure, struggle, conquer: love and life in their own ways. Jamilla is quiet and dedicated. Koffi is wild, sassy and sexy. Sisters/friends forever until one learns that friendships do not always mean honesty or FOREVER.
 id : 245666 ISBN : 0525456465  | name : Just Kids  |  description : Second-grader Cindy is assigned to spend part of each day in the class for students with special needs, where she finds out that even though some kids may learn differently or have different abilities, they are all "just kids."
 id : 245670 ISBN : 0785276092  | name : Spiritual Lessons from an Apple Orchard  |  description : MacMath takes readers through the growing and cultivating of an orchard as she tenderly leads them into a deeper level of spirituality. Filled with interesting tips about growing apples, this unique book helps believers grow the fruit of the Spirit as well. The full-color illustrations and small size make this book of meditations great for gift-giving or personal use.
 id : 245672 ISBN : 0394820452  | name : Hard Trials on My Way  |  description : An account of life in the slave South and the anti-slavery struggle which that life created. Includes Nat Turner, Henry Bibb, Elijah Lovejoy, John Brown and many anonymous slaves.
 id : 245673 ISBN : 0892839910  | name : Breakfast with the Angels  |  description : Pour your favorite breakfast drink, pop a bagel in the toaster, and get ready to entertain an angel. Breakfast with the Angels is a lovely book of 120 readings about angels that will get your day off to an inspiring start. Illustrated throughout.
 id : 245677 ISBN : 0394552938  | name : Manhunt  |  description : Story of Larry Barcella, U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia, and his pursuit of rogue CIA agent Edwin P. Wilson who illegally shipped arms to Libya's Colonel Muammar el-Qaddafi.
 id : 245678 ISBN : 0151837600  | name : Someone is Killing the Great Chefs of Europe  |  description : After arriving in London to create a special dessert for the queen, New York's leading food expert is suspected by Scotland Yard of killing off Europe's master chefs
 id : 245679 ISBN : 0870442732  | name : Exploring America's Backcountry  |  description : Donated.
 id : 245680 ISBN : 0517195291  | name : Strip Tease  |  description : Murder, politics, and G-strings collide in this caper from the bestselling author of Tourist Season. Hilarity and chaos break out in a strip joint when a bachelor party gets out of hand, making the drunken guest of honor a threat to "big money" and "big government."
 id : 245681 ISBN : 0698106199  | name : Companions Along the Way  |  description : An account of Jesus' life and ministry based on the author's collaborated efforts with spiritual guides.
 id : 245683 ISBN : 0764551213  | name : Family Health For Dummies?  |  description : Charles B. Inlander and Karla Morales present readers with a comprehensive guide to information on family health.
 id : 245684 ISBN : 003001946X  | name : House of All Nations  |  description : 'For money', wrote Balzac, 'people fight and devour one another like spiders in a pot'. In House of All Nations, the pot is an exclusive private European bank, and the spiders are a rich mixture of high takes gamblers, tax evaders, and shady speculators, all united by their love of money. They burn for it, hunger for it, and indeed would sell their souls for it had they souls to sell. Leading them on the chase is the cynical and mercurial director of the bank, Jules Bertillon, for whom every political or natural disaster is a potential shower of gold. Bertillon is a master of the devious maneuver, and his clients trust and even love him for it. In the end, he is the duper duped, but it is the clients who pay: for Jules, unprincipled to the last, has not been so foolish as to believe in himself.
 id : 245686 ISBN : 1570718660  | name : The Money Dragon  |  description : Follow the rise and fall of a legendary Chinese-Hawaiian family.
 id : 245692 ISBN : 0140360913  | name : Listen to the Nightingale  |  description : When she wins a scholarship to a famous ballet school, Lottie, an orphan reared by the costume mistress for a London ballet company, is torn between her lifelong dream and her love for a puppy.
 id : 245693 ISBN : 0207168245  | name : My God! It's a Woman  |  description : Foreword by Gaby Kennard.
 id : 245697 ISBN : 0070681589  | name : Airplane Ownership  |  description : Ron Wanttaja explores all the issues you need to consider before and after you've bought your own airplane. Wanttaja, winner of a 1992 Aviation/Space Writer's Association Award of Excellence for his book, Kitplane Construction, guides you every step of the way, helping to ensure that you choose the best airplane for the money.
 id : 245699 ISBN : 0397320892  | name : Cloudy-bright  |  description : When practical Sam, a college student majoring in photography, meets idealistic Jenny, an unlikely artistic collaboration--and romance--result.
 id : 245700 ISBN : 0140105530  | name : The Progress of Love  |  description : With the ease and mastery that have won extraordinary acclaim for her writing, Alice Munro explores the most intimate and transforming moments of experience -- moments when the shape of a life is set, moments of realization about the burden, the power, and the nature of love.Alice Munro's characters, vulnerable and inured to hardship, find themselves struggling in a brutal yet mysteriously beautiful world: a young man contends with the responsibility he feels for his brother; a divorced woman returns to her childhood home and the memory of her parents' own complicated yet enduring marriage; a man visits his ex-wife with his current lover, only to feel a closer kinship with his estranged partner and her perceptive ways. In these eleven stories Alice Munro proves once again a sensitive and compassionate chronicler of modern times. Drawing us into the potent and intimate corners of various lives, she tells us much about ourselves, our choices, and our experiences of love. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 245701 ISBN : 0394741935  | name : Tassajara Cooking  |  description : Gives advice on cooking vegetables, grains, beans, dairy products, and fruits and tells how to plan healthful and interesting vegetarian meals
 id : 245703 ISBN : 087044364X  | name : America's Atlantic Isles  |  description : Presents the extraordinary variety of the island worlds along our eastern shore.
 id : 245707 ISBN : 1558532269  | name : Bound for the Promised Land  |  description : This rich novel recreates the adventure of two men crossing the plains in the 1850s. An epic story of the settlers, visionaries, large-hearted men and women, and small-time grabbers drawn west by the hope of a better life. Nothing short of superb, says the Chicago Tribune.
 id : 245709 ISBN : 0133885135  | name : A History of Western Science  |  description : Presented in an informal, narrative style, this text looks at science, from the ancient world , to medieval science, the scientific revolution, through to 20th century physics. This edition offers more coverage of 20th century history , wars, and technology; more on Albert Einstein; and more on quantum mechanics and philosophy. For all those interested in science, history, philosophy, physics, and engineering.
 id : 245710 ISBN : 0684832372  | name : Forever Fifty  |  description : The author offers lyrical, compassionate, and witty observations about turning fifty years old and facing middle age
 id : 245711 ISBN : 1930128061  | name : The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn  |  description : Cambridge Literature is a series of literary texts edited for study by students aged 14-18 in English-speaking classrooms. It will include novels, poetry, short stories, essays, travel-writing and other non-fiction. The series is intended to be extensive and open-ended and should provide school students with a range of edited texts taken from a wide geographical spread. It will feature writing in English from various genres and differing times.
 id : 245714 ISBN : 038509373X  | name : Hauntings  |  description : Seventeen short stories of ghosts and demons.
 id : 245717 ISBN : 0895870703  | name : Blackbeard's Cup and Stories of the Outer Banks  |  description : Gathers North Carolina tales concerning old mysteries, unexplained phenomena, and buried treasure
 id : 245718 ISBN : 0895296160  | name : Essential Ohsawa  |  description : Scholar, healer, businessman, educator, poet, philosopher - George Ohsawa, known as the Father of Modern Day Macrobiotics, was all this and more. A persistent peace activist, he was at odds with Japanese leaders in the 1930s and 40s. Because of this, he was repeatedly jailed and tortured. Considered by many to be a profoundly skilled healer of body and soul, Ohsawa was called "dangerous" by some American medical doctors. A published poet and philosopher, he was also proficient in scientific laboratories and in the business arena. Ohsawa was a young man at death's door when be discovered macrobiotics. For the remainder of his life - fifty-four years - he devoted himself to fine-tuning his philosophy of natural living and sharing it with the world - from Asia to Europe to America. Essential Ohsawa is the most comprehensive look at Ohsawa's philosophy ever presented. In it, you will learn the essence of Ohsawa's teachings - the need for and methods of simple, natural eating and drinking; and the concepts of the Order of the Universe and yin and yang. Finally, you will discover how the application of these principles can lead to happiness, freedom, and peace. In Essential Ohsawa, you will also come to know the man behind the philosophy. Sprinkled with photographs and anecdotes provided by those who knew - and loved - him best; the book includes a chronology of Ohsawa's life. Also included are a complete bibliography of Ohsawa's prodigious writings as well as his personal recommended reading list. Discover what millions of men, women, and children around the world have found - the macrobiotic path to "infinite freedom, absolute justice, and eternal happiness."
 id : 245719 ISBN : 0195072588  | name : The Female Experience  |  description : This anthology of female experience in America, draws on the letters, diaries, speeches, and biographies of women from Colonial days to the early days of the women's movement. There are chapters on childhood, marriage, motherhood, single life, housewifery, old age and death.
 id : 245720 ISBN : 0192741454  | name : Gods and Men  |  description : A collection of mythological legends from around the world.
 id : 245724 ISBN : 0140120556  | name : Dreams of Love and Fateful Encounters  |  description : Well-known psychoanalyst Dr. Ethel S. Person draws on examples from Auden and Shakespeare, from the movies of Humphrey Bogart and the novels of Judith Krantz, and from her own high school experiences in Kentucky to describe the nature of love and its fitful occurrence.
 id : 245725 ISBN : 0375760741  | name : The Lessons of Terror  |  description : Military historian Caleb Carr’s groundbreaking work anticipated America’s current debates on preemptive military action against terrorist sponsor states, reorganization of the American intelligence system, and the treatment of terrorists as soldiers in supranational armies rather than as criminals. Carr’s authoritative exploration demonstrates that the practice of terrorism, employed by national armies as well as extremists since the days of ancient Rome, is ultimately self-defeating. Far from prompting submission, it stiffens enemy resolve and never leads to long-lasting success. Controversial on its initial publication in 2002, The Lessons of Terror has been repeatedly validated by subsequent events. Carr’s analysis of individual terrorist acts, and particularly of the history of the Middle East conflict, is fundamental to a deep understanding of the roots of terrorism as well as the steps and reforms that must be taken if the continuing threat of terrorist behavior is to be met effectively today and, finally, eradicated tomorrow.
 id : 245726 ISBN : 0671461974  | name : The Gourmet Guide to Beer  |  description : Provides tips on the storage, selection, and serving of beer and supplies ratings for a wide variety of American and imported beers
 id : 245730 ISBN : 0870444131  | name : Canada's Wilderness Lands  |  description : Heavily illustrated general account of the wilderness areas of Canada.
 id : 245732 ISBN : 1860463398  | name : A Heart So White  |  description : If Ranz has told no lies to his son Juan, that is because Juan has asked no questions. But when Juan marries, and his wife and father have things to tell each other, drama follows. And everything we learn about Ranz's troubled past seems set to repeat itself in a cycle of intrigue and violence.
 id : 245735 ISBN : 0393029816  | name : The Haggler's Handbook  |  description : A reader-friendly course in winning negotiating skills offers some one hundred thirty negotiating tips, tactics, and strategies, coded by graphic symbols indicating whether they work best in cooperative, hardball, or in-between situations
 id : 245736 ISBN : 0375406131  | name : Abyssinian Chronicles  |  description : Every once in a while there emerges a literary voice with the power and urgency to immerse readers deep within a previously "invisible" culture. From a young African writer who has already earned comparisons to Salman Rushdie and Gabriel Garcia Marquez comes this masterful saga of life in 20th-century Uganda. The teller of this panoramic tale is Mugezi, a quick-witted, sharp-eyed man whose life encompasses the traditional and the modern, the peaceful and the insanely violent, the despotic and the democratic. Born in a rural community in the early 1960s, he is raised by his grandfather, a deposed clan chief, and his great-aunt, or "grandmother," after his parents immigrate to the capital city of Kampala. At age nine, he leaves behind his secure life in the village to join his parents and siblings in the city, where he is first exposed to the despotism and hardship that he will contend with in the years to come. The nightmare reign of Idi Amin and its chaotic aftermath are the backdrop to Mugezi's troubled coming-of-age: his constant struggle with his harsh mother and austere father; his years spent as caregiver to his parents' ever-growing brood of children; his sojourn in a horrifically repressive Catholic seminary. He goes to work as a high school teacher, becomes enmeshed in a tragic romance, finds himself drawn into a dubious, potentially dangerous alliance with the military after Amin's fall and witnesses the widespread ravages of the AIDS virus. Finally, sickened by personal loss and national tragedy, he manages to immigrate to Amsterdam. The details of Mugezi's life provide a foundation for Isegawa's brilliant and profoundly illuminating portrait of the contemporary, postcolonial African experience. Filled with extraordinary characters, animated by a wicked sense of humor and guided by an intense yet clear-eyed compassion, Abyssianian Chronicles is our introduction to a superlative new writer.
 id : 245738 ISBN : 0813321204  | name : Requiem For The Sudan  |  description : After a decade of uneasy peace, the historic conflict between the Northern and Southern Sudanese erupted into violent conflict in 1983. This ferocious civil war has devastated the populace, who have also suffered the ravages of drought and famine. Over a million people have either perished or been displaced. This chilling account is based on a wealth of documents--never made public--from Sudanese government sources, private and foreign governmental famine relief agencies, and international media. The authors graphically recount how the attempts of international and humanitarian organizations to provide food and medical relief have been thwarted by bureaucratic infighting, corruption, greed, and ineptitude. It is a sad tale of the tragic human consequences of the failure of conflict resolution, of organizational mismanagement, and of a government hostile toward its own people.
 id : 245742 ISBN : 0425152952  | name : The Doctor's Complete Guide to Healing Foods  |  description : A nutrition expert and physician reveals the miraculous power of ordinary foods to ease illness, prevent cancer, protect the immune system, fight problems of aging, and maintain overall health. Features seven dietary guidelines, preparation and usage of healing foods, interactions with drugs and other foods, more than 100 common ailments, effect of drugs and medicine, and more.
 id : 245744 ISBN : 0399138560  | name : The Kitchen God's Wife  |  description : The extraordinary #1 bestseller by the author of The Joy Luck Club--a second novel even more acclaimed than her first. "Remarkable . . . mesmerizing . . . greatly satisfying".--The New York Times Book Review. "Riveting".--Anne Tyler, USA Today. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 245745 ISBN : 0070279322  | name : Plane Trigonometry  |  description : This revision of a best-selling plane trigonometry text for freshmen and sophomores maintains the trademarks of clear, concise exposition coupled with graded problems. The result is a fresh and modern version of a classic text. Major changes include an emphasis on the use of calculators and calculator-related exercises, the use of radian measures appearing after Chapter 5 to help prepare students for analytic geometry or calculus, the expansion of Chapter 9 to include more applications as well as the addition of polar, exponential functions, and a greater emphasis on graphing.
 id : 245746 ISBN : 0517273373  | name : The Complete Encyclopedia of Chinese Cooking  |  description : Chinese cooking is flexible, economical, wholesome, and nutritious. A Chinese menu provides a balanced meal at low cost, with few calories and little cholesterol. The Chinese way of eating is and expression of the peacefulness and harmony of community life - the best aspect of chinese culture. Basic aspects of Chinese cooking - the utensils, techniques, and ingredients - are presented with recipes to illustrate each point. Chinese cooking is based on the use of a small amount of savory food (meat, fish or poultry) to flavor a large amount of bulk food. Fast cooking retains nutrients in food. Seasonings and flavoring ingredients are often strong-tasting like onions, garlic, and ginger with soy products the only flavoring that is not as familiar to Western cooking. Suggestions on menu suggestions, top international restaurants, foodstuff and equipment suppliers and an explanation of festivals are included. Recipes are included by geographic region.
 id : 245749 ISBN : 0060132736  | name : Greek Cooking  |  description : The character of traditional Greek cuisine is revealed in menus and recipes adapted to American cooking habits and foods
 id : 245750 ISBN : 0870446266  | name : Traveling the Trans-Canada  |  description : A trip down the world's longest national road, traveling across all ten Canadian provinces from the Atlantic harbor to the Pacific shore.
 id : 245753 ISBN : 0517118440  | name : Three Complete Novels  |  description : Three fast-paced, suspenseful novels from the former New York City police officer features the best-selling One Police Plaza, Black Sand, and Suspects.
 id : 245754 ISBN : 0006384765  | name : The Beginner's Guide to Investing  |  description : A Canadian guide written especially for first-time investors, business students, and newcomers to the financial industry--from the authors of The FundLine Advisor. They explore the basics of financial planning, the banking system and how money is created, what assets are and what they mean for creating wealth, and building a portfolio of investments.
 id : 245756 ISBN : 087044669X  | name : Great American Journeys  |  description : In chapters arranged by different modes of travel, the authors combine their personal adventures along various historical routes in the United States with historical anecdotes, reminiscences, and firsthand accounts.
 id : 245757 ISBN : 0892965126  | name : Cheating Death  |  description : Investigating an apparent open-and-shut case on Kanpur campus at Bombay University, where students were able to purchase exam scores and degrees, Inspector Ghote encounters a bigger web of deceit than he anticipated. 15,000 first printing. National ad/promo.
 id : 245758 ISBN : 014010254X  | name : Having Everything Right  |  description : NORTHWEST.
 id : 245761 ISBN : 0375503412  | name : Gourmet's Fresh  |  description : Cooking with farmers market ingredients is the ideal way to cook. "Gourmet's Fresh Menus and Recipes From The Farmers Market" is comprised of 200 recipes which concentrate on all the freshness that these markets have to offer: seasonal vegetables, fruits and herbs as well as organic eggs, cheeses, wild mushrooms etc. The book will be divided seasonally, and each season will open with a photo spread. Cook's Corner informational boxes will be scattered throughout the chapters.
 id : 245763 ISBN : 0394579445  | name : Closer to the Light  |  description : The author describes near-death experiences found in his research with children.
 id : 245766 ISBN : 051759224x  | name : Vogue Beauty for Life  |  description : Covers hair, skin, and nail care, make-up, style, health, posture, stress, nutrition, sexuality, contraception, fertility, menopause, and aging
 id : 245769 ISBN : 0312044348  | name : The Taboo Scarf and Other Tales  |  description : The mind is the source of our most profound fascination and mystery, and few books have unveiled the frailties, fears, and fetishes of the human condition better than "The Taboo Scarf". These nine stories are driven by a narrative as full of passion and drama as the most powerful fiction.
 id : 245771 ISBN : 0029235502  | name : Agrarian Revolution  |  description : A theory of rural class conflict. World patterns. Peru: Hacienda and plantation. Angola: The migratory labor estate. Vietnam: Sharecropping.
 id : 245772 ISBN : 0752841424  | name : The Other Half  |  description : The Mistress. Chloë ¿ fun, single, hip ¿ is a features writer for Babe with ambitions to launch a magazine of her own. Then she meets James who, if Chloë¿s magazine goes ahead, will be her new boss. She knows never to mix business with pleasure but ¿ The Wife. Maggie appears to have it all: she¿s beautiful, chic, a talented food writer with a gorgeous husband ¿ Jamie ¿ and a son Nathan. But these days there¿s something not quite right. Work no longer inspires her and she feels her husband is moving away from her ¿ The alternating voices of Chloë and Maggie ¿ each knowing more or less than the other at any one time ¿ give this love triangle tale a new and different edge. In writing that is lively, sexy and sharp, Sarah Rayner explores modern-day relationships and age-old moral dilemmas.
 id : 245773 ISBN : 0865473226  | name : Private Domain  |  description : Tracing his life from an impoverished childhood to a final, bloody, painful performance in 1974, Paul Taylor writes with candor, wit and charm about his association with the dance world's greatest stars.
 id : 245774 ISBN : 076455235X  | name : Holiday Entertaining for Dummies  |  description : Loads of great recipes inside! Your first aid kit for holiday entertaining ‘Tis the season to be…exhausted from all that shopping. And that's why we put together this special guide. Packed with easy-to-follow recipes and expert tips on entertaining, it will save you time and hassles — and help you prepare picture-perfect holiday feasts. For more great recipes and ideas, check out: Cooking For Dummies® by Bryan Miller and Marie Rama Entertaining For Dummies® by Suzanne Williamson with Linda Smith Bartending For Dummies® by Ray Foley Discover how to: Host a very merry holiday party Cook the perfect turkey Whip up yummy side dishes Serve festive holiday drinks Create delectable desserts Get smart! www.dummies.com
 id : 245776 ISBN : 038524813x  | name : Mercy  |  description : Houston homicide detective Carmen Palma and a specialist in serial killers investigate the murders of several upper-middle-class Houston women living secret, double lives
 id : 245777 ISBN : 067121232X  | name : Consumer Beware! Your Food and What's Been Done to it  |  description : The author explains the perilous ways in which modern foods are produced, processed, and packaged and exposes the scientific, industrial, and economic forces that have contributed to the declining quality of foods
 id : 245778 ISBN : 0880924586  | name : The Day Mrs. Roosevelt Came to Town  |  description : Olive Johnson, a young African American woman living in Lancaster, Texas in the 1930s, is inspired by the writings of Eleanor Roosevelt to leave behind a life of housekeeping for white folks and to follow in the path of Madam C.J. Walker to become a beautician and her own boss.
 id : 245779 ISBN : 0425053148  | name : Dune Messiah  |  description : Paul Atreides, genetically bred and trained to become the leader of his planet, is still subject to human frailties. The second book of the series. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 245781 ISBN : 0671492519  | name : Attorney for the Damned  |  description : Transcripts from Darrow's most important lectures and addresses before juries reveal his intellectual achievements as well as his deep moral convictions
 id : 245784 ISBN : 0850314909  | name : The Night Visitor and Other Stories  |  description : Ten of Traven's remarkable short stories, displaying a sampling of his interests and his superb storytelling talents. Traven is a very great writer....His work must be read. --New York Times Book Review
 id : 245786 ISBN : 0394742001  | name : Challenge of the Heart  |  description : Essays discuss the nature of love, male-female relationships, marriage, human sexuality, and the spiritual aspects of love
 id : 245791 ISBN : 0060202882  | name : The Coming of the Bear  |  description : Two unemployed samurai are saved from drowning by the Ainus, a primitive people on a northern Japanese island, and are torn in their loyalties when the possibility of war arises between the Ainus and a band of Japanese settlers.
 id : 245792 ISBN : 0671660934  | name : The Paradise of Bombs  |  description : This award-winning collection moves from the dark and technically astonishing title essay--on growing up within the confines of a huge Army arsenal in Ohio--to reflections on mountain hikes, limestone quarries, and fathers teaching their sons.
 id : 245794 ISBN : 0966297504  | name : Shapewalking  |  description : A ShapeWalking "starter kit": with three easy-to-follow workout choices, progress charts, and over 100 photos...All you need to get on and stay on the path to total fitness! Whether your goal is fitness, health, weight loss, or batting osteoporosis, you will find the answers here! ShapeWalking combines fitness walking, resistancestrength training and safe stretching in one convenient, fun, low-cost routine. Book jacket.
 id : 245795 ISBN : 0316780154  | name : Vineyard Summer  |  description : A Martha's Vineyard vacation in book form: more than 100 stunning color photos capture the light, the colors, and the mood of summer on America's favorite vacation island.
 id : 245800 ISBN : 1570716307  | name : What Children Know about Angels  |  description : A collection of writings and artwork reflects a cross-section of children'shoughts about angels, as selected by the compiler from schools around thenited States and submissions on the Internet and by mail.
 id : 245801 ISBN : 0807110388  | name : One South  |  description : “If it can be said that there are many Souths,” wrote W. J. Cash in The Mind of the South, “the fact remains that there is also one South.” In the informal, engaging essays brought together in One South, John Shelton Reed focuses on the South’s strong regional identity and on the persistence, well into the last decades if the twentieth century, of Southern cultural distinctiveness. Reed argues that Southerners are similar in much the same way that members if an ethnic group are similar. He discusses the South’s shared cultural values, ranging from serious examinations of Southern violence and regional identity to considerations of Southern humor, country music, and the emergence of a new Southern middle class—epitomized by the family of former president Jimmy Carter. Reed opens his volume with three essays dealing with the discipline of sociology and its relation to the South. The first essay proposes ways that sociology can contribute to the mainstream of regional studies; the second traces the history of sociological attention to the South in our century; and the this suggests that the sociological way of thinking may be somewhat alien to well-bred Southerners. In the next section, Reed looks at the question of group identity, arguing in one essay, “The Heart of Dixie,” that the South is best defined by locating Southerners, rather than by isolating a particular geographic region. Reed then turns his attention to minority and fringe groups within the South, including, in “Shalom, Y’All,” Southern Jews. A final section looks at some of the particular advantages and disadvantages of life in the New South today. Reed’s explorations into the region’s culture reveal that Southerners are identifiable as a group less by obvious background characteristics—education, occupation, rural or urban residence—than by shared attitudes toward family and community, religious beliefs and practices, and violence and the private use of force: the kind of things that customarily identify ethnic groups. In this way, One South demonstrates how history and the heritage of Southernness have for now triumphed over the disintegrating forces of geography and economics.
 id : 245802 ISBN : 0931892864  | name : Learn to See  |  description : From ancient times the use of symbols has been the key to unlocking a wealth of timeless information into awareness. In this book, Mary Jo McCabe provides a conscious approach to everyday life, enabling those who seek to become more fully aware of who they are the opportunity to use their own personal symbols to open a library of unlimited knowledge.
 id : 245803 ISBN : 0395051614  | name : Vanity Fair  |  description : Vanity Fair is a story of two heroines---one humble, the other a scheming social climber---who meet in boarding school and embark on markedly different lives. Amid the swirl of London's posh ballrooms and affairs of love and war, their fortunes rise and fall. Through it all, Thackeray lampoons the shallow values of his society, reserving the most pointed barbs for the upper crust. What results is a prescient look at the dogged pursuit of wealth and status---and the need for humility.
 id : 245804 ISBN : 0525248234  | name : How They Became the Beatles  |  description : An account of the band's rise to fame, featuring many rare documents and photographs.
 id : 245808 ISBN : 1567312489  | name : Tolkien's World  |  description : Each painting is accompanied by a page of text drawn from the work that inspired it, describing the scene the artist has chosen to illustrate.
 id : 245809 ISBN : 0671004514  | name : The Cholesterol Counter  |  description : This must-have guide is updated with thousands of new entries for foods to suit all tastes and lifestyles, as well as the most up-to-date information on maintaining a healthy heart and diet.
 id : 245812 ISBN : 0671626671  | name : Miamigrad  |  description : Renegade CIA agent Jonathan Forbes and lovely KGB operative Maritza Jurgenova join forces to save the world from nuclear annihilation, after the Soviets invade and capture Miami--and the President is in Florida on a secret lovers' rendezvous
 id : 245813 ISBN : 1569472009  | name : The Twins  |  description : Twins who were orphaned at six and sent to live with different relatives on opposite sides during World War II are reunited by chance seventy years later at a Belgian health resort. This international bestseller, a powerful novel, is both a European allegory and a poignant story of family ties.
 id : 245814 ISBN : 044991268X  | name : City of Darkness, City of Light  |  description : Robespierre and Danton. These are the names that have come down to us as the architects of the French Revolution. Yet there is another story of that glorious, bloody movement that still lies buried: the courageous women who sparked the revolution by taking to the streets. Now, in her most splendid, thought-provoking novel yet, Marge Piercy brings to vibrant life three of the women who played prominent roles in the most tumultuous turning point in European history, and tells the intimate stories of the men whose names we know so well. Claire Lacombe escapes the grinding poverty of Pamiers by joining a traveling theatrical troupe as an actress. Defiantly independent, strikingly beautiful, she will become a symbol to many as she tests her theory: if men can make things happen, perhaps women can too. . . . Manon Philipon, a jeweler's daughter, worships Rousseau and the life of the mind. When she marries Jean Roland, a minor provincial bureaucrat, she finds she has a talent for politics--albeit as the ghostwriter of her husband's speeches, and the hostess of his salon. . . . Pauline Léon, owner of a chocolate shop in Paris, witnesses the torture and executions of common people who riot for bread. As the revolution gathers momentum, Pauline is certain of one thing: the women must apply the pressure, or their male colleagues will let them starve. And so the Revolutionary Republican Women are born. . . . And while the women make their voices heard in every district, the men sit in makeshift assemblies, willing the revolution into being through infighting and intrigue. The incorruptible Maximilien Robespierre, the earthy and opportunistic Georges Danton, and the intellectual Nicholas Condorcet all vie for power as Paris whips itself into a frenzy. History has recorded their political legacies, but in City of Darkness, City of Light Marge Piercy reveals the innermost thoughts and feelings of these three men, their insecurities and vulnerabilities, the way they loved and sometimes lost what was most precious to them. The women's march on Versailles. The haggling of the Committee for Public Safety. The overarching reach of the Terror. All the events of the revolution explode with the urgency of today's headlines, as Louis XVI, Marie Antoinette, Marat, Tom Paine, Camille Desmoulins, Olympe de Gouges, and many other legendary figures play their parts on the great stage of history. Marge Piercy has done nothing less than capture the entire sweep of the French Revolution, while opening to us the minds and hearts of six people who changed the world, lived their ideals--and were prepared to die for them. Filled with the philosophy, politics, and dreams of these extraordinary women and men, City of Darkenss, City of Light is Marge Piercy's masterpiece.
 id : 245815 ISBN : 1565075943  | name : I'll Be Home for Christmas  |  description : The luminous windows of Thomas Kinkade’s cozy cottages and gracious Victorian mansions glow even brighter with the brilliant lights of Christmas. Eighteen of Kinkade’s radiant paintings highlight the stories, quotes, poems, and carols of Christmas.
 id : 245821 ISBN : 0848715675  | name : Our Best Five-star Recipes  |  description : This treasury features more than 200 of "Southern Living's" most requested recipes, along with illustrated techniques. More than 200 color photos.
 id : 245823 ISBN : 0452261198  | name : The Grass is Singing  |  description : Roman fra Sydafrika der dels skildrer et engelsk farmerpars ægteskabelige forlis, dels giver et afslørende billede af forholdet mellem englænderne og den indfødte befolkning.
 id : 245827 ISBN : 0151039682  | name : A Voice of Reason  |  description : Setting the details of Hanan Ashrawi's public and private life into the context of the Middle East's violent history, Victor gives equal time to anecdote and analysis, and impartially traces recent developments in the Israeli/Palestinian peace accord.
 id : 245828 ISBN : 0806129050  | name : Shadow of the Wolf  |  description : "As the novel opens, Nakaidoklinni is a novice raider on traditional Apache forays into Mexico. After the establishment of Fort Apache, he becomes a scout for the U.S. Army, fighting in skirmishes against Apache bands in the Tonto Basin of central Arizona. The course of his life changes, however, when he encounters a white wolf in the dark of night. Drawing special powers from the wolf, he becomes a healer and spiritual leader for his troubled people." "Beseeching the gods for guidance, Nakaidoklinni begins a series of transformational dances to unify his people. The success of the dances threatens the interests of white settlers and soldiers, who ultimately confront Nakaidoklinni's people in the bloody battle at Cibique Creek in August 1881."--BOOK JACKET.Title Summary field provided by Blackwell North America, Inc. All Rights Reserved
 id : 245832 ISBN : 1562452800  | name : My Daughter, My Special Friend  |  description : Let your daughter know that she is a treasure. This gift will be a constant reminder of the loving relationship you share.
 id : 245833 ISBN : 0394707702  | name : The Massage Book  |  description : The author offers his techniques for Swedish massage as well as those of therapists Reich, Rolf and Chinese practitioners.
 id : 245835 ISBN : 0785269401  | name : Healing Prayer  |  description : A practicing doctor explores the connection between faith and healing, the Bible and medicine, blending the latest research, true stories, and biblical principles to show that spirit-directed prayer can bring healing for disease.
 id : 245837 ISBN : 0870401696  | name : Shiatsu  |  description : Line drawings and photographs are used to demonstrate the techniques of a Japanese method of massage that is believed to promote mental and physical well-being.
 id : 245838 ISBN : 0394719433  | name : The Psychology of Man's Possible Evolution  |  description : This edition of The Psychology of Man's Possible Evolution includes a lecture, not previously published, in which Ouspensky givers some details of the "School of the Fourth Way," with which he was connected, and an account of some of its fundamental principles, methods, and rules. The psychology Ouspensky sets forth in this introductory lectures has existed in one form or another for thousands of years and, unlike modern psychology, studies man from the point of view of what he may become. Once a man realizes how little control he has over his reactions to external circumstances and internal stimuli, he may wish to find a way to becomoe free of this mechanical way of living. Ouspensky describes how a man must work simultaneously on his knowledge and his being to find inner unity and why although his development depends on his own efforts, this is very difficult to achieve without guidance from a "School."
 id : 245841 ISBN : 0060937254  | name : The Divine Milieu  |  description : The essential companion to Pierre Teilhard de Chardin's The Phenomenom of Man, The Divine Milieu expands on the spiritual message so basic to his thought. He shows how man's spiritual life can become a participation in the destiny of the universe. Teilhard de Chardin -- geologist, priest, and major voice in twentieth-century Christianity -- probes the ultimate meaning of all physical exploration and the fruit of his own inner life. The Divine Milieu is a spiritual treasure for every religion bookshelf.
 id : 245842 ISBN : 0070158606  | name : The Kennedys  |  description : Traces the history of the Kennedy family from immigration to the United States to the political career of Ted Kennedy
 id : 245843 ISBN : 0330258737  | name : Caribbean Cookbook  |  description : Creole fish with calypso rice, peanut soup, crab gumbo with fried plantain, coconut ice cream and guava juice ... here is the way to capture the taste of an exotic style of cooking. It contains a complete range of recipes from every part of the Caribbean, and a glossary.
 id : 245844 ISBN : 0395051428  | name : The Scarlet Letter  |  description : Classic tale about Hester, her lover, their child, and Hester's husband, and the effect of sin on the mind and spirit of these characters.
 id : 245845 ISBN : 0837183391  | name : Mistress to an Age  |  description : J. Christopher Herold vigorously tells the story of the fierce Madame de Stael, revealing her courageous opposition to Napoleon, her whirlwind affairs with the great intellectuals of her day, and her idealistic rebellion against all that was cynical, tyrannical, and passionless. Germaine de Stael's father was Jacques Necker, the finance minister to Louis XVI, and her mother ran an influential literary-political salon in Paris. Always precocious, at nineteen Germaine married the Swedish ambassador to France, Eric Magnus Baron de Stael-Holstein, and in 1785 took over her mother's salon with great success. Germaine and de Stael lived most of their married life apart. She had many brilliant lovers. Talleyrand was the first, Narbonne, the minister of war, another; Benjamin Constant was her most significant and long-lasting one. She published several political and literary essays, including "A Treatise on the Influence of the Passions upon the Happiness of Individuals and of Nations," which became one of the most important documents of European Romanticism. Her bold philosophical ideas, particularly those in "On Literature," caused feverish commotion in France and were quickly noticed by Napoleon, who saw her salon as a rallying point for the opposition. He eventually exiled her from France. This winner of the 1959 National Book Award is "excellent ... detailed, full of color, movement, great names, and lively incident" -- The New York Times. "Mr. Herold's full-bodied biography is clear-eyed, intelligent, and written with abundant wit and zest." -- The Atlantic Monthly.
 id : 245849 ISBN : 0936070013  | name : Stretching  |  description : The bestselling exercise book now includes stretches for over 60 sports and activities, including those for sports enthusiasts, travelers, children, gardeners, and people in wheelchairs. 1,000 illustrations. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 245850 ISBN : 0136105688  | name : The Nature of Personal Reality  |  description : In this perennial bestseller, Seth challenges our assumptions about the nature of reality. He explains how the conscious mind directs unconscious activity and has at its command all the powers of the inner self. Included are excellent exercises for applying these theories to any life situation. -- From product description.
 id : 245851 ISBN : 0765342979  | name : Reign of the Favored Women  |  description : The great Turkish empire of the seventeenth century, the most powerful of its day, was ruled by women who had been brought to Constantinople as slaves for the Sultan's pleasure-but used their slavery to acquire power on a global scale. This is the story of one such woman. . . . The harem slave Safiye, "the Fair One" as she is known, is the embodiment of beauty-and ambition. With her perfumed body and bewitching eyes, she rules the men who own her. She controls the Empire from within the veiled harem walls, her web of intrigue reaching far beyond Constantinople and into Europe. Her touch is felt in wars, acts of sabotage, and the machinations of both European and Asian politics. The aim of her ambition? To see that her son becomes ruler of the Ottoman Empire. She will allow nothing to stand in her way.
 id : 245853 ISBN : 0895296349  | name : Isn't That Romantic?  |  description : Instructs how to create memories of special occasions (engagement, wedding, birthday, etc.), provides ideas for creating special moments, and includes a reference section to keep permanent records of important facts to remember when buying gifts, etc.
 id : 245855 ISBN : 0385095406  | name : The Rationalists  |  description : Founded in the mid-17th century, Rationalism was philosophy's first step into the modern era. This volume contains the essential statements of Rationalism's three greatest figures: Descartes, who began it; Spinoza, who epitomized it; and Leibniz, who gave it its last serious expression.
 id : 245856 ISBN : 1878086499  | name : Pete & Shirley  |  description : Pete and Shirley are a Tar Heel couple, early middle-age, middle-class, each married for a second time. Shirley brings home a box of clothing from a garage sale and on the bottom is taped a note. The adventure begins.
 id : 245859 ISBN : 0345341651  | name : The Case of the Terrified Typist  |  description : THE MOST DANGEROUS TYPE Perry Mason needs a temporary typist, and Mae Wallis fills the bill. But why does she fly the coop in a panic before finishing the job -- and collecting her pay? And why would she leave behind a pair of diamonds hidden in a wad of chewing gum? Maybe it's got something to do with the bizarre break-in at the gem importing company down the hall from Mason's office. When one of the gem company's owners is charged with taking part in the smuggling scheme -- and with murdering his accomplice -- Perry agrees to defend him. But the accused man would rather die than cooperate. And he might get his wish. Unless Mason can track down the ever-so-elusive terrified typist.
 id : 245860 ISBN : 1559586648  | name : How to Romance the Woman You Love--the Way She Wants You to  |  description : This book offers powerful strategies for creating romance every day. Based on substantial research, this book reveals the most intimate desires of women from across the country.Each book draws on hundreds of intimate interviews to offer dozens of stimulating strategies and imaginative suggestions for arousing interest. What puts a man in the mood for love? What warms a woman's heart? Whether it's a first date or a milestone anniversary, couples will go weak in the knees at these provocative seductions.
 id : 245866 ISBN : 0929264312  | name : The Passing  |  description : Whether readers are experiencing these stories for the first time, or meeting them again like old friends, they will be unable to escape the magic woven by a master storyteller.
 id : 245870 ISBN : 0671461419  | name : Barbara's World of Horses and Ponies  |  description : Discusses the choosing of a pony, its care, grooming and training, proper riding equipment, and breeding.
 id : 245871 ISBN : 0440505127  | name : Rain of Gold  |  description : In Rain of Gold, Victor Villasenor weaves the parallel stories of two families and two countries…bringing us the timeless romance between the volatile bootlegger who would become his father and the beautiful Lupe, his mother–men and women in whose lives the real and the fantastical exist side by side…and in whose hearts the spirit to survive is fueled by a family’s unconditional love.
 id : 245873 ISBN : 0395071143  | name : The Witch of Blackbird Pond  |  description : A young woman brought up in Barbados comes to live with her uncle in Connecticut, and finds their Puritan way of life difficult after her unconventional upbringing.
 id : 245874 ISBN : 0806131969  | name : Peasant Wars of the Twentieth Century  |  description : "Peasant Wars of the Twentieth Century provides a good short course in the major popular revolutions of our century--in Russia, Mexico, China, Algeria, Cuba, and Viet Nam--not from the perspective of governments or parties or leaders, but from the perspective of the peasant peoples whose lives and ways of living were destroyed by the depredations of the imperial powers, including American imperial power."-New York Times Book Review "Eric Wolf's study of the six great peasant-based revolutions of the century demonstrates a mastery of his field and the methods required to negotiate it that evokes respect and admiration. In six crisp essays, and a brilliant conclusion, he extends our understanding of the nature of peasant reactions to social change appreciably by his skill in isolating and analyzing those factors, which, by a magnification of the anthropologist's techniques, can be shown to be crucial in linking local grievances and protest to larger movements of political transformation."--American Political Science Review "An intellectual tour de force."--Comparative Politics
 id : 245875 ISBN : 0812963350  | name : A Celebration of Dogs  |  description : An appreciation of man's best friend traces the evolution of the domestic dog, delineating the development of nearly every breed from sporting and working dogs to terriers, toys, and "random" breeds
 id : 245879 ISBN : 0133842630  | name : Healing Miracles from Macrobiotics  |  description : The case history of the author's recovery from cancer after following a macrobiotic diet is used along with other similar case histories to advocate and explain macrobiotic living
 id : 245881 ISBN : 0870443631  | name : America's Spectacular Northwest  |  description : Explores not only the spectaculars but also nature's county, the source as daily bread.
 id : 245885 ISBN : 0792242319  | name : Islands Lost in Time  |  description : Meet the lucky islanders of India's palm-studded Andamans, Sweden's Eden-like Gotland, and Italy's haunting Aeolians in ISLANDS LOST IN TIME--part of National Geographic's new Destinations series. Informative text, up-to-date maps, and lush photography make for an intimate, "you-are-there" portrait of each fascinating experience. Over 200 color photos and maps.
 id : 245888 ISBN : 0060809256  | name : Eric  |  description : The bestselling story of a boy who had leukemia but refused to give up living--as told by his mother. "Eric is a star right up there in Brian Piccolo's league."--Gale Sayres
 id : 245889 ISBN : 0870447165  | name : The World's Wild Shores  |  description : Focuses on the features and fauna of coastal regions in the world's five major climate zones: tropical, desert, polar, and warm and cool temperature.
 id : 245890 ISBN : 0792229703  | name : The Rockies  |  description : Photographs and text depict the Rocky Mountains from the southern Rockies in New Mexico to the northernmost part of the range in British Columbia
 id : 245891 ISBN : 0028639960  | name : 10 Minute Guide  |  description : If you have the responsibility of selecting and evaluating job candidates, this book will give you the tools to carry out an effective interview. Based on the philosophy that the best predictor of future success is past performance, the guide teaches you how to analyze a job, review a resume, and plan and maintain control of an interview. The list of sample questions will help you identify the right person for any job opening.
 id : 245892 ISBN : 0792236521  | name : Exploring America's Historic Places  |  description : Native Americans, exploration and settlement, colonial living. The Revolution, westward expansion. Struggle and strife and the promise of a new century. The path of that history traced from the remnants of the Great Native American cities to the Industrial Age streets of New York.
 id : 245893 ISBN : 0792270630  | name : The American Southwest  |  description : Celebrates the ancient cultures and distinctive landscapes of the American Southwest.
 id : 245895 ISBN : 0517476479  | name : Baker's Dozen  |  description : Novels by Doyle, Maugham, Charteris, MacDonald, Gardner, Woolrick, and Fleming deal with spies and secret agents in World Wars I and II and the cold war
 id : 245899 ISBN : 0060284358  | name : What Became of Her  |  description : Edgar Tobbit meets Neal Kraft at a group session arranged by their psychotherapist and their friendship ends up thwarting the plans of an eccentric widow to get revenge on the town where she was mistreated as a young girl.
 id : 245900 ISBN : 0971060908  | name : Following the Milky Way  |  description : Following the Milky Way is the story of Elyn Aviva's 500-mile-long journey on foot on the Camino de Santiago. This 1000-year-old pilgrimage road stretches from the French Pyrenees across northern Spain to Santiago de Compostela, supposed tomb of St. James the Apostle. It is a journey that crosses the landscape of the soul as well as the mountains and mesetas of Spain.
 id : 245904 ISBN : 0517648180  | name : The First Ladies Cook Book  |  description : Presents favorite recipes of all American First Ladies, with historical and biographical information, anecdotes, and guest lists.
 id : 245905 ISBN : 0811831302  | name : The Wishing Box  |  description : This "funny, magical debut" Glamour explores the surprising and unintended consequences of getting what you wish for. Julia, an almost-30 single mom whose life is mostly together, lives in Oakland with her young son. When she and her sister half-seriously build a wishing box for the return of their long-absent father-and suddenly he comes back-life spins unpredictably out of control. Now Julia has disappeared, and she and her quirky family of seers and seekers find new ways to puzzle out the strange pulls of fortune and fate.
 id : 245906 ISBN : 0934977631  | name : Reeds in the Wind  |  description : The rugged landscape of Baronia on Sardinia sets the scene for this novel of crime, guilt and retribution. This novel presents the story of the Pintor sisters - from a family of noble landowners now in decline - their nephew Giacinto, and their servant Efix, who is trying to make up for a mysterious sin committed many years before. Around, below, and inside them the raging Mediterranean storms, the jagged mountains, the murmuring forests, and the gushing springs form a Greek chorus of witness to the tragic drama of this unforgiving land. Deledda tells her story with her characteristic love of the natural landscape and fascination with the folk culture of the island, with details about the famous religious festivals held in mountain encampments and the lore of the "dark beings who populate the Sardinian night, the fairies who live in rocks and caves, and the sprites with seven red caps who bother sleep." Introduction by the Sardinian ethnographer, Dolores Turchi.
 id : 245907 ISBN : 0505521113  | name : The Glass Slipper  |  description : By no stretch of the imagination did Paige Conner consider herself a princess. Then her bumbling fairy godmother arranged for her to take a job that landed her in a small kingdom--and in the arms of a prince with more than dancing on his mind. And Paige wouldn't agree to live passionately ever after until she had claimed the prince's heart with a magic all her own.
 id : 245908 ISBN : 0849956730  | name : Kids Talk about God  |  description : Kids really do say the darndest things. And in this humorous book by Carey Kinsolving and friends, the reader will be amused and sometimes amazed at the whimsical yet wise ways that children view God. With material taken from Kinsolving's weekly syndicated column, Kids Talk About God is a delightful collection of children's answers to questions likme: How can God be everywhere at one time? What do angels look like? Who made God? Why do we die?
 id : 245909 ISBN : 1856976785  | name : A Treasury of Witches and Wizards  |  description : Presents fifteen stories featuring witches and wizards, both good and evil, from such authors as Jay Williams, Ruth Manning-Saunders, Margaret Mahy, and Alan Garner.
 id : 245910 ISBN : 0804708274  | name : Origins of the Chinese Revolution, 1915-1949  |  description : Analyzes the internal pressures and social crises that fostered the beginnings of the Chinese Revolution
 id : 245912 ISBN : 039448990X  | name : The Kentucky Trace  |  description : Finding his farm abandoned and his family gone when he returns from the Revolution, Leslie Collins sets out in pursuit on the Kentucky Trace following the only clue he has
 id : 245913 ISBN : 0689814011  | name : A Likely Place  |  description : A little boy who can't spell or ever seem to please his parents spends a week with a kooky babysitter and makes a special friend.
 id : 245914 ISBN : 0552528226  | name : This is the Star  |  description : The text tells the Christmas story in a simple cumulative poem with the rhythm of a well-loved nursery rhyme, which has instant appeal to children. Everyone who sees them is captivated by the amazing powerful illustrations. Sensationally acclaimed by the critics on first publication; this is a Christmas classic, ideal for introducing the youngest children to the Nativity story or for re-awakening its magic for older readers.
 id : 245915 ISBN : 0613102762  | name : Robinhound Crusoe  |  description : Oakdale is shut down during a blackout, and Joe's big chance to get noticed by the eighth-grade basketball coach will be left in the dark--unless he and Wishbone can somehow hightail it across town to the game in time! Their adventure reminds Wishbone of Daniel Defoe's great tale "Robinson Crusoe." Wishbone imagines himself as Crusoe, the lone survivor of a shipwreck, tossed into a deset isle without food, shelter, or friends. He soon finds himself battling nature, wild cats, and hungry cannibals. It will take every ounce of brains and courage this canine castaway has to beat the odds and save the day!
 id : 245917 ISBN : 051720651X  | name : A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Podium  |  description : Presents thousands of humorous stories, quotations, and anecdotes by world leaders, prominent thinkers, celebrities, and everyday people, designed to enhance conversation and public speaking.
 id : 245919 ISBN : 0810383039  | name : The Alternative Health & Medicine Encyclopedia  |  description : This reference text covers alternative and holistic approaches to maintaining health - biofeedback, acupuncture, hypnosis, herbalism, yoga, chiropractics, massage and other non-traditional treatments. Topics discussed include nutrition, exercise, stress, cancer, sexuality and ageing.
 id : 245921 ISBN : 0961565918  | name : Ways to Better Breathing  |  description : A life-long teacher of breathing practices offers a program of gentle exercises that relieve stress and benefit all who use breath consciously, including those in the performing arts and public speaking.
 id : 245923 ISBN : 0934678472  | name : Hers was the Sky  |  description : Experienced pilot Hazel Preston investigates sabotage at the first women's cross-country flying derby in 1929. With the future of women in aviation at stake, Hazel must press on to find the truth, despite personal cost.
 id : 245925 ISBN : 0316080306  | name : Elizabeth Cady Stanton, a Radical for Woman's Rights  |  description : A biography of a nineteenth-century pioneer feminist who was a leader in the women's rights movement.
 id : 245928 ISBN : 188513407X  | name : Santa in My Father's Shoes and Other Christmas Stories  |  description : Christmas essays and stories written by staff of Newsday from 1982 to 1995.
 id : 245929 ISBN : 0486232808  | name : The Riddle of the Sands  |  description : Set before World War I, this enthralling novel pitches two amateur sailors against the secret forces of mighty Germany. Powers of deduction and navigational skills prove equally important in uncovering a plot which threatens personal as well as national security.
 id : 245930 ISBN : 0671253484  | name : Chinese Technique  |  description : A comprehensive, illustrated guide to the art of Chinese cooking provides step-by-step instruction in the basic techniques of Chinese cuisine and more than one hundred traditional recipes
 id : 245931 ISBN : 0395171261  | name : The Good Provider: H. J. Heinz and His 57 Varieties  |  description : One of the most amiable, amusing, and powerful figures of America's middle years, H. J. Heinz was among those prodigiously energetic, freewheeling tycoons who in scarcely more than a generation made the United States an industrialized nation. Throughout the half century 1869-1919 he was a dominant force in developments that revolutionalized American agriculture, food processing, and eating habits.
 id : 245932 ISBN : 0300071736  | name : People, Land, and Community  |  description : Degradation of environment and community, along with its economic causes, has been the subject of much concern in recent years. In this book, some authorities in the field discuss the historical, cultural, social, political and economic implications of this degradation and suggest citizen initiatives that may halt it.
 id : 245933 ISBN : 0060934131  | name : Shooting Dr. Jack  |  description : Violence is no stranger to Brooklyn's Troutman Street, a place where whores, junkies, businesses, cars, and dreams go to die. But here, in a junkyard on Troutman Street, three men search for redemption. Stoney wakes up with a hangover every morning. He loves his family, but they're terrified of him. One more DWI and he'll do time that he can't afford. His partner Tommy would run their "business" right into the ground -- or make them a fortune; no way to tell which. Tommy Roselli, a.ka. "Fat Tommy," a.ka. "Tommy Bagadonuts" knows the best restaurants in New York and how much to tip the maître d' in each one. He knows who to call if he really wants you sleeping with the fishes. If you met Tommy, you'd remember him. But he'd remember you, your phone number, your wife's name, and what his chances with her are. Tuco has a gift, one that will come in handy for Stoney and Tommy when people start dying on Troutman Street. But as he learns to use it -- struggling to walk the line between family, friends, and the law -- he almost forgets the first rule of Troutman Street: Watch your back.
 id : 245934 ISBN : 0151716005  | name : Pearl's Kitchen  |  description : Nearly 100 recipes from "soul food" to Chinese food, including Pearl's favorites, as well as special recipes from her celebrated friends, fill the pages of this unique cookbook. Laced with practical advice on the care and feeding of friends and family, Pearl's Kitchen is truly an extraordinary experience.
 id : 245940 ISBN : 0811724468  | name : The Solar Home  |  description : New methods of breaking into corporate networks are resulting in major losses. This book provides the latest information on how to guard against attacks and inform the IT manager of the products that can detect and prevent break-ins. Methods for authentication and encryption are explained, enabling the reader to understand when and where these developments apply. The latest incident handling procedures for detecting and recovering data from new viruses, in order to protect against major losses for corporations, are also included.
 id : 245942 ISBN : 0452269490  | name : I Saw the Sky Catch Fire  |  description : T. Obinkaram Echewa is one of the premier talents to emerge from the recent brilliant outpouring of fiction from Africa. Now this remarkable writer has produced his most impressive work to date in a revelatory novel of grief and joy, conflict and love in a Nigerian village.
 id : 245945 ISBN : 0393053903  | name : The Last Voyage of USS Pueblo  |  description : A composite documentary by fifteen crew members of the USS Pueblo after eleven brutal months of imprisonment by the North Koreans.
 id : 245946 ISBN : 0767902580  | name : Mrs. Lincoln and Mrs. Keckly  |  description : With her husband struggling to keep the nation together, Mary turned increasingly to her seamstress for companionship, support, and advice - and over those trying years, Lizzy Keckly became her confidante and closest friend.".
 id : 245948 ISBN : 0590461648  | name : Halloween Echo  |  description : The arrival of an unusual new neighbor causes conflict between best friends in a warm and funny look at peer pressure, friendship, and growing up. By the author of Scrawny, the Classroom Duck. Original.
 id : 245950 ISBN : 0442240058  | name : A Golden Thread  |  description : Early use of the sun -- Solar architecture in ancient Greece -- Roman solar architecture -- Burning mirrors -- Heat for horticulture -- Solar hot boxes -- Power from the sun -- The first solar motors -- Two Amerian pioneers [John Ericsson, Aubrey Eneas] -- Low temperature solar motors -- The first practical solar engine -- Solar water heating -- Early solar water heaters -- Hot water -- day and night -- A flourishing solar industry -- Solar house heating -- Solar communities of Europe -- Solar heating in early America -- An American revival -- Solar collectors for house heating -- The modern era -- Postwar energy perspectives -- Worldwide solar water heating -- Full circle.
 id : 245952 ISBN : 0671875272  | name : Time's Witness  |  description : Cuddy Mangum, police chief of Hillston, North Carolina, reopens a ten-year-old murder case that involves important politicians and police corruption
 id : 245956 ISBN : 0671663941  | name : Stay Alive, My Son  |  description : On April 17, 1975, the Khmer Rouge entered Phnom Penh to open a new and appalling chapter in the story of the twentieth century. On that day, Pin Yathay was a qualified engineer in the Ministry of Public Works. Successful and highly educated, he had been critical of the corrupt Lon Nol regime and hoped that the Khmer Rouge would be the patriotic saviors of Cambodia. In Stay Alive, My Son, Pin Yathay provides an unforgettable testament of the horror that ensued and a gripping account of personal courage, sacrifice and survival. Documenting the 27 months from the arrival of the Khmer Rouge in Phnom Penh to his escape into Thailand, Pin Yathay is a powerful and haunting memoir of Cambodia's killing fields. With seventeen members of his family, Pin Yathay were evacuated by the Khmer Rouge from Phnom Penh, taking with them whatever they might need for the three days before they would be allowed to return to their home. Instead, they were moved on from camp to camp, their possessions confiscated or abandoned. As days became weeks and weeks became months, they became the "New People," displaced urban dwellers compelled to live and work as peasants, their days were filled with forced manual labor and their survival dependent on ever more meager communal rations. The body count mounted, first as malnutrition bred rampant disease and then as the Khmer Rouge singled out the dissidents for sudden death in the darkness. Eventually, Pin Yathay's family was reduced to just himself, his wife, and their one remaining son, Nawath. Wracked with pain and disease, robbed of all they had owned, living on the very edge of dying, they faced a future of escalating horror. With Nawath too ill to travel, Pin Yathay and his wife, Any, had to make the heart-breaking decision whether to leave him to the care of a Cambodian hospital in order to make a desperate break for freedom. "Stay alive, my son," he tells Nawath before embarking on a nightmarish escape to the Thai border. First published in 1987, the Cornell edition of Stay Alive, My Son includes an updated preface and epilogue by Pin Yathay and a new foreword by David Chandler, a world-renowned historian of Cambodia, who attests to the continuing value and urgency of Pin Yathay's message.
 id : 245958 ISBN : 0374322694  | name : Family Scrapbook  |  description : Presents seven brief episodes in the lives of a curly-haired girl, her little brother, and her parents.
 id : 245959 ISBN : 0380760673  | name : New York  |  description : A collection of poetry about New York City includes works by Aiken, Berryman, Crane, Cummings, Hughes, Jong, Lowell, Rich, Sexton, and Whitman
 id : 245961 ISBN : 0374980101  | name : Tolstoy  |  description : Leo Tolstoy embodies the most extraordinary contradictions. He was a wealthy aristocrat who preached the virtues of poverty and the peasant life, a misogynist who wrote Anna Karenina, and a supreme writer who declared, "Literature is rubbish." From Tolstoy's famously bad marriage to his enormously successful career, Troyat presents a brilliant portrait that reads like an epic novel written by Tolstoy himself.
 id : 245962 ISBN : 0517174391  | name : Moo  |  description : "DELECTABLY ENTERTAINING. . . . An uproariously funny and at the same time hauntingly melancholy portrait of a college community in the Midwest." --The New York Times Nestled in the heart of the Midwest, amid cow pastures and waving fields of grain, lies Moo University, a distinguished institution devoted to the art and science of agriculture. Here, among an atmosphere rife with devious plots, mischievous intrigue, lusty liaisons, and academic one-upmanship, Chairman X of the Horticulture Department harbors a secret fantasy to kill the dean; Mrs. Walker, the provost's right hand and campus information queen, knows where all the bodies are buried; Timothy Nonahan, associate professor of English, advocates eavesdropping for his creative writing assignments; and Bob Carlson, a sophomore, feeds and maintains his only friend: a hog named Earl Butz. In this wonderfully written and masterfully plotted novel, Jane Smiley, the Pulitzer Prize-winning author of A Thousand Acres, offers us a wickedly funny comedy that is also a darkly poignant slice of life. "FAST, HILARIOUS, AND HEARTBREAKING . . . Not for a minute does Moo lose its perfect satiric pitch or its pacing. . . . Don't skip a page, don't skip a paragraph. It's going to be on the final." --People "SMART, IRREVERENT, AND WICKEDLY TENDER . . . Moo suggests a mix of Tom Wolfe's wit and John Updike's satiny reach . . . Engaging." --The Boston Globe "ENTERTAINING . . . Displays a wicked wit and an unerring eye for American foibles . . . Stuffed with memorable characters, sparkling with deliciously acid humor, Moo is a rare bird in today's literary menagerie: a great read that also makes you think." --Chicago Sun-Times "From the Trade Paperback edition.
 id : 245963 ISBN : 068815333x  | name : Prayers for Rain  |  description : As two Boston private investigators attempt to identify and save the next victim of a psychological killer, the sinister force turns on them.
 id : 245964 ISBN : 0452263360  | name : "May Your Days be Merry and Bright"  |  description : Gathers stories by Louisa May Alcott, Sarah Orne Tewett, Willa Cather, Edna Ferber, Pearl S. Buck, Grace Paley, and Ntozake Shange
 id : 245967 ISBN : 0793128692  | name : Everyone's Money Book  |  description : This bestseller continues to be one of the most comprehensive, yet easy-to-understand references available, now completely updated to reflect the Taxpayer Relief Act of 1997. Loaded with easy-to-use worksheets, step-by-step instructions, charts, graphs, application forms, and quizzes, this second edition is designed to help consumers gain control of their finances as easily as possible.
 id : 245968 ISBN : 0394709705  | name : Getting Clear: Body Work for Women  |  description : Explains various exercises designed to help women achieve physical and mental self-awareness
 id : 245970 ISBN : 0884118975  | name : Voyage of the Damned  |  description : On May 13, 1939, the luxury liner "St. Louis" sailed from Hamburg, one of the last ships to leave Nazi Germany before World War II erupted. Aboard were 937 Jews--some had already been in concentration camps--who believed they had bought visas to enter Cuba. The voyage of the damned had begun.Before the "St. Louis" was halfway across the Atlantic, a power struggle ensued between the corrupt Cuban immigration minister who issued the visas and his superior, President Bru. The outcome: The refugees would not be allowed to land in Cuba.In America, the Brown Shirts were holding Nazi rallies in Madison Square Garden; anti-Semitic Father Coughlin had an audience of fifteen million. Back in Germany, plans were being laid to implement the final solution. And aboard the "St. Louis," 937 refugees awaited the decision that would determine their fate.Gordon Thomas and Max Morgan Witts have re-created history in this meticulous reconstruction of the voyage of the "St. Louis." Every word of their account is true: the German High Command's ulterior motive in granting permission for the "mission of mercy;" the confrontations between the refugees and the German crewmen; the suicide attempts among the passengers; and the attitudes of those who might have averted the catastrophe, but didn't.In reviewing the work, the "New York Times" was unequivocal: "An extraordinary human document and a suspense story that is hard to put down. But it is more than that. It is a modern allegory, in which the SS "St. Louis" becomes a symbol of the SS "Planet Earth." In this larger sense the book serves a greater purpose than mere drama."
 id : 245973 ISBN : 0688001564  | name : Once is Not Enough  |  description : A young woman obsessed by her love for her movie-producer father is forced to face the reality that they each must lead their own lives
 id : 245974 ISBN : 0897331249  | name : A Month in the Country  |  description : Two World War I survivors--the one living in the village church carefully planning the restoration of its medieval paintings, the other, camping in a nearby field, in search of a lost grave--meet in the summer of 1920.
 id : 245975 ISBN : 0807725455  | name : Numbers, Please  |  description : Explains the different types of number systems, the metric system, decimals, pocket calculators, and many aspects of numbers and their use.
 id : 245977 ISBN : 0393030245  | name : The Scent of the Gods  |  description : A Singapore girl tells the story of growing up in her grandmother's household during the turbulent years of the sixties and seventies when communism was threatening her homeland
 id : 245978 ISBN : 0880012005  | name : ASSIGNATION  |  description : A collection of short prose takes, rich in language and drama, presents an extended sequential reverie
 id : 245979 ISBN : 0395707374  | name : Music from a Place Called Half Moon  |  description : In 1956 in Half Moon, North Carolina, thirteen-year-old Edie Jo comes to terms with her own prejudice and the death of a friend.
 id : 245980 ISBN : 0517142562  | name : Tales of Wisdom  |  description : A collection of parables by such authors as Franz Kafka, Jorge Luis Borges, Elie Wiesel, Isak Dineson, Bertolt Brecht, Isaac Bashevis Singer, Italo Calvino, and Gabriel Garci+a7a Ma+a7rquez considers a wide range of topics.
 id : 245981 ISBN : 0671435124  | name : In Winter's Shadow  |  description : Arthur Pendragon strives to unite a fragmented empire as his bastard son threatens to tear down the king, his queen, and their bravest champions. From the sudden death of innocence to a perilous campaign that strikes at the very heart of the empire, this third and final book of the acclaimed trilogy by Gillian Bradshaw offers the reader a front-row seat as Arthur's dream and his kingdom collapse around him.
 id : 245982 ISBN : 0963464116  | name : Beat the Cops  |  description : Tells how to avoid and contest moving violations, discusses speed limits, radar, and drunk driving, and describes traffic court procedures.
 id : 245985 ISBN : 0393018709  | name : The Cold and the Dark  |  description : Examines the catastrophic global, atmospheric, and biological impact of even limited nuclear confrontation.
 id : 245986 ISBN : 0060149922  | name : Women in Music  |  description : Gathers firsthand accounts of women composers, conductors, and performers of the past, including Clara Schumann, Marian Anderson, and Lillian Nordica.
 id : 245987 ISBN : 0894808052  | name : The Body Book  |  description : Facts and explanations about the various body systems, plus information on vaccines, tears, and many other relevant topics.
 id : 245988 ISBN : 0836218361  | name : The Return of B.C. Rides Again  |  description : The misadventures and philosophical conversations of Hart's anachronistic cavemen span the centuries with hilarious and hard-hitting humor. With contemporary wit and mores set in prehistoric times, readers revel in the hilarious exchange of barbs and jests.
 id : 245989 ISBN : 000224554X  | name : Let Me be the One  |  description : Eight stories on women, mostly divorced. In Love Begins with Pity, the heroine tries to find love anew in her evening class, in How Will I Know You? the heroine tries to find love with a nutty herbalist, and the divorced wife in Freakish Vine that I Am worries that her ex-husband is unhappy with his second wife.
 id : 245991 ISBN : 0911469079  | name : Hand-taming Wild Birds at the Feeder  |  description : Many species of wild birds can become your friends and feed from your hand. In this engaging book. Al Martin explains the techniques he developed over more than fifty years to gain the trust of wild birds. Many of Al's visitors, young and old alike, experienced the thrill of birds landing on them to receive the food they had been trained to expect! And readers of this book may look forward to similar experiences.
 id : 245993 ISBN : 0671325418  | name : Hero of Modern Turkey: Atatürk  |  description : A biography of the first President of the Turkish Republic whose instituted reforms revolutionized every aspect of Turkish life.
 id : 245994 ISBN : 0809137046  | name : Don't Forgive Too Soon  |  description : This illustrated book describes how to forgive in a healthy way by moving through the five stages of forgiveness. This is a forgiveness that renounces vengeance and retaliation, but does not passively acquiesce to abuse in any form.
 id : 245995 ISBN : 0590763369  | name : Winning Ways  |  description : Text and photographs chronicle the social history of female athletes, from the second half of the nineteenth century to the present.
 id : 245996 ISBN : 0517534002  | name : Ramesses the Great  |  description : This account of the ruler's life, from boyhood through his military campaigns, also includes explanations and details of Egyptian temple building, supplemented with fine photographs of Egyptian artifacts
 id : 245997 ISBN : 0963596721  | name : Golden Girl  |  description : Twelve-year-old Penny is deeply envious of the wealth and family lives of her two best friends, not realizing that they both think she is luckier than they are.
 id : 245998 ISBN : 0812029100  | name : Wild about Muffins  |  description : Certain foods bring out the fanatic in people who lead otherwise sane lives. The merest whiff of the favored dish - the very idea of said dish - is enough to make them forget their own name and zip code.
 id : 245999 ISBN : 039450691x  | name : Loon Lake  |  description : During the Great Depression of the '30s, a passionate, young New Jersey man leaves home to find his fortune. What he finds is a life so different from his own that it changes his destiny. A haunting story of dreams and desires, repackaged to match Doctorow's other bestsellers. Reprint from Bantam. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 246001 ISBN : 0762412550  | name : The Power Of Positive Thinking  |  description : This condensed version of the most famous self-help book ever written is a pocket-size volume of inspiration that's as relevant today as it was when first published in 1952. It contains the wisdom of Dr. Norman Vincent Peale's best-selling original and Peale's sage advice about developing the mental acumen to surmount obstacles and maintain a positive outlook.
 id : 246003 ISBN : 0486275019  | name : How to Sing  |  description : One of the most influential of all singing guides by one of opera's first international superstars. Famed for her dramatic presence, powerful and flexible voice and great repertoire, Mme. Lehmann offers inspiration and sound advice in every phase of singing, from how to breathe correctly, produce a ringing head tone and execute a proper trill to important nuances of vocal expression, language and role interpretation. Of special interest: the great singer's recommended vocal exercises and guidelines for proper care of the voice.
 id : 246004 ISBN : 999750271X  | name : The Star-gazer  |  description : A novel of the life of Galileo.
 id : 246008 ISBN : 0877734100  | name : Voices of Our Ancestors  |  description : Gathers advice on obtaining happiness, finding fulfillment, clarifying the emotions, and promoting family harmony.
 id : 246010 ISBN : 0671216392  | name : Journey to Ixtlan  |  description : The dazzling, fantastic work that concludes the teachings of the Yaqui sorcerer, Don Juan. Castaneda is an anthropologist, a mystic, a poet and a marvelously gifted author whose books have sold phenomenally well. "One can't exaggerate the significance of what Carlos Castaneda has done".--The New York Times.
 id : 246011 ISBN : 067173248X  | name : Power of Silence  |  description : Carlos recollects more of the teachings of Don Juan, including the true importance and meaning of sorcery and magic, and the illusory nature of all realities.
 id : 246012 ISBN : 0395081963  | name : Madame Sarah  |  description : Glimpses of Sarah Bernhardt, the little French girl who grew to be considered by many as the world's greatest actress
 id : 246014 ISBN : 087044512X  | name : Our Threatened Inheritance  |  description : A guide to the American landscape and wildlife in text and stunning photographs with warnings concerning their future.
 id : 246015 ISBN : 0394513126  | name : Extinction  |  description : Examines the problem of disappearing species and analyzes the causes of the accelerated rate of extinction and what can be done to halt the trend.
 id : 246017 ISBN : 0688065198  | name : Cross-Country Cat  |  description : What kind of cat would go sliding off on skis, and who'd believe it anyway? When the family accidentally leaves Henry, their sassy Siamese, behind at the ski lodge, he takes matters into his own paws in this beguiling adventure.
 id : 246018 ISBN : 0394505395  | name : Choura  |  description : Trained in Lenigrad, and then dancing for the St. Petersburg's Imperial Ballet, in 1924, Choura and George Balanchine left Russia. They joined Serge Diaghilev's Ballets Russes; Danilova as a dancer, Balanchine as a choreographer. Danilova also toured for years with the Ballets Russes under Sergei Diaghilev, then with the Ballet Russe de Monto Carlo after Diaghilev's death. She became an American citizen, and in her later years taught at the School of American Ballet. She died July 13, 1997.
 id : 246020 ISBN : 0932112293  | name : The Only Thing I Fear is a Cow and a Drunken Man  |  description : A remarkable collection of southern women's journal writing from 1828-1929. The primarily invisible lives of women of that era-teachers, slaves, widows, landowners -- are documented here, from farm journals to poetry.
 id : 246022 ISBN : 8120807731  | name : Philosophy and Psychology in the Abhidharma  |  description : The study of the Abhidharma is indispensable for understanding the history of Buddhist philosophy and practice. This book gives a synoptic view of the significance of the Abhidharma as presented by the Theravadins and brought to its climax by the Vaibhasikas and Yogacara-Vijnanavadins. It analyzes the concepts of Mind and its States concerning healthy and unhealthy attitudes towards life and deals with the psychological factors and problems in Meditation which is geared to an individual's capacity and temperament. Theories of perception, a predominant feature of Indian and Buddhist philosophies, are discussed together with the interpretation of the world based on these theories as well as their critiques. The discussion of the Path as conceived by the various schools concludes this survey of the Abhidharma. Of particular significance are the accompanying tables of the structure of mind in Buddhist philosophy.
 id : 246023 ISBN : 0385029047  | name : I Lost Everything in the Post-natal Depression  |  description : The nationally syndicated columnist humorously views marriage and motherhood in this collection of anecdotes
 id : 246024 ISBN : 0893891797  | name : Meditation is Boring?  |  description : Linda Johnsen combines an engaging writing style with her own amazing experiences to show that meditation is not boring -- it is an experience of intense mental absorption that makes all of life more engaging and clear. In this book she offers guidance on meditation and discusses selfless service, the role of spiritual teachers, and general principles of living a spiritual life.
 id : 246025 ISBN : 006097396X  | name : The Politics of Rich and Poor  |  description : An analysis of American political history, showing how policies managed to concentrate wealth in the hands of a favored few.
 id : 246026 ISBN : 0394470818  | name : Murder at the Savoy  |  description : When Viktor Palmgren, a powerful industrialist, is casually shot during an after-dinner speech, the repurcussions -- both on the international money markets and on the residents of the small coastal town of Malmo -- are widespread. Chief Inspector Martin Beck is called in to help catch a killer nobody, not even the victim, was able to identify. He begins a systemic search for the friends, enemies, business associates and call girls who may have wanted Palmgren dead -- but in the process he finds to his dismay that he has nothing but contempt for the victim and sympathy for the murderer!
 id : 246030 ISBN : 039444826X  | name : Tent of Miracles  |  description : Explores the life of Pedro Archanjo, a mulatto man who spent his life fighting prejudice.
 id : 246032 ISBN : 0395137187  | name : Curious George Learns the Alphabet  |  description : Readers learn the alphabet along with George as the man in the yellow hat teaches the curious monkey how to read. "A delightful way to meet the alphabet".--School Library Journal, starred review.
 id : 246035 ISBN : 0517507331  | name : The Key  |  description : Examines the possible worldwide dissemination of primitive Semitic cultures through careful linguistic study
 id : 246037 ISBN : 0684832119  | name : Good News About High Blood Pressure  |  description : Here is the most comprehensive, up-to-date, and helpful book of its kind ever published for the fifty million Americans who suffer from high blood pressure, or hypertension. An internationally acclaimed authority, Dr. Thomas Pickering is Professor of Medicine at the Hypertension Center at the New York Hospital-Cornell Medical Center in New York. He is a leading researcher and educator, and the author of over 350 scientific articles and three clinical textbooks. Reflecting all the latest cutting-edge research, Good News about High Blood Pressure explains new technological breakthroughs such as ambulatory monitoring, the best mainstream treatments for high blood pressure and high cholesterol, and the pros and cons of alternative treatments such as vitamins, herbs, and meditation. Dr. Pickering reminds us that people suffering from hypertension do not necessarily exhibit any visible signs of stress or strain. In fact, in the vast majority of cases, hypertension produces no symptoms whatsoever, which is what makes it so deadly. This "invisible disease," which plagues its victims for life, can lead to heart disease and strokes -- the nation's leading causes of death and disability. The bad news is that just 65% of hypertension sufferers are aware of their condition, and only 49% are undergoing treatment. But the good news is that there are many new treatment options available that enable these people to keep their illness in check and live long and fruitful lives. With over twenty-five years' experience in answering patients' questions about their condition, Dr. Pickering shows hypertension patients how to take charge of their situation by learning to monitor their own blood pressure and by making appropriate changes in their lifestyle. In order to control high blood pressure, he emphasizes, one must deal with the other risk factors for heart disease, such as smoking, excess weight, and high cholesterol. Accessible and informative, the book discusses recently released studies about the possible impact on high blood pressure of red wine, homocysteine, the obesity hormone leptin, and folic acid. With its reassuring tone, comprehensive scope, and new research, Good News about High Blood Pressure encourages readers to take charge of their condition, rendering all other patient guides obsolete. It is about as close as a book can come to being an expert medical specialist on call to answer your questions twenty-four hours a day.
 id : 246041 ISBN : 0140390111  | name : The Diary of Alice James  |  description : The unknown sister of novelist Henry James, Jr. shows herself to be a formidable individual in her own right.
 id : 246043 ISBN : 1852423676  | name : Calendar Girl  |  description : South London sleuths Maggie and Saz come together on the trail of a mystery woman known only as September, who shuttles between London and New York in a whirlwind of drug smuggling, gambling and prostitution. When a murder occurs, Maggie and Saz must find the culprit.
 id : 246044 ISBN : 0140080813  | name : A Puzzle for Fools  |  description : Kriminalroman.
 id : 246047 ISBN : 0397314728  | name : The Self-made Snowman  |  description : Knocked off the cliff by a mountain sheep, a clump of snow rolls down the mountain gradually taking the appearance of an enormous and well-dressed snowman.
 id : 246048 ISBN : 0942084330  | name : Slim and Healthy Italian Cooking  |  description : COOKING/WINE
 id : 246051 ISBN : 0679738932  | name : We're Number One!  |  description : A writer for The Nation looks at how America measures up to other nations in terms of health care, homicide, education, sexual morality, executive salaries, billionaires per capita, ignorance in the sciences, and more. Original. 50,000 first printing.
 id : 246052 ISBN : 0231038763  | name : Female of the Species  |  description : Female of the Species is an attempt to use the approach of traditional anthropology in the examination of the position of women at the species level. While Martin and Voorhies recognize that there are fundamental differences between men and women that stem from basic biological differences, they are committed to the proposition that culture rather than biology plays the more critical role in determining those features of behavior which ultimately dichotomize the sexes. Female of the Species takes a step towards quantifying and understanding these cultural differences by looking at the changing roles women have played in society over time.
 id : 246054 ISBN : 0689705409  | name : The Italians  |  description : In this consummate portrait of the Italian people, bestselling author, publisher, journalist, and politician Luigi Barzini delves deeply into the Italian national character, discovering both its great qualities and its imperfections. Barzini is startlingly frank as he examines "the two Italies": the one that created and nurtured such luminaries as Dante Alighieri, St. Thomas of Aquino, and Leonardo da Vinci; the other, feeble and prone to catastrophe, backward in political action if not in thought, "invaded, ravaged, sacked, and humiliated in every century." Deeply ambivalent, Barzini approaches his task with a combination of love, hate, disillusion, and affectionate paternalism, resulting in a completely original, thoughtful, and probing picture of his countrymen. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 246055 ISBN : 0374102570  | name : Illness as Metaphor and AIDS and Its Metaphors  |  description : Considers the metaphors with which acquired immune deficiency syndrome is cloaked, the presentation of the illness as a plague, and its bearing on the way society views disease, sexuality, and catastrophe
 id : 246057 ISBN : 0809233193  | name : Lawyers and Other Reptiles II  |  description : A collection of quips, quotations, and curses takes aim at the legal profession, ranging in hostility from gentle teasing to fierce loathing
 id : 246058 ISBN : 039331328X  | name : Carrington  |  description : This volume is a biography of English artist Dora Carrington (1893-1932). She was known generally simply as "Carrington" and she is remembered in part for her association with members of the Bloomsbury Group, especially the writer Lytton Strachey. Carrington's paintings illustrated her life, and the houses she shared with Strachey. She was an autobiographical painter, choosing as her subjects the people and places around her and distilling her emotions about them into images of "limpid intensity . . . her landscapes especially express a heightened sense of place that seems to well up from the unconscious."
 id : 246059 ISBN : 0060915633  | name : A History of Their Own  |  description : Examines women in the noble courts, middle, upper, and working classes, and salons in the cities of the modern era.
 id : 246060 ISBN : 0062740032  | name : Emily Post on Etiquette  |  description : In this revised edition of the bestselling Emily Post on Etiquette (80,000 copies sold), Mrs. Post answers the most commonly asked questions about etiquette at home and on the job.
 id : 246061 ISBN : 0722537352  | name : Fibromyalgia and Muscle Pain  |  description : Fibromyalgia is difficult to diagnose--its symptoms are similar to other illnesses including chronic fatigue syndrome and irritable bowel syndrome. This practical guide to an increasingly common disorder explains what fibromyalgia is and how it effects sufferers. A variety of self-help methods and complimentary treatments are introduced and explained.
 id : 246062 ISBN : 0140714286  | name : Cymbeline  |  description : 'Craik's commentary is particularly ample and detailed... he builds up a distinct though traditionalist reading which, critically sympathetic and undogmatic, finds the play at once simple and subtle.'John Jowett, Shakespeare Survey'With the exceptionally thorough Arden notes, and the extensive editorial coverage, including recent stage history, this Henry V is the one to have.'Times Higher Education Supplement'Craik's commentary is exemplary in its thorough treatment of critical concerns, glossaries and explanations, theatrical matters, and source material.'Shakespeare Quarterly
 id : 246064 ISBN : 0253106001  | name : Behind the Urals  |  description : "Students reading Scott have come away with a real appreciation of the hardships under which these workers built Magnitogorsk and of the nearly incredible enthusiasm with which many of them worked." -- Ronald Grigor Suny "A genuine grassroots account of Soviet life -- a type of book of which there have been far too few." -- William Henry Chamberlin, New York Times, 1943 ..". a rich portrait of daily life under Stalin." -- New York Times Book Review General readers, students, and specialists alike will find much of relevance for understanding today's Soviet Union in this new edition of John Scott's vivid exploration of daily life in the formative days of Stalinism.
 id : 246067 ISBN : 0062500465  | name : Mothers of Feminism  |  description : Tracing the roots of feminism in the Quaker tradition from the Reformation to the present, this study explores the Quaker religious practices that shaped the spiritual and social structure of both the Society of Friends and the feminist movement
 id : 246068 ISBN : 0553344994  | name : The Complete Crystal Guidebook  |  description : Beginners and advanced students guide to developing "crystal consciousness"
 id : 246069 ISBN : 1555610676  | name : Sourdough Baking  |  description : Describes how sourdough bread is made, shows how to work with food processors and bread baking machines, and shares recipes for breads, popovers, pancakes, and waffles
 id : 246072 ISBN : 0688172369  | name : Thyroid Power  |  description : Discusses how low thyroid underlies and worsens such medical complaints as fatigue, obseity, and depression, and explains how to identify and treat low thyroid with natural foods and remedies to improve well-being.
 id : 246074 ISBN : 0671610678  | name : Microwave Cooking Fruits and Vegetables  |  description : Recipes for preparing all types of fruits and vegetables from artichokes and apples to tomatoes and rhubarb using the microwave oven are supplemented by information on cutting, blanching, freezing, and canning
 id : 246075 ISBN : 0670672238  | name : The Story about Ping  |  description : Since 1933, The Story About Ping has captivated generations of readers, but never before has it been available in a mass-market paperback format. No one can deny the appeal of the book's hero, Ping, the spirited little duck who lives on a boat on the Yangtze River. Ping's misadventures one night while exploring the world around his home form the basis of this timeless classic, which is brought to life by Kurt Wiese's warm and poignant illustrations.
 id : 246076 ISBN : 0738202517  | name : Out Of Its Mind  |  description : Should psychiatrists treat the mind or the brain? Battles about this have plagued psychiatry at least since the end of the nineteenth century, when Sigmund Freud rejected science in favor of psychoanalysis. But now, 100 years later, we find the pendulum has swung the other way-toward over-dependence on psychoactive drugs and depersonalized psychiatry. In this important book, Harvard psychiatrist J. Allan Hobson and science journalist Jonathan Leonard explore the roots of this trend and propose the development of a more balanced "humanistic" psychiatry that-while remaining wary of "pill-pushing"-embraces rather than shuns neuroscience. For as Hobson and Leonard demonstrate, neuroscience has revolutionized our understanding of the mind, has shed a bright light on mental ills, and now stands ready to bridge the gap between biomedicine and psychotherapy. This is a vital step, they assert, if we are to revive today's flagging over-drugged psychiatry, provide sound care for millions of the neglected mentally ill, and realize humanity's ancient dream of treating not just the mind or brain alone, but both together.
 id : 246077 ISBN : 0312523696  | name : McCartney  |  description : Based on extensive research and primary source information, this biography provides a new perspective on the emergence of the Beatles, on Paul's relationship with John Lennon, and on the mixed results of Paul's solo career
 id : 246079 ISBN : 0140161724  | name : The Brimming Cup  |  description : When the youngest of her three children begins school, Marise Crittenden begins to reevaluate her marriage and the values on which her life has been based
 id : 246085 ISBN : 0521388155  | name : The Films of John Cassavetes  |  description : Through words and pictures, Cassavetes is shown to have been a deeply thoughtful and self-aware artist and a profound commentator on the American experience.
 id : 246087 ISBN : 0385040601  | name : The People's Almanac  |  description : A books of facts and figures on a variety of subjects, including the United States, world history, people, health, war, disasters, the arts, science and technology, honors, religion, and the curious.
 id : 246089 ISBN : 0943822149  | name : Narrow Escapes and Wilderness Adventures  |  description : Twenty-one true stories of men who battled for survival against nature on the rampage.
 id : 246090 ISBN : 0883856026  | name : What is Calculus About?  |  description : "In this book, the author tells what calculus is about in simple nontechnical language, understandable to any interested reader."--Back cover.
 id : 246091 ISBN : 0886773539  | name : The World's Best Science Fiction Annual, 1989  |  description : From the foremost editor of science fiction comes the 24th annual edition of this stellar collection. Offers the best works of both long-established names and some of the brightest new voices on the science fiction scene. Features David Brin, Jack L. Chalker, Tanith Lee and more.
 id : 246093 ISBN : 0452010829  | name : Naked Masks  |  description : This special one-volume edition features five great plays by one of the most celebrated and fascinating dramatists of the twentieth century. Pirandello, awarded the Nobel Prize in 1934, was the playwright par excellence of the conflict between illusion and reality. His modern and sensationally original plays dramatize with force and eloquence the isolation of the individual from society and from himself. The editor, Eric Bentley, is an international theater authority. In addition to the Introduction and the biographical and bibliographical material in the Appendices, Mr. Bentley has prepared for this volume the first English translations of the play Liolà and Pirandello’s important “Preface” to Six Characters in Search of an Author. Included Plays: Liolà It Is So! (If You Think So) Henry IV Six Characters in Search of an Author Each in His Own Way
 id : 246094 ISBN : 0525933913  | name : Men  |  description : Argues that men and women inhabit separate cultures, with the male socialized to view emotions as a weakness that might mean the difference between life and death
 id : 246095 ISBN : 0525231021  | name : The West End Horror  |  description : Sherlock Holmes investigates a series of apparently unrelated murders in London's theatre district.
 id : 246098 ISBN : 0520229401  | name : Ishi in Two Worlds  |  description : An account of the life and culture of Ishi, the last survivor of a "lost" California Indian tribe.
 id : 246100 ISBN : 0394573072  | name : The Doris Lessing Reader  |  description : A sample collection of the short stories, novels, and non-fiction of the British writer includes excerpts from The Grass is Singing, The Golden Notebook, The Temptation of Jack Orkney, and other works
 id : 246101 ISBN : 0312135319  | name : Ken & Em  |  description : A dual biography of Kenneth Branagh and Emma Thompson chronicles their separate youths and early theatrical achievements and examines their team efforts that contributed to the success of such productions as Much Ado About Nothing.
 id : 246103 ISBN : 0520002385  | name : From Two to Five  |  description : Discusses the language of preschool children, and how it is enriched by poetry and fantasy
 id : 246105 ISBN : 0486227618  | name : The Hoffnung Companion to Music  |  description : This is one of six rejuvenated volumes of Hoffnung's drawings. The drawings are timeless, appealing to the musical and non-musical alike - and to all who believe that laughter is important to life.
 id : 246108 ISBN : 555244549X  | name : Butterfly  |  description : Although the author's identity has not been revealed, Butterfly is by a writer who has written several bestsellers, and is the first novel to be published under the pseudonym Kathryn Harvey. Excerpted in Cosmopolitan.
 id : 246110 ISBN : 0553579576  | name : The Vitamin Book  |  description : America's Most Reliable Vitamin Guide...Completely Updated! We've all heard about the miraculous curative and preventive powers of vitamins, minerals, and herbal remedies. Now the new, revised The Vitamin Book, compiled by pharmacological experts, cuts through the confusion so you learn what to take and why. Here is authoritative and up-to-date scientific information on exactly what vitamins, minerals, and herbal remedies can do for you. You'll find: Detailed descriptions of vitamins, minerals, trace elements, and electrolytes, including daily requirements, dosages, therapeutic uses, and more The latest research on St. John's wort, echinacea, CoQ10, DHEA, and other popular herbal and dietary supplements An essential guide to brand-name multivitamins found in your supermarket or health food store Specific recommendations for children, athletes, seniors, and pregnant or postmenopausal women Guidelines for safe supplement use, including megadosing and critical drug interactions The nutrient content of hundreds of common foods, including popular fast foods How computer programs can monitor your vitamin and mineral intake And much, much more
 id : 246111 ISBN : 0717276805  | name : 100 Greatest Women  |  description : Each volume in the set presents brief descriptions of one hundred topics within that volume's subject area.
 id : 246114 ISBN : 0312243766  | name : Elsa Lanchester, Herself  |  description : The independent, iconoclastic actress reminisces about her extraordinary life and career, discussing her radical socialist parents, study with Isadora Duncan, personal relationships, and unusual marriage to homosexual actor Charles Laughton
 id : 246115 ISBN : 0060951621  | name : Marinades  |  description : What's the secret to perfect barbecues? Marinate, marinate, marinate. Unmarinated food is never as tender, juicy and mouthwateringly delicious as food that has been soaked in a subtle sauce before being seared over open coals. In Marinades, grill master Melanie Barnard provides 75 recipes to enhance the flavor of meat, poultry, seafood, vegetables and even fruits. Internationally inspired, these recipes include such delectable marinades as Adobo, Jamaican Jerk, Sake Teriyaki and Polynesian Passi on Fruit and Rum to tickle palates up and down the taste spectrum. In addition to the recipes, Barnard also offers practical grilling advice and tips on pairing foods with marinades. Grilling is one of the best ways to add flavor to food without adding fat. As evidenced by the explosive demand for fancy grills, fuels and flammable additives such as mesquite and hickory, today's backyard barbecuing has outgrown shriveled hotdogs and charred chicken. For the legions of Americans hungry for the perfect barbecue, Marinades is the final, most important ingredient.
 id : 246117 ISBN : 0813327024  | name : Am I A Murderer?  |  description : A translation of a memoir written shortly prior to his death in 1944 by a young Polish Jew living in a small town outside of Warsaw. In the hope of protecting himself and his family, Calel makes the wrenching decision to become a ghetto policeman, only to see his own wife and child led to their extermination. Includes ample notes. Annotation copyright by Book News, Inc., Portland, OR
 id : 246118 ISBN : 0879514620  | name : Manuscripts Don't Burn  |  description : Playwright and novelist, this is is a chronicle of Bulgakov's life. Combining diaries with extracts from letters, this biography provides insight into the pressures of day-to-day existence for a man trying to make a career as a writer in Stalinist Russia.
 id : 246119 ISBN : 006132051X  | name : Lest Innocent Blood be Shed  |  description : The moving story of a French village which unified to keep their Jews from deportation to the Nazi death camps.
 id : 246120 ISBN : 0374226830  | name : The Orange Tree  |  description : In five new novellas, the author presents an ingenious and passionate reconstruction of history, past and present
 id : 246122 ISBN : 067983480X  | name : Nadia the Willful  |  description : When her favorite brother disappears in the desert forever, Nadia refuses to let him be forgotten, despite her father's bitter decree that his name shall not be uttered.
 id : 246124 ISBN : 0394540832  | name : Collected Stories of John O'Hara  |  description : A collection of short stories by the award-winning author reveals the rich diversity, insight, and verisimilitude of O'Hara's work as written about rural Pennsylvania, Hollywood, and New York cafe society
 id : 246128 ISBN : 0553072366  | name : Don't Call it Love  |  description : Describes a variety of unhealthy sexual practices that resemble addictions to substances in their effects, and proposes a program for recovery
 id : 246129 ISBN : 0385236654  | name : More Growing Up Catholic  |  description : Growing Up Catholic has become a publishing phenomenon, with over half-a-million copies in print. Now its truly catholic appeal will be confirmed with this equally charming and endearing continuation. Black-and-white photographs andillustrations throughout.
 id : 246131 ISBN : 0395395690  | name : Collected Poems, 1917-1982  |  description : This expanded volume of the distinguished poet's work contains 29 previously uncollected poems, some that had been published, and some found in manuscript after MacLeish's death in 1982. This is the definitive volume produced by a life that filled several careers as writer, teacher, and public servant, but was devoted above all to poetry.
 id : 246132 ISBN : 0882897020  | name : Once Upon a Time on a Plantation  |  description : A collection of exciting incidents in the lives of two young boys living on a plantation in antebellum South Carolina.
 id : 246136 ISBN : 0679866922  | name : Creepy Classics  |  description : A collection of eleven horror classics.
 id : 246138 ISBN : 0451115430  | name : Pentimento  |  description : In this widely praised follow-up to her National Book Award-winning first volume of memoirs, An Unfinished Woman, the legendary playwright Lillian Hellman looks back at some of the people who, wittingly or unwittingly, exerted profound influence on her development as a woman and a writer. The portraits include Hellman's recollection of a lifelong friendship that began in childhood, reminiscences that formed the basis of the Academy Award-winning film Julia. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 246139 ISBN : 0030632978  | name : The McGill Report on Male Intimacy  |  description : This first broad-scale study of male relational behavior, based on a survey of more than 5,000 men and women, examines the differences in male and female caring behavior, defines the key male relational syndromes, and urges men to be more loving
 id : 246144 ISBN : 0671562711  | name : My Life with the Chimpanzees  |  description : This autobiography written for younger readers is illustrated throughout withmany photos of the author's childhood and years in Africa.
 id : 246145 ISBN : 0804462453  | name : Gregorius  |  description : Poems.
 id : 246146 ISBN : 0452254337  | name : Lives of Girls and Women  |  description : The only novel from Alice Munro-award-winning author of The Love of a Good Woman--is an insightful, honest book, "autobiographical in form but not in fact," that chronicles a young girl's growing up in rural Ontario in the 1940's. Del Jordan lives out at the end of the Flats Road on her father's fox farm, where her most frequent companions are an eccentric bachelor family friend and her rough younger brother. When she begins spending more time in town, she is surrounded by women-her mother, an agnostic, opinionted woman who sells encyclopedias to local farmers; her mother's boarder, the lusty Fern Dogherty; and her best friend, Naomi, with whom she shares the frustrations and unbridled glee of adolescence. Through these unwitting mentors and in her own encounters with sex, birth, and death, Del explores the dark and bright sides of womanhood. All along she remains a wise, witty observer and recorder of truths in small-town life. The result is a powerful, moving, and humorous demonstration of Alice Munro's unparalleled awareness of the lives of girls and women.
 id : 246147 ISBN : 044651747x  | name : Puerto Vallarta Squeeze  |  description : The author of the blockbuster The Bridges of Madison County blends passion and adventure in the story of an American novelist in Mexico and his young lover, who take a trip with a killer.
 id : 246148 ISBN : 0818907738  | name : Guide to Contentment  |  description : Love, anxiety, beauty, honesty, freedom, compulsion, self-pity, success, failure, health, joy, marriage, sex, faith, adventure -- these are just a few of the aspects of the human condition the author treats as he examines the way we move toward or away from contentment.
 id : 246149 ISBN : 0836213327  | name : Magic Eye  |  description : Computer-generated 3D images of Spider-man emerge when the viewer "decodes" the drawings
 id : 246150 ISBN : 155972000X  | name : Crossing the River  |  description : Martha Braff Pickett, the unconventional daughter of conservative Baptists, crosses the river to the Catholic side of town, where she meets her future husband
 id : 246151 ISBN : 1901881121  | name : Luck!  |  description : Discusses the nature of luck, how it can relate to numbers or the stars, how good luck can be attracted and bad luck avoided, and how luck can be rated.
 id : 246153 ISBN : 0385178034  | name : Alien Upstairs  |  description : Facing shortages of jobs, food, and hope, Sarah and Gerry make the acquaintance of an eccentric upstairs neighbor who claims to be an extraplanetary alien.
 id : 246155 ISBN : 0814907504  | name : Do with Me what You Will  |  description : Brings to life in Elena Howe the year's most transfixing heroine.
 id : 246156 ISBN : 0060925094  | name : The Dishonest Murderer  |  description : It's New Year's Eve and Senator Bruce Kirkhill fails to appear at the home of his fiancee's father, Vice-Admiral Jonathan Satterbee. He is found later in a run-down neighborhood, murdered! Jerry and Pam North are brought into it because the Admiral is writing his memoirs for Jerry's Publishing House. What follows is a mystery packed with unexpected twists with the Norths in the middle of it all
 id : 246160 ISBN : 052548258X  | name : Housemending  |  description : Recommends a basic household tool kit, and offers practical advice on painting, plumbing, electrical repairs, and working on walls, doors, windows, basements, and furniture
 id : 246161 ISBN : 0312145497  | name : Beverly and Marigold  |  description : In a first group of stories, a young boy named Beverly moves East to join the theater, the army, and the Southern Freedom Movement and finally becomes aware of the world of the homeless, which comes alive in a second group of tales about Marigold, a homeless black woman who runs for mayor.
 id : 246162 ISBN : 0449907171  | name : The Book of You  |  description : In more than 30,000 studies published each year human-behavior experts reveal plenty of facts most people would be amazed--and amused--to learn about themselves. These surprising statistics, buried in dry professional journals, have been virtually unavailable to the average reader, until now. This lively, entertaining book reveals some of the most fascinating discoveries made about human behavior.
 id : 246163 ISBN : 0195069552  | name : The Quest for El Cid  |  description : Rodrigo Díaz, the legendary warrior-knight of eleventh-century Castile known as El Cid, is still honored in Spain as a national hero for liberating the fatherland from the occupying Moors. Yet, as this book reveals, there are many contradictions between eleventh-century reality and the mythology that developed later. By placing El Cid in a fresh, historical context, Fletcher shows us an adventurous soldier of fortune who was of a type, one of a number of "cids," or "bosses," who flourished in eleventh-century Spain. But the El Cid of legend--the national hero -- was unique in stature even in his lifetime. Before his death El Cid was already celebrated in a poem; posthumously he was immortalized in the great epic Poema de Mío Cid. When he died in Valencia in 1099, he was ruler of an independent principality he had carved for himself in Eastern Spain. Rather than the zealous Christian leader many believe him to have been, Rodrigo emerges in Fletcher's study as a mercenary equally at home in the feudal kingdoms of northern Spain and the exotic Moorish lands of the south, selling his martial skills to Christian and Muslim alike. Indeed, his very title derives from the Arabic word sayyid, meaning 'lord' or 'master.' And as there was little if any sense of Spanish nationhood in the eleventh century, he can hardly be credited for uniting a medieval Spanish nation. This ground-breaking inquiry into the life and times of El Cid disentangles fact from myth to create a striking portrait of an extraordinary man, clearly showing how and why legend transformed him into something he was not during his lifetime.--From publisher description.
 id : 246164 ISBN : 0061278157  | name : A Closer Look at Ariel: a Memory of Sylvia Plath  |  description : Best informed account of the crucial events in the life and art of an important poet.
 id : 246167 ISBN : 0671664328  | name : Missing  |  description : Argues that Horman, an American who was killed in the Chilean coup of 1973, may have accidentally discovered evidence of U.S. involvement and may have been executed with U.S. knowledge.
 id : 246168 ISBN : 0671632728  | name : Breakfast in Hell  |  description : A doctor's eyewitness account of the politics of hunger in Ethiopia.
 id : 246169 ISBN : 0446513695  | name : Robert Silverberg's Worlds of Wonder  |  description : Thirteen of the greatest science fiction stories--including "Four one," "The Monsters," "Colony," and "Day million"--are accompanied by in-depth critical analyses and by an autobiographical essay entitled "The Making of a Science Fiction Writer"
 id : 246170 ISBN : 0029291003  | name : Japanese Manufacturing Techniques  |  description : Japanese productivity and quality standards have fired the imagination of American managers, but until now there has been little explanation of how to do it -- how to apply Japanese methods at the actual operating level of U.S. manufacturing plants. This book shows you how, exposing otherwise well-informed westernized readers to a new world of management ideas. Author Richard J. Schonberger demonstrates that the Japanese formula for success is based on a number of specific, interrelated techniques -- stunning in their simplicity -- and he shows how these techniques can be put to work in American industries today. Here, in a clear, handbook format, are nine "lessons" for American manufacturers, introducing scores of techniques aimed at simplifying the overly-complex purchasing, inventory, assembly-fine, and quality-control processes of U.S. firms. At the heart of Japanese manufacturing success are two overlapping strategies: "just-in-time" production and "total quality control." Some American manufacturers already know a little about these methods, but Richard Schonberger provides the most comprehensive description of these techniques available: how they developed, how they all fit together, why they are so potent, and how they "snowball" -- unleashing a powerful chain reaction of productivity and quality control improvements each time more simplification is introduced. -- Publisher description.
 id : 246173 ISBN : 015171696X  | name : A Perfect Peace  |  description : Set in Israel just before the Six-Day War, this novel describes life on a kibbutz, where the founders of Israel and their children struggle to come to terms with their land and with each other. Oz's "strangest, riskiest, and richest novel" (Washington Post Book World). Translated by Hillel Halkin. A Helen and Kurt Wolff Book
 id : 246174 ISBN : 1565120280  | name : Wolf Whistle  |  description : Based on the author's childhood memories of the murder of Emmett Till, this is the story of a Mississippi white-trash girl who teaches fourth grade at the Arrow Catcher Elementary School. It is also the story of righteous racism and violence and the 1950s American Southern ethic at work.
 id : 246176 ISBN : 0062506005  | name : Hypnosis with Friends & Lovers  |  description : Offers practical exercises and instructions for achieving hypnotic states and utilizing them and newly awakened sensations to enhance human relationships, gain personal insights, and improve prospects for success
 id : 246177 ISBN : 091330011X  | name : Rania  |  description : A strong-willed girl attains some success in Hollywood, but a near-fatal accident leads her on a spiritual quest.
 id : 246178 ISBN : 0824515560  | name : Dear Heart, Come Home  |  description : Midlife is more than a crisis. It is a summons to grow and a challenge to change. Midlife beckons one inward. It is a move to interiority, a passage to the deeper places where we discover our authenticity, where we realize both our limitations and our grandeur.
 id : 246180 ISBN : 0673993086  | name : On Writing Well  |  description : While retaining all the strong qualities of earlier editions, the fifth edition focuses with new sharpness on the needs of writers in the mid-1990s.
 id : 246181 ISBN : 0312169809  | name : Mercy of a Rude Stream: Requiem for Harlem  |  description : Roth's 1934 Call It Sleep was later hailed as one of the greatest immigrant novels of this century. Sixty years later, this novel follows the adventures of an immigrant boy and deals with Prohibition, anti-Semitism, racism, sexuality, and the alienation that followed the Great War.
 id : 246184 ISBN : 0316584789  | name : Admiral of the Ocean Sea  |  description : Telling the story of the greatest sailor of them all, "Admiral of the Ocean Sea" is a vivid and definitive biography of Columbus that details all of his voyages that, for better or worse, changed the world. 50 drawings, maps & charts; 4 fold-outs.
 id : 246185 ISBN : 0517347857  | name : Murder Ink  |  description : A host of crime buffs including Interpol consultants, forensic anthropologists, psychiatrists, and novelists contribute articles on the many faces, factors, and techniques of crime in fact and fiction
 id : 246186 ISBN : 1558701893  | name : The Complete Guide to Recycling at Home  |  description : A guide to household recycling discusses recycling paper, ecologically sound lawn and garden care, water conservation, and alternative energy sources
 id : 246187 ISBN : 1552092259  | name : This Marvellous Terrible Place  |  description : A touching tribute to Canada's tenth province, this book tells the story of a ruggedly beautiful landscape through the words of its people and the photographs of two exceptional photojournalists.
 id : 246189 ISBN : 0071357335  | name : The Quotable Historian  |  description : Chronological as well as thematic, from the Peloponesian War to Desert Storm, Disraeli to Yitzhak Rabin, the Renaissance to the French Revolution, these quotes will draw out the history buff in all readers.
 id : 246193 ISBN : 0374324603  | name : The Friends  |  description : Curious about death, three sixth-grade boys decide to spy on an old man waiting for him to die, but they end up becoming his friends.
 id : 246195 ISBN : 0918056047  | name : How to Write an Uncommonly Good Novel  |  description : In this informative guide, published authors from the Writers Mentor Group offer tricks of the trade, tips and advice on every aspect of writing a good novel.
 id : 246196 ISBN : 0802115012  | name : Juggling the Stars  |  description : Morris Duckworth, an unhappy and poverty-stricken English teacher in Verona, descends deeper and deeper into crime and violence as he moves from petty theft to a plot to kidnap a wealthy heiress who has fallen in love with him.
 id : 246197 ISBN : 0716736276  | name : The Basic Practice of Statistics  |  description : The second edition of The Basic Practice of Statistics builds on the strengths of the first: a balanced and modern approach to data analysis, data production, and inference; and an emphasis on clear explanations of ideas rather than formal mathematics or reliance on recipes. Moore's use of real world data and examples and his emphasis on statistical thinking show students how statistics can be used as a powerful tool for understanding the world we live in. Designed for students with a limited background in mathematics, The Basic Practice of Statistics 2/e is the ideal way to introduce the core concepts of statistics to the students of today and tomorrow.
 id : 246198 ISBN : 0471610313  | name : International Economics  |  description : Presents straightforward account of the main topics in international economics and explains both intuitively appealing and logically convincing.
 id : 246199 ISBN : 0435909878  | name : A Grain of Wheat  |  description : In this ambitious and densely worked novel, we begin to see early signs of Ngugi's increasing bitterness about the ways in which the politicians are the true benefactors of the rewards of independence.
 id : 246200 ISBN : 0385009186  | name : Aging  |  description : Illustrates the problems experienced by the elderly in modern society and shows the benefits of bringing the aged into the mainstream of life
 id : 246205 ISBN : 0679736476  | name : The Mind of the South  |  description : Ever since its publication in 1941, The Mind of the South has been recognized as a path-breaking work of scholarship and as a literary achievement of enormous eloquence and insight in its own right. From its investigation of the Southern class system to its pioneering assessments of the region's legacies of racism, religiosity, and romanticism, W. J. Cash's book defined the way in which millions of readers— on both sides of the Mason-Dixon line—would see the South for decades to come. This fiftieth-anniversary edition of The Mind of the South includes an incisive analysis of Cash himself and of his crucial place in the history of modern Southern letters.
 id : 246208 ISBN : 0867194529  | name : Life after the bomb  |  description : Gen, his mother and baby brother are searching fo a place to lay their heads after the bomb.
 id : 246210 ISBN : 0865710953  | name : Barefoot Gen  |  description : The first volume in the "Barefoot Gen" series, this is the powerful, tragic story of the bombing of Hiroshima, seen through the eyes of the artist as a young boy growing up in Japan. Focusing not only on the effects of the bombing, Barefoot Gen also examines the ethical dilemmas faced by a peace-loving family in a highly militarized culture.
 id : 246211 ISBN : 0500510989  | name : Portrait of Islam  |  description : The wonderful and positive images captured by Robin Laurance on his photographic journey through the heart of Islam - from the desolate open spaces of the mid-Atlas mountains in Morocco to the lush green paddy fields of Southeast Asia - will do much to dispel such ignorance of the realities of the Muslim world, of its extraordinary achievements and of the way of life of its ordinary men and women as they pursue their everyday existence. As a foretaste to the photographs, Dr Robin Ostle provides a valuable background, explaining the historical background and principles of Islam; the tenets of the faith; its place in law, state and society; and its relation to the other two great monotheistic religions - Judaism and Christianity. This timely book shows the Islamic lands and people as they really are: richly colourful, markedly diverse and, above all, powerfully inspiring.
 id : 246212 ISBN : 094655157X  | name : Det Levande Vattnet  |  description : Foreword by Kai Curry-Lindahl. The first book in English to describe Viktor Schauberger's prophetic work.
 id : 246214 ISBN : 0553050656  | name : West of Eden  |  description : The saga of two cultures fated to struggle for control of the earth: the Yilane--cold-blooded intelligent reptiles and the Tanu--warm-blooded humans.
 id : 246216 ISBN : 0070661022  | name : Topaz  |  description : The President and his advisors must decide on a course of action when it appears that the Soviet Union is directing missiles toward the United States
 id : 246217 ISBN : 067942332X  | name : Red Azalea  |  description : A political and erotic memoir that offers a heart-rending portrait of growing up during China's Cultural Revolution. While enduring grueling physical labor and isolation from emotional comfort, Min miraculously got the leading role in Madame Mao's film Red Azalea, a political opera that changed Min's life.
 id : 246219 ISBN : 1852530715  | name : A Shropshire Lad  |  description : Sixty-three lyric poems center on the exquisite but fleeting pleasures of life
 id : 246222 ISBN : 0837604117  | name : Mary Anne  |  description : Historical novel about a famous British courtesan of the early 1800's.
 id : 246224 ISBN : 0385267649  | name : The Untouched Key  |  description : Drawing on her discoveries that human beings are not innately destructive but are made that way, the bestselling author of The Drama of the Gifted Child delivers "a capsule social history of childrearing and its effects that could change the world" (Boston Globe). As in her former books, Alice Miller again focuses on facts. She is as determined as ever to cut through the veil that, for thousands of years now, has been so meticulously woven to shroud the truth. When she lifts that veil and brushes it aside, the results are astonishing, amply demonstrated by her analyses of the works of Nietzsche, Picasso, Käthe Kollwitz, Buster Keaton, and others. With the key shunned by so many for so long—childhood—she opens rusty locks and offers her readers a wealth of unexpected perspectives. What did Picasso express in Guernica? Why did Buster Keaton never smile? Why did Nietzsche heap so much opprobrium on women and religion and lose his mind for 11 years? Why did Hitler and Stalin become tyrannical mass murderers? Miller investigates these and other questions thoroughly in this book. She also shows why some mistreated children do not become criminals, but instead bear witness as artists to the truth about their childhoods, even though in purely intuitive and unconscious ways.
 id : 246225 ISBN : 0312351933  | name : Grunch of Giants  |  description : Here Buckminster Fuller takes on the gigantic corporate megaliths that exert increasing control over every aspect of daily life. In the form of a modern allegory, he traces the evolution of these multinational giants from the post-World War II military-industrial complex to the current army of abstract legal entities known as the corporate world.
 id : 246226 ISBN : 1586851578  | name : Trailer Travel  |  description : With linen postcards of trailer camps and auto courts, campy family photos, and ads dating back to the 1920s, "Trailer Travel" is the perfect complement to a new TV documentary on the colorful history of America's fascination with life on the road. 150 photos in color and b&w.
 id : 246227 ISBN : 0345456319  | name : The Belgariad Volume 2  |  description : A two-volume compilation presents the five previously published novels in the epic saga which begins with the theft of the protective Orb from Riva.
 id : 246228 ISBN : 0899668062  | name : Giant  |  description : This sweeping tale captures the essence of Texas on a staggering scale as it chronicles the life and times of cattleman Jordan "Bick" Benedict, his naive young society wife, Leslie, and three generations of land-rich sons. A sensational story of power, love, cattle barons, and oil tycoons, Giant was the basis of the classic film starring James Dean, Elizabeth Taylor, and Rock Hudson.
 id : 246229 ISBN : 0140149945  | name : Orrie's Story  |  description : The acclaimed author of Little Big Man is at his most unusual in this retelling of the Greek Oresteia trilogy through the lives of a seemingly ordinary small-town American family. When a returning WWII hero is murdered by his adulterous wife and her lover, his son Orrie slays them both in this darkly intriguing and mysterious work.
 id : 246231 ISBN : 0805053956  | name : Johnny Germ Head  |  description : While performing an heroic act at an amusement park, third-grader Johnny Jarvis finally confronts the fear of germs which had been an obsession with him ever since he was seven.
 id : 246232 ISBN : 0465043259  | name : Making Of Mod Advertising  |  description : A critical analysis of the modern advertising industry discusses the historical development of advertising and its related services in terms of the growth of large business enterprises with the capability of mass producing goods
 id : 246235 ISBN : 0613012631  | name : The Lost World  |  description : Six years after the secret disaster at Jurassic Park and the destruction of the dinosaurs, the dismantling of the park, and the closing of the island, rumors persist that some form of life has survived
 id : 246236 ISBN : 0070715335  | name : Early American Women  |  description : This is a collection of primary sources in women's history showing the diversity of women's experience from the colonial era through to the 19th century.
 id : 246237 ISBN : 0451528743  | name : Ben-Hur  |  description : A bestseller since 1880... The classic saga of the Roman Empire From a thrilling sea battle to its famous chariot race to the agony of the Crucifixion, this is the epic tale of a prince who became a slave and by a twist of fate and his own skill-won a chance at freedom.
 id : 246238 ISBN : 015610685X  | name : Barren Ground  |  description : Dorinda attempts to gain self-esteem by living an independent and joyless life, managing a Virginia homestead.
 id : 246240 ISBN : 0385241879  | name : The Miracle of Lourdes  |  description : Recounts the history of the French shrine, describes apparently miraculous cures, and discusses the attitudes of doctors and the Catholic Church toward the shrine
 id : 246241 ISBN : 1580050204  | name : Out of Time  |  description : A handsomely repackaged version of an award-winning debut novel that won the 1990 Lambda Literary Award for Best Lesbian Fiction and was a Finalist for the American Library Association Gay and Lesbian Book Award.
 id : 246242 ISBN : 0684842238  | name : On Death and Dying  |  description : Discusses how the family and medical personnel can aid the terminally ill.
 id : 246245 ISBN : 0385113056  | name : Murder at the ABA  |  description : When the acclaimed protege of writer Darius Just suddenly turns up dead at the annual convention of the American Booksellers Association, chaos and confusion sweep the autographing sessions, the buffet tables, the bars and the famed hospitality suites. Darius is certain he can discover the murderer. But only if the murderer doesn't find him first - book cover.
 id : 246247 ISBN : 0060688556  | name : The Story of the Other Wise Man  |  description : A timeless classic on a Persian Magi Artaban's journey from his home in Ecbatana.
 id : 246250 ISBN : 0883658259  | name : Family Fortunes  |  description : Three distinguished novels from a master of American fiction--The Rector of Justin, The House of Five Talents, and Portrait in Brownstone--illustrate the author's knowledge of high society.
 id : 246251 ISBN : 0874770858  | name : Joy's Way, a Map for the Transformational Journey  |  description : In 1974 Dr. W. Brugh Joy was a distinguished and respected member of the Los Angeles medical community. In that year he contracted a life-threatening disease that culminated in an illuminating meditation, which caused him to give up his medical practice abruptly. Six weeks later he discovered that his illness was totally cured. This experience pushed him to further his explorations into realms of healing involving body energies, the chakra system, meditation, and higher levels of consciousness. In part, Joy’s Way is the story of an extraordinary personal transformation. More significantly, it is a book that shows vividly the process of individual and group transformation and that rattles and re-forms the reader's concepts of the nature of reality. It expands our vision of our own unrealized potential to be conscious beings who are alert to multiple realities, and introduces us to the seemingly miraculous abilities associated with energy fields radiating from the human body. Joy’s Way contains fascinating and beautiful insights into the awakening process, into teachers (inner and outer), psi phenomena, the holographic aspects of consciousness, observer and witness states, dream analysis, the Tarot and I Ching, visualization, the chakras, meditation and healing, transformational psychology, and the transformation of humanity. In addition, this book clearly describes exercises and techniques that show readers how to feel the radiating body-energy fields and how to transfer this energy to another person.
 id : 246255 ISBN : 0060931930  | name : Giants in the Earth  |  description : The classic story of a Norwegian pioneer family's struggles with the land and the elements of the Dakota Territory as they try to make a new life in America.
 id : 246256 ISBN : 0913990051  | name : --This Season's People  |  description : A pocket book of spiritual teachings collected from talks given by Stephen, co-founder of The Farm in Tennessee, explaining the common ground of the great religions and how to follow their teachings in order to change oneself and change the world. Includes photographs of The Farm community life in the '70s.
 id : 246258 ISBN : 0312308264  | name : The Real Mrs Miniver  |  description : The fascinating biography of the "model" English housewife reveals the gap between the ideal and reality in English life in the 1930s and 1940s. 10,000 first printing.
 id : 246259 ISBN : 0141439505  | name : Pygmalion  |  description : Exclusive to Penguin Classics: the definitive text of Shaw’s brilliantly witty exposure of the British class system—part of the official Bernard Shaw Library A Penguin Classic Shaw wrote the part of Eliza Doolittle—“an east-end dona with an apron and three orange and red ostrich feathers”—for Mrs. Patrick Campbell, with whom he had a passionate but unconsummated affair. From the outset the play was a sensational success, although Shaw, irritated by its popularity at the expense of his artistic intentions, dismissed it as a potboiler. The Pygmalion of legend falls in love with his perfect female statue and persuades Venus to bring her to life so that he can marry her. But Shaw radically reworks Ovid’s tale to give it a feminist slant: while Higgins teaches Eliza to speak and act like a duchess, she also asserts her independence, adamantly refusing to be his creation. This Penguin Classics edition is the definitive text produced under the editorial supervision of Dan H. Laurence, with an illuminating introduction by Nicholas Grene, discussing the language and politics of the play. Included in this volume is Shaw’s preface, as well as his “sequel” written for the first publication in 1916, to rebut public demand for a more conventionally romantic ending. For more than seventy years, Penguin has been the leading publisher of classic literature in the English-speaking world. With more than 1,800 titles, Penguin Classics represents a global bookshelf of the best works throughout history and across genres and disciplines. Readers trust the series to provide authoritative texts enhanced by introductions and notes by distinguished scholars and contemporary authors, as well as up-to-date translations by award-winning translators.
 id : 246260 ISBN : 0835604705  | name : The Fire of Creation  |  description : The doctrine of the Trinity is one of the most profound and illuminating teachings which, under different names and different forms, is found in many of the great world religions. The triune manifestation of the one Eternal is the fundamental reality of all existence and permeates every single manifestation of life and form both in the wolrd surrounding us and in the world of our inner life. The Third Person the Divine Trinity, the Holy Ghost in Christian terminology, is so crucial to our approach to life that the wonder is the relatively inconspicuous position it has held in Christian dogma. A priest in the Liberal Catholic Church, J. J. Van der Leeuw was in modern terminology, an ecumenical Christian, relating religious concepts from all times and places to the inner teachings of Jesus.
 id : 246266 ISBN : 1550711512  | name : My Father, Marconi  |  description : The daughter of Guglielmo Marconi draws upon her father's personal journals and letters as well as from scientific and historical records to chronicle the life and profession of the internationally known inventor.
 id : 246267 ISBN : 0195097319  | name : Presidential Anecdotes  |  description : Dramatic, poignant, hilarious, and sentimental, anecdotes about our presidents are as varied as the presidents themselves. This new and revised edition of Presidential Anecdotes recounts some of the most striking stories about America's 42 chief executives, from Washington to Clinton, shedding light on the presidents as human beings and on the culture that produced them.
 id : 246273 ISBN : 0809281546  | name : Winning Roller Skating  |  description : A former world champion provides advice on becoming a successful competitive figure and freestyle roller skater.
 id : 246276 ISBN : 083260609X  | name : Cooking French the New Way  |  description : Describes simplified methods for preparing French style sauces, appetizers, meat, fish, poultry, vegetables, salads, and desserts
 id : 246277 ISBN : 0971921903  | name : Jim Graham's Farm Family Cookbook for City Folk  |  description : Novice and experienced cooks longing for a good old-fashioned farm family meal will learn to turn out dishes like Grandma used to make. Hundreds of traditional farm family delicious recipes collected from all of North Carolina's 100 counties. A tummy-satisfying collection NOT to be missed.
 id : 246278 ISBN : 1570670056  | name : Good Time Eatin' in Cajun Country  |  description : The author has modified traditional Cajun recipes to try to preserve the tastes and textures of the original foods while reducing the amount of fat that is used. Contains recipes for breakfast foods, salads and salad dressings, soups and sandwiches, main dishes, side dishes and sauces, breads, and desserts. All recipes are egg-free and dairy-free.
 id : 246280 ISBN : 0783510004  | name : Mind and Brain  |  description : Provides a historical look at the investigations into the functions of the brain
 id : 246281 ISBN : 038505419X  | name : Advise and Consent  |  description : Complex study of the events and reasons that govern the Senators' decisions when they must confirm the President's choice for Secretary of State.
 id : 246284 ISBN : 0553225464  | name : Persian Boy  |  description : A magnificent new noval revealing a little-known facet of the life of Alexander the Great, who in his 33 years conquered most of the known world and changed the entire course of history. The story is told by Alexander's young companion Bagoas - a real historical figure. Sophiticated beyond his years, schooled in the arts of love,. . . . .Bogoas served as both courtier and courtesan to Alexander. . . A reading experience that will linger long in the memory! -- The Literary Guild Magazine.
 id : 246285 ISBN : 0385474407  | name : The Chamber  |  description : Five CDs, 6 hrs.Performance by Michael BeckIn the corridors of Chicago's top law firm: Twenty-six-year-old Adam Hall stands on the brink of a brilliant legal career. Now he is risking it all for a death-row killer and an impossible case. Maximum Security Unit, Mississippi State Prison: Sam Cayhall is a former Klansman and unrepentant racist now facing the death penalty for a fatal bombing in 1967. He has run out of chances -- except for one: the young, liberal Chicago lawyer who just happens to be his grandson. While the executioners prepare the gas chamber, while the protesters gather and the TV cameras wait, Adam has only days, hours, minutes to save his client. For between the two men is a chasm of shame, family lies, and secrets -- including the one secret that could save Sam Cayhall's life...or cost Adam his.
 id : 246286 ISBN : 0884861503  | name : In Wildness Is the Preservation of the World  |  description : A classic book of nature photography, this large-format volume is designed to convey the spirit of American nature as so sensitively described by Thoreau. Eliot Porter, one of America's foremost nature photographers, blends short excerpts from Thoreau's Walden and many other works with 72 full-color photographs that perfectly reproduce the writer's sense of quiet drama.
 id : 246287 ISBN : 0679440526  | name : Cuba and the Night  |  description : "The setting is Cuba now, a place of yearnings, a strange place. Its economy wrecked, its revolution gone sour, its isolation almost complete, it lives largely on hopes and dreams - of sex, of money, of escape to America, Europe, anywhere. In this atmosphere of intense eroticism and frustration a love story develops, one as odd, abandoned, and ambiguous as Cuba itself." "Richard is an American news photographer at an emotional dead end, who has made it through life largely on bravado and a policy of noncommitment. In Havana on assignment, he meets, and at first scarcely notices, a vivacious young cubana named Lourdes, who may - or may not - be in search of a foreigner who can help her get out. Gradually, amid a confusion of motives, the two are drawn together in a passionate affair whose poignant outcome surprises both of them - and us." "This is Pico Iyer's first novel. Viewed purely as a rich, pungent, and unusually intimate description of the daily life and death of Havana, with its frequent electrical blackouts and ubiquitous secret police, it could only be the work of the author of Video Night in Kathmandu and Falling Off the Map. But it is far more. Pico Iyer here also shows himself capable of telling a wonderful story - romantic yet witty, deeply affecting yet delicately ironic, and completely convincing. Cuba and the Night is a delight."--BOOK JACKET.Title Summary field provided by Blackwell North America, Inc. All Rights Reserved
 id : 246288 ISBN : 0761506241  | name : The First Book of Vegetarian Cooking  |  description : As more and more people become aware of the health risks related to a meat-based diet, many are turning to a vegetarian lifestyle. "The First Book of Vegetarian Cooking is the key to a painless transition to healthier eating. An indispensable handbook for beginners, this book is also a reference tool for long-time vegetarians. Here are a few of the recipes included: Thai Rice Salad African Stew Potato Vegetable Quiche Cherries Jubilee Each recipe includes a nutritional analysis that lists total calories, protein, carbohydrates, fat, calories from fat, fiber, sodium, and cholesterol. Also included are conversion tables to turn favorite recipes into more healthful dishes, weight-loss tips, a glossary, and much more.About the Author Dionne Stevens, N.D. is a nutritionist, lecturer, and certified reflexologist. She comes from a long line of restaurateurs, and began cooking when she was very young. She lives in Tampa, Florida where she is a coordinator for Tampa Bay Harvest, an organization that "feeds the hungry without money." Visit Dionne's online //Nutrition Hot Line.
 id : 246290 ISBN : 0451620860  | name : The American West in Fiction  |  description : Part I. The East goes West -- Jack Slade, desperado (1872) / Mark Twain -- Salomy Jane's kiss (1897) / Bret Harte -- A man and some others (1897) / Stephen Crane -- A sergeant of the orphan troop (1898) / Frederic Remington -- Hank's woman (1900) / Owen Wister -- Part II. Where West was West -- A man called horse (1953) / Dorothy M. Johnson -- The wild land (1913) / Willa Cather -- The last thunder song (1907) / John G. Neihardt -- The bird in the bush (1917) / Eugene Manlove Rhodes -- McQuestion rides (1939) / Ernest Haycox -- Part III. The West of the storytellers -- The desert crucible (1915) / Zane Grey -- Wine on the desert (1936) / Max Brand -- War party (1959) / Louis L'Amour -- Massacre (1947) / James Warner Bellah -- Court day (1939) / Luke Short -- Part IV. The West in revision -- Desert command (1980)/ Elmer Kelton -- Lapwai winter (1966) / Will Henry -- The slaughter (1965) / Benjamin Capps -- The wind and the snow of winter (1944)/ Walter Van Tilburg Clark -- Candles in the bottom of the pool (1973) / Max Evans.
 id : 246291 ISBN : 051757828X  | name : A Real Shot in the Arm  |  description : Resuming her career as a journalist--which she had given up for marriage and children--Chris Martin finds herself in the middle of a sensational murder case, a probe into local corruption, and romance
 id : 246292 ISBN : 0312028776  | name : The Book of the Dead  |  description : When wealthy Charles Carrington, proud owner of an unpublished Sherlock Holmes story and husband to a younger, adulterous wife, is murdered, amateur detective Augustus Maltravers must turn to Holmes himself to solve the crime
 id : 246295 ISBN : 0931188822  | name : Antipodes  |  description : Lonia Guiu, a Catalan private detectice, investigates the disappearance of a wealthy young heiress in Australia
 id : 246296 ISBN : 1878923129  | name : Amok Fifth Dispatch  |  description : Directory of the Extremes of Information in Print The 'Amok Sourcebook' presents in one volume the entire gamut of extreme literature available from hundreds of publishers worldwide, complete with ordering information. Exhaustively researched, entertainingly annotated and provocatively illustrated, it is a guide to over 3,000 of the most bizarre, controversial and thought-provoking books - plus selected CD-ROMs, videos, CDs and websites - in print.
 id : 246297 ISBN : 0814907512  | name : Do with Me what You Will  |  description : Elaine Howe's search for freedom from misery and loneliness draws her into a fixation on the idea of romantic love
 id : 246298 ISBN : 0884116778  | name : Mrs. Miniver  |  description : As a best-selling book and an Academy Award-winning movie. Mrs. Miniver's adventures have charmed millions. This edition, published on the fiftieth anniversary of the book's orginal publication in the U.S., features a new introduction by Greer Garson, who won the Academy Award as best actress for her role as Mrs. Miniver.
 id : 246302 ISBN : 0688015107  | name : The Month-Brothers  |  description : Reality gives way to enchantment in the mountains of Bohemia one blustery January night when a little girl is ordered to find snowdrops by her cruel stepmother. The child knows that these delicate spring flowers do not grow in the middle of the winter, but what else can she do but obey? In the frozen woods she comes upon twelve magical brothers who make the impossible happen. This charming story about a little girl who sees all the twelve months of the year at once is a retelling of a traditional Czechoslovakian folktale by Samuel Marshak, one of Russia's greatest folklorists. The lyricism of Marshak's language is retained in this sensitive rendering by the distinguished translator Thomas P. Whitney. Diane Stanley's dazzling watercolor illustrations enhance the telling. The opulence of her patterned textures, the intricacy of her decorative details capture the flavor of long-ago Bohemia while at the same time transforming the landscape into a world of fantasy in which flowers can indeed bloom in wintertime. This exquisite picture book will enchant readers for many years to come.
 id : 246303 ISBN : 0802138446  | name : Madame Melville  |  description : "The General from America provides a rich portrait of Benedict Arnold, a man most often dismissed simply as a traitor (at least in the United States). Nelson's account of Arnold's search for love and country, and his discovery of only compromise and despair, will haunt readers and audiences."--BOOK JACKET.
 id : 246305 ISBN : 0892563273  | name : If I'm So Smart, why Do I Eat Like This?  |  description : "The successful woman's guide to breaking her unique pattern of food abuse through a revolutionary 12-day program"--Jacket subtitle.
 id : 246307 ISBN : 0866837531  | name : Women's Reality  |  description : Discusses a Female System that is fluid and encompassing, enabling women to liberate themselves from societal myths and express themselves freely. -- Introduction.
 id : 246308 ISBN : 0394734491  | name : Alistair Cooke's America  |  description : A "personal history" of the United States.
 id : 246309 ISBN : 0465000975  | name : The Alcoholic Family  |  description : In this groundbreaking work, four distinguished researchers at the Center for Family Research at the George Washington Medical Center detail over ten years of research into alcoholism in the family context. "This landmark work is essential reading for anyone who wants to understand or treat alcohol abuse. A welcome counterpoint to the simplistic explanations usually offered on the subject, it provides us with the authors' many years of careful, sophisticated research in a clear, empathic, and clinically sensitive presentation. The developmental perspective has crucial implications for diagnosis and intervention".--Monica McGoldrick, Rutgers University Medical School. Notes, tables and index.
 id : 246310 ISBN : 0201034352  | name : Women As Winners  |  description : Women are encouraged to increase their self-awareness and fulfill their potential through techniques of Transactional Analysis
 id : 246312 ISBN : 0060129530  | name : Marina and Lee  |  description : Marina and Lee is a ... detailed portrait of a man who was driven to kill and a woman who was determined to survive.
 id : 246313 ISBN : 0380776952  | name : Gospel Legends  |  description : Profiles of gospel music's leading performers and composers, from Mahalia Jackson to BeBe and CeCe Wynans, chronicle those who have made gospel one of the most popular musical genres in America. Original.
 id : 246314 ISBN : 0812814584  | name : The Descent of Woman  |  description : 'The Descent of Woman' is a pioneering work, the first to argue for the equal role of women in human evolution. On its first publication in 1972 it created an international debate and became a rallying-point for feminism, changing the terminology of anthropologists forever. Starting with her demolition of the Biblical myth that woman was an afterthought to the creation of man, Elaine Morgan rewrites human history and evolution. This lively, informative book sets out to solve the riddle of our origins; its answer is controversial. Elaine Morgan has made the 'Aquatic Ape Hypothesis' a plausible alternative to conventional theories of evolution and 'The Descent of Woman' first set out an understanding of who humans are and where they come from.
 id : 246315 ISBN : 1568651503  | name : Trinity  |  description : The "terrible beauty" that is Ireland comes alive in this mighty epic that re-creates that Emerald's Isle's fierce struggle for independence. Trinity is a saga of glories and defeats, triumphs and tragedies, lived by a young Catholic rebel and the beautiful and valiant Protestant girl who defied her heritage to join him. Leon Uris has painted a masterful portrait of a beleaguered people divided by religion and wealth--impoverished Catholic peasants pitted against a Protestant aristocracy wielding power over life and death.
 id : 246316 ISBN : 0671215787  | name : In One Era and Out the Other  |  description : The telvision entertainer combines wit and wisdom as he discusses contemporary values and society as compared to the world of yesterday.
 id : 246317 ISBN : 039458936X  | name : Rabbit at Rest  |  description : Ex-basketball player Harry "Rabbit" Angstrom has acquired heart trouble, a second grandchild, and is looking for a reason to live.
 id : 246318 ISBN : 0453005667  | name : The Goldbeck's Guide to Good Food  |  description : The Goldbecks show readers how to make informed buying decisions--how to detect and avoid additives and pesticides in foods; how to evaluate claims that a food is "natural" or "contains no preservatives"; and more. Line drawings.
 id : 246322 ISBN : 0916458903  | name : The Selected Poems of Oleh Lysheha  |  description : Lysheha is considered the "poets' poet" of contemporary Ukraine. A dissident and iconoclast, he was forbidden to publish in the USSR from 1972 to 1988. Since then, his reputation has steadily grown to legendary proportions. Collected here are facing-page English and Ukrainian versions of selected poems and a play, Friend Li Po, Brother Tu Fu.
 id : 246323 ISBN : 1591020077  | name : Woman, Church, and State  |  description : Matilda Joslyn Gage, from Fayetteville, New York, provides one of the first attempts to document the legacy of injustice and discrimination against women from a Christian point of view.
 id : 246327 ISBN : 1843910101  | name : For a Night of Love  |  description : In these three short stories, Émile Zola presents characters in search of fulfillment—romantic, religious, and financial. Read together, they give us an extraordinary depiction of sexual mores. When the apparently angelic Thérèse commits murder, she offers sexual favors to a petty clerk if he will dispose of the body; the pregnant Flavie manipulates a neighbor’s interest in her dowry to arrange a shotgun wedding; and churchgoing women find their hunger for Christianity unsatisfied by a vapid priest. These are beautiful and poignant stories unified by the powerful themes of deception and discontent.
 id : 246328 ISBN : 0717802000  | name : Ten Days that Shook the World  |  description : In Ten Days That Shook the World John Reed conveys, with the immediacy of cinema, the impression of a whole nation in ferment and disintegration. A contemporary journalist writing in the first flush of revolutionary enthusiasm, he gives a gripping record of the events in Petrograd in November 1917, when Lenin and the Bolsheviks finally seized power. Containing verbatim reports both of speeches by leaders and the chance comments of bystanders, set against an idealized backcloth of the proletariat, soldiers, sailors, and peasants uniting to throw off oppression, Reed's account is the product of passionate involvement and remains an unsurpassed classic of reporting. Book jacket.
 id : 246329 ISBN : 0140444467  | name : The Poem of the Cid  |  description : One of the finest of epic poems, and the only one to have survived from medieval Spain, The Poem of the Cid recounts the adventures of the warlord and nobleman Rodrigo Díaz de Vivar - 'Mio Cid'. A forceful combination of heroic fiction and historical fact, the tale seethes with the restless, adventurous spirit of Castille, telling of the Cid's unjust banishment from the court of King Alfonso, his victorious campaigns in Valencia, and the crowning of his daughters as queens of Aragon and Navarre - the high point of his career as a warmonger. An epic that sings of universal human values, this is one of the greatest of all works of Spanish literature. For more than seventy years, Penguin has been the leading publisher of classic literature in the English-speaking world. With more than 1,700 titles, Penguin Classics represents a global bookshelf of the best works throughout history and across genres and disciplines. Readers trust the series to provide authoritative texts enhanced by introductions and notes by distinguished scholars and contemporary authors, as well as up-to-date translations by award-winning translators.
 id : 246331 ISBN : 0192853961  | name : The French Revolution: A Very Short Introduction  |  description : Beginning with a discussion of familiar images of the French Revolution, this work looks at how the ancien régime became ancien as well as examining cases in which achievement failed to match ambition.
 id : 246333 ISBN : 0964742098  | name : 101 Things You Can Teach Your Kids about Baseball  |  description : Instructions on everything from hitting, fielding, and baserunning to defensive strategies and sportsmanship for both instructors and players.
 id : 246334 ISBN : 0195215249  | name : The making of the European age  |  description : The sixth volume in this eleven volume set presents an illustrated history of religious, social and political upheaval in Europe from 1500 to 1800 and the colonization of the New World.
 id : 246338 ISBN : 0811214117  | name : Memoirs of a Shy Pornographer  |  description : Can you imagine why a pornographer would be shy? Are you satisfied with the state of (a) World Society (b) your soul (c) American writing? Are you in the habit of reading books that could have been written by anybody? Do you really want the truth? Do you know how angels learn to fly? What would you feed a green deer? Do you think a profound social message can be conveyed by a book that is comic in character? When Kenneth Patchen's comic masterpiece, The Memoirs of a Shy Pornographer first appeared in 1945, these questions were asked on the dust jacket. They have never seemed more relevant. The hilarious saga of Alfred Budd of Bivalve, New Jersey-a Candide-like innocent and part-time pornographer, written with what Diane DiPrima called Patchen's "tender silliness," should inspire a new generation of readers
 id : 246339 ISBN : 0930422341  | name : The Mysterious Chronicles of Oz: Or Tip and the Sawhorse of Oz  |  description : Princess Ozma disguises herself as a boy and travels with a lively sawhorse through the fairyland of Oz, meeting Quox the dragon, Polychrome the cloud fairy, and other unusual characters.
 id : 246340 ISBN : 0810836505  | name : The Healthy Cookery Index  |  description : Rhonda Kleiman solves the problem of which healthy cookbook to choose by offering an index to 20 of the most popular and accessible vegetarian, low cholesterol, and other healthy eating cookbooks.
 id : 246341 ISBN : 1570620776  | name : Letters to Vanessa  |  description : The world we inhabit is enchanted—every tree, rock, and star, and even "empty" space itself, is teeming with living energy and awareness. And it's all nearer to us than our own breath. Why, then, can't we see it? Because, according to Jeremy Hayward, we are taught not to. And because our cultural conditioning keeps us in denial about the fact that a strictly scientific worldview provides only a partial, and unsatisfactory, view of reality. Letters to Vanessa is the guidebook for a generation caught in the crunch between the hard realities of science and the genuine yearning for an experience of the sacred. In a series of letters addressed to his teenage daughter, Dr. Hayward points the way past the limits of science and shows how we can connect with the magical, multidimensional universe of soul. Along the way he presents the most recent findings of neuroscience, cognitive psychology, new biology, and physics in a most engaging and understandable way. He also provides practical meditation instructions that will enable everyone to reconnect with the joyous reality of ordinary life.
 id : 246344 ISBN : 0880334622  | name : From America with Love  |  description : On the eve of World War II, a young American girl went to Ruthenia in the heart of central Europe hoping to get married and return with her husband to New Jersey. But cataclysmic events intervened and, although she never gave up her American citizenship, it was sixty years before she returned home. This is her dramatic story. It describes daily life for a family struggling to survive in a region taken over by the Soviet Union and suddenly subjected to nationalization, collectivization, religious persecution, re-education, and political terror.
 id : 246345 ISBN : 1573929387  | name : Truth  |  description : In a quiet village in late-nineteenth-century France, an eleven-year-old boy is found dead in his room, and the townsfolk erupt in outrage, pointing fingers and shifting suspicions from one resident to another, until the whole town is consumed by anger and suspicion.
 id : 246347 ISBN : 0590467344  | name : Lóng is a Dragon  |  description : Explains how Chinese writing developed and demonstrates how to write seventy-five Chinese characters, using detailed instructions and examples.
 id : 246348 ISBN : 1840461543  | name : Introducing Fascism and Nazism  |  description : This book traces the origins of Fascism in the nineteenth century traditions of ultra-conservatism, the ideas of Nietzsche, Wagner and other intellectuals which helped to make racist doctrines respectable and led to the ultimate horrifying logic of the Holocaust.
 id : 246349 ISBN : 0786412984  | name : Suffragist Sheet Music  |  description : This is an exhaustive reference work of sheet music published in the United States from the late 18th century to the year after adoption of the 19th amendment to the Constitution granting women the right to vote. In chronological order, the entries present bibliographic data (words by, music by, published in, published by, copyright, size, cover, inside, key, location) on each piece of music, a photographic depiction of the cover or first page (where available), and the complete lyrics for each piece. Included are early music of a rebellious nature, music surrounding the early woman's rights conventions, and pro and anti woman's rights and suffrage pieces from 1795 on; a limited number of entries on non-U.S. sheet music are presented also. General music about women, sentimental and love songs, and songs related to traditional roles and stereotypes have not been included.
 id : 246350 ISBN : 014050530X  | name : The Almost Awful Play  |  description : Second-grader Ronald Morgan inadvertently turns a failing class play into a success.
 id : 246351 ISBN : 0761821384  | name : Yankele  |  description : Notwithstanding this, Yankele endures as a story of happiness, revealing the depths of faith, courage and honor - in spite of the odds - of this modern day Job."--BOOK JACKET.
 id : 246352 ISBN : 0152373748  | name : The Hundred Dresses  |  description : Wanda tells everyone that she has 100 dresses at home, but she chooses only to wear one of them.
 id : 246353 ISBN : 0060255048  | name : Go to Sleep, Nicholas Joe  |  description : Tired of going to bed before everyone else, Nicholas Joe flies from house to house all around the world, putting children and adults to sleep.
 id : 246355 ISBN : 0920897118  | name : All of Baba's Children  |  description : Myrna Kostash's All of Baba's Children is a penetrating and revealing look at the lives of those of Ukrainian ethnic identity in Canada. Although the book is focused on this population, the conclusions she arrives at are of interest to anyone looking into the long term effects of being an ethnic subgroup in a larger culture. The book melds together personal recollections with source documents and other materials to probe the pressures and conflicts this community has experienced in the past hundred years. Extremely valuable reading for those of Ukrainian descent in both the USA and Canada, but also of great value to sociologists studying ethnic minorities in these two countries.
 id : 246356 ISBN : 0679882030  | name : Mick Harte Was Here  |  description : An award-winning, heartrending young middle grade novel from Barbara Park—the #1 New York Times bestselling author of the Junie B. Jones series—just right for readers of Frindle, Love That Dog, The Lemonade War, and other classic young middle grade favorites. Kids aren’t supposed to die. Phoebe’s brother, Mick, was one of the funniest, coolest kids you’d ever meet—the kid who made you laugh until your stomach hurt, even if you were mad at him. The kid who freaked his and Phoebe’s mom out by putting a ceramic eye in a defrosted chicken; who went trick-or-treating as Thomas Crapper, the inventor of the modern-day flush toilet; who did a wild solo dance in front of the entire school. He was the kid you’d want to be friends with. So how can he be gone? And how will Phoebe’s family survive without him? Winner of 12 State Awards! An IRA-CBC Young Adults’ Choice A School Library Journal Best Book of the Year A Publishers Weekly Best Book of the Year * “Genius . . . excruciatingly real . . . powerful.” —Publishers Weekly, starred “[A] wrenching story permeated with humor and hope.” —School Library Journal For the Review section (please add the two reviews and the state awards below): “A very moving story about a terrific 12-year-old boy. By the end of the book, readers miss him, too.” —Kirkus Reviews “Park skillfully interweaves humor and pain in this unique, utterly believable account of Phoebe’s attempt to cope with a heartbreaking loss.” —The Horn Book WINNER—Georgia Children’s Book Award WINNER—Connecticut Nutmeg Book Award WINNER—Kansas William Allen White Children’s Book Award WINNER—North Dakota Flicker Tale Children’s Book Award WINNER—Rhode Island Children’s Book Award WINNER—South Carolina Children’s Book Award WINNER—Vermont Dorothy Canfield Fisher Book Award WINNER—Illinois Rebecca Caudill Young Readers’ Book Award WINNER—Indiana Young Hoosier Book Award WINNER—Iowa Children’s Choice Award WINNER—Minnesota Maud Hart Lovelace Book Award NOMINEE—Washington Evergreen Young Adult Book Award WINNER—Kentucky Bluegrass Master List
 id : 246357 ISBN : 0679836454  | name : What Happened in Hamelin  |  description : A novel of the Pied Piper legend told from the standpoint of a 14-year-old baker's assistant who dreams of freedom from his harsh medieval life and of a new life with the piper.
 id : 246358 ISBN : 0064407829  | name : Regular Guy  |  description : Guy is convinced that the man and woman with whom he has lived all his life cannot possibly be what they claim to be--his parents. They're too weird! Would anyone else's mother tie-dye every pair of underwear in the house? Would anyone else's father perform the famous oyster trick by sucking an oyster up his nose with a horrible noise and spitting it out of his mouth--in a restaurant? No--except maybe the parents of the weirdest, craziest, most unappealing kid in Guy's whole class, Bob-o. But Bob-o's parents are as normal as parents come--just like Guy. This gives Guy food for thought, especially when he finds out that he and Bob-o have the same birthday, and were born in the same hospital! Guy and his best friend Buzz are determined to find out the truth about what really took place the day Guy and Bob-o were born. Readers will delight in Weeks's humorous yet sensitive handling of this classic adolescent phase--the search for identity. 00-01 Texas Bluebonnet Award Masterlist
 id : 246359 ISBN : 1578400031  | name : A Tale of Two Cities  |  description : Must one honorable man pay for the sins of his cruel, aristocratic family? Can an old man brutally wronged by that family find forgiveness before it's too late? And will history--the sweeping violence of the French Revolution--force father to betray child in his search for vengeance? A Tale of Two Cities is Charles Dickens's immortal story of love and ultimate sacrifice.
 id : 246360 ISBN : 0393039331  | name : Auschwitz, 1270 to the Present  |  description : Auschwitz, 1270 to the Present elucidates how the prewar ordinary town of Auschwitz became Germany's most lethal killing site step by step and in stages: a transformation wrought by human beings, mostly German and mostly male. Who were the men who conceived, created, and constructed the killing facility? What were they thinking as they inched their way to iniquity? Using the hundreds of architectural plans for the camp that the Germans, in their haste, forgot to destroy, as well as blueprints and papers in municipal, provincial, and federal archives, Deborah Dwork and Robert Jan van Pelt show that the town of Auschwitz and the camp of that name were the centerpiece of Himmler's ambitious project to recover the German legacy of the Teutonic Knights and Frederick the Great in Nazi-ruled Poland. Analyzing the close ties between the 700-year history of the town and the five-year evolution of the concentration camp in its suburbs, Dwork and van Pelt offer an absolutely new and compelling interpretation of the origins and development of the death camp at Auschwitz. And drawing on oral histories of survivors, memoirs, depositions, and diaries, the authors explore the ever more murderous impact of these changes on the inmates' daily lives.
 id : 246361 ISBN : 0714839590  | name : Five Hundred Self-portraits  |  description : A compelling collection of self-portraits from throughout recorded history.
 id : 246363 ISBN : 0300083556  | name : The Ukrainians  |  description : In this comprehensive, up-to-date guide to the modern Ukraine, Wilson concentrates on the country's complex relationship to Russia and its path to independence in 1991, including the economic collapse under its first president and the attempts at recovery under his successor. 36 b&w, 16 color illustrations.
 id : 246365 ISBN : 0767906438  | name : The 85 Ways to Tie a Tie  |  description : Quirky, charming, informative, unique -- two Cambridge physicists reveal the myriad ways to tie a tie.
 id : 246367 ISBN : 087975737X  | name : Dancing Naked in the Material World  |  description : Dancing Naked in the Material World, a unique and illuminating photo-documentary, allows us to look beyond the exotic, sometimes grimy surface of the world of striptease and into the lives of the women who perform there. The dancers, whose humanity and intelligence is graciously depicted in Marilyn Futterman's brilliant black-and-white photographs, describe in their own words how they feel about themselves, their marginal profession, and the men who support it. How does such a sexual, competitive occupation affect the self-esteem of these women? What are their fears, hopes, and ambitions? Futterman, after deciding to do a photographic series on strippers, became a waitress in one of the clubs in Atlanta, Georgia. Working with and interviewing the dancers enabled her to better understand their diverse and complex lives. She witnessed first-hand the strippers' working environment, the people met there, and the relationships between the women. Men go to these clubs seeking fantasy for a dollar with no threat of intimacy. And the women achieve a kind of emotional fulfillment that is remarkably harder to find outside the doors of the club. Dancing Naked's poignant depiction of this odd social contract is important cultural history, vivid autobiography, and beautiful photography.
 id : 246368 ISBN : 0060279001  | name : The Wish (rack)  |  description : Wilma Sturtz is invisible and miserable at school. So when an old lady on the subway offers her a wish, Wilma immediately asks for popularity -- in fact, she asks to be the most popular kid at school. Suddenly, Wilma has more friends than she can keep track of, forty dates to the Grad Night Dance, and a secret admirer writing her love poems. Everything is great, until she realizes there's a loophole in her wish, and her time in the spotlight has almost run out.
 id : 246369 ISBN : 0195215192  | name : Prehistory and the first civilizations  |  description : The first volume in this eleven volume set presents an illustrated history of the world from 4,000,000 BCE to 550 BCE, including the origins of man and beginnings of societies and civilizations.
 id : 246371 ISBN : 0813527422  | name : Twin Towers  |  description : Folklorist Angus Gillespie examines the development and daily life of the World Trade Center in New York. He covers how the engineers solved complex problems, and the contrast between the architectural community's disdain and the public acceptance of the towers as a symbol of New York.
 id : 246372 ISBN : 0195215206  | name : Eastern Asia and classical Greece  |  description : The second volume in this eleven volume set presents an illustrated history of the world from 2,500 BCE to 50 CE, including the beginnings of civilizations in Eastern Asia and classical Greece.
 id : 246373 ISBN : 0140439161  | name : The Bounty Mutiny  |  description : The names William Bligh, Fletcher Christian, and the Bounty have excited the popular imagination for more than two hundred years. The story of this famous mutiny has many beginnings and many endings but they all intersect on an April morning in 1789 near the island known today as Tonga. That morning, William Bligh and eighteen surly seamen were expelled from the Bounty and began what would be the greatest open-boat voyage in history, sailing some 4,000 miles to safety in Timor. The mutineers led by Fletcher Christian sailed off into a mystery that has never been entirely resolved. While the full story of what drove the men to revolt or what really transpired during the struggle may never be known, Penguin Classics has brought together-for the first time in one volume-all the relevant texts and documents related to a drama that has fascinated generations. Here is the full text of Bligh's Narrative of the Mutiny, the minutes of the court proceedings gathered by Edward Christian in an effort to clear his brother's name, and the highly polemic correspondence between Bligh and Christian-all amplified by Robert Madison's illuminating Introduction and rich selection of subsequent Bounty narratives. For more than seventy years, Penguin has been the leading publisher of classic literature in the English-speaking world. With more than 1,700 titles, Penguin Classics represents a global bookshelf of the best works throughout history and across genres and disciplines. Readers trust the series to provide authoritative texts enhanced by introductions and notes by distinguished scholars and contemporary authors, as well as up-to-date translations by award-winning translators.
 id : 246374 ISBN : 0195215214  | name : Rome and the classical West  |  description : This volume discusses classical Rome from its beginnings as a city-state, through the acquisition of a vast empire spanning three continents, to the beginnings of Christianity and the decline of the western Roman Empire.
 id : 246376 ISBN : 0791062848  | name : The Carpatho-Rusyn Americans  |  description : -- A celebration of the ethnic groups that provide the United States and Canada with their rich and varied cultural heritages -- Narrates the history and culture of specific immigrant or native populations -- Generously illustrated with photographs, maps, and graphics
 id : 246378 ISBN : 006028871X  | name : Angus, Thongs and Full-Frontal Snogging  |  description : Angus: My mixed-breed cat, half domestic tabby, half Scottish wildcat. The size of a small Labrador, only mad. Likes to stalk Mr. and Mrs. Next Door's poodle. I used to drag him around on a lead, but, as I explained to Mrs. Next Door, he ate it. Thongs: Stupid underwear worn by old Swotty Knickers, Lindsay What's the point of them, anyway? They just go up your bum, as far as I can tell. Full-Frontal Snogging: Kissing with the trimmings, lip to lip, open mouth, tongues...everything (apart from dribble, which is never acceptable). As taught to me by a professional snogger. In this wildly funny journal of a year in the life of Georgia Nicolson, British author Louise Rennison has perfectly captured the soaring joys and bottomless angust if being a teenager. In the spirit of Bridget Jones' Diary, this fresh, irreverent, and simply hilarious book will leave you laughing out loud. As Georgia would say, it's "Fabbity fab fab!" Books for the Teen Age 2001 (NYPL), Books for Youth Editor's Choice 2000 (Booklist), Top 10 Youth First Novels 2000(Booklist), 2001 Michael L. Printz Honor Book, 2001 Best Books for Young Adults (ALA), and 2001 Quick Picks for Reluctant Young Readers (ALA)
 id : 246379 ISBN : 0786407646  | name : Thousands of Roads  |  description : Before, during and after World War II, the author was active in the Ukrainian underground resistance, fighting first against the Polish, then the Soviet occupation. This book documents her life from the age of 14 when she was recruited, through her participation in the movement, her marriage to revolutionary leader Orlan, their capture and her eventual escapes from the KGB which, tragically, cost her both her husband and her children. Annotation copyrighted by Book News Inc., Portland, OR
 id : 246380 ISBN : 0295975806  | name : A History of Ukraine  |  description : Although the new state of Ukraine came into being as one of many formed in the wake of the Revolution of 1989, it is hardly a new country. Paul Robert Magocsi tells its story from the first millennium before the common era to the declaration of Ukrainian independence in 1991, with a balanced discussion of political, economic, and cultural affairs.
 id : 246382 ISBN : 0374157502  | name : For Your Own Good  |  description : Alice Miller examines the backgrounds of several extreme cases of self-destructive individuals to illustrate the long-term consequences of abusive child-rearing. Her conclusions come into conflict with psychoanalytic dogma about human nature, which she is vehemently opposed to. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 246384 ISBN : 1862042209  | name : Way Ahead  |  description : A compelling collection of writings from 50 of the most prominent voices of our time. These authors contribute pieces expressing their perspectives on current social, environmental and political problems. With millennium fever in full force, each offers a vision of the future for the turn of the century. Contributors include HH The Dalai Lama, HRH Prince Philip, Deepak Chopra, Bernie Siegal, and many others. Photos.
 id : 246386 ISBN : 0618170480  | name : From Antiquity to the Enlightenment  |  description : With an emphasis on social history, this text provides a high-interest narrative for students, integrating political and cultural phenomena into its socially oriented narrative. Highlights of the new seventh edition include: * New! Images in Society--Four photo essays comparing visual sources from similar periods will teach students how to analyse visual sources as historical data * New! Pedagogical features increased in this revision include: Key Terms, Comparative time lines, Chapter outlines * Extensive topics revision: Expanded Egyptian religion section New! Material on the polls and Greek democracy New! Discussion of the Romanization of Italy and the provinces New! Material on the origins of Christian sacraments Revised discussion on the Peace of God New! In depth exploration of the cultural consequences of the Crusades Revised section on the Atlantic Slave Trade Updated material on nationalism to incorporate new scholarship Reworked Chapter 31 to include globalisation, and offering updated coverage of recent world events including those of November 11
 id : 246387 ISBN : 1551113260  | name : Sources for the History of Western Civilization  |  description : This reader documents the history of the West from the second millennium BC through the twentieth century. This volume includes a selection of literature, letters, laws, records, biographical writings, and illustrations that collectively create a portrait of the West's intellectual, social, political, and material development.--
 id : 246388 ISBN : 0393976599  | name : Principles of Animal Behavior  |  description : Principles of Animal Behavior, the highly an ticipated contemporary text from Professor Lee Alan Dugatkin, takes a uniquely integrative approach to animal behavior. Professor Dugatkin creates a balanced discussion in several ways: by recognizing genetic evolution as the primary force underlying animal behavior while also discussing the role of learning and cultural transmission, by placing equal emphasis on theory and empirical work, by employing a diverse group of case studies, and by covering both vertebrates and invertebrates extensively. Principles of Animal Behavior also features exclusive interviews with leading scholars and researchers, lively prose, and a vivid art program, ensuring that it will be a welcome addition to the field.
 id : 246389 ISBN : 014044453x  | name : The Treasure of the City of Ladies, Or, The Book of the Three Virtues  |  description : Christine de Pisan's writing is a valuable counterbalance to most of the rest of our evidence of medieval life which was written by men. She addresses all women, from those at the royal court to prostitutes, painting a vivid picture of their lives in fine detail-and often in a dryly amusing way. Her tone is moral, but also down to earth. A woman's position, as Christine herself knew, was hardly secure.
 id : 246390 ISBN : 0811815455  | name : Capolan Artbox  |  description : When the Capolanian government wanted commemorative stamps and postcards created in honor of their 650th anniversary, they turned, quite naturally, to artist and writer Nick Bantock. Who better to capture the mythical nation's enigmatic spirit? The result is a sumptuous treasure box of history, legend, and fantasy. Inside, the curious will find the very postcards and stamps Mr. Bantock created for this commission, along with a book -- not much larger than a passport -- in which he introduces the history, philosophy, customs, and traditions of this mysterious nomadic tribe. Visit griffinandsabine.com!
 id : 246393 ISBN : 1582552770  | name : Frye's 3000 Nursing Bullets NCLEX-RN  |  description : A quick-study guide in a bulleted format helps students study the essential facts when preparing for the NCLEX-RN. Covers all of the clinical areas found on the NCLEX-RN including fundamentals, maternal-neonatal nursing, pediatric nursing, medical-surgical nursing, and psychiatric and mental health nursing. An introduction to the computerized adaptive testing format, a summary of the NCLEX-RN test plan, and tips for developing effective test-taking strategies are included. This easy and compact book is ideal for reviewing on the go. This edition includes 500 new bullets.
 id : 246394 ISBN : 1564586170  | name : Woman's Body  |  description : Covers different aspects of women's health and physiology.
 id : 246396 ISBN : 0486623424  | name : Galois Theory  |  description : In the nineteenth century, French mathematician Evariste Galois developed the Galois theory of groups-one of the most penetrating concepts in modem mathematics. The elements of the theory are clearly presented in this second, revised edition of a volume of lectures delivered by noted mathematician Emil Artin. The book has been edited by Dr. Arthur N. Milgram, who has also supplemented the work with a Section on Applications. The first section deals with linear algebra, including fields, vector spaces, homogeneous linear equations, determinants, and other topics. A second section considers extension fields, polynomials, algebraic elements, splitting fields, group characters, normal extensions, roots of unity, Noether equations, Jummer's fields, and more. Dr. Milgram's section on applications discusses solvable groups, permutation groups, solution of equations by radicals, and other concepts.
 id : 246398 ISBN : 0735709696  | name : Bert Monroy  |  description : In the Digital Masters series, New Riders takes pride in being an innovator in graphics publishing by sharing with the reader a passion for the science and for the art of computer graphics. Bert Monroy: Photorealistic & Illustrator celebrates the reunion of art and science, along with individual artistic accomplishment. This book provides a forum for the master at the highest level to speak directly with his peers and followers about how he crafts his creations, and about why he makes the artistic and technique decisions that help develop his work. Bert Monroy conveys a personal seminar-based approach that is unique to his own techniques and talents. The body of this book reflects the areas of technical expertise and artistic exploration that are important to Bert and his audience.
 id : 246399 ISBN : 0806959622  | name : Split Decisions and Other Word Puzzles  |  description : Anagram loops, mixagrams, pentads, and phrase forays: if you love wordplay, these intriguing puzzles are better than crosswords! They don't have those awful, never-before-heard words meant just to trip you up. And 7 out of these 10 puzzles have no clues at all! You complete them by doing anagrams or by using the three or four letters provided to get you started. Begin with the simplest and make your way up the ladder to the hardest and trickiest. Split decisions have letter pairs in a grid, surrounded by empty squares. Each answer consists of a pair of words that share the letters that should be entered in those squares. For example: Go two by two to complete miniature crisscross puzzles: the vowels are there, but you have to add the correct consonants. Mixagrams have a five- and a four-letter word on each line; their letters have been mixed together, but their order is unchanged--just like this: D A R I U N V E T = DRIVE + AUNT It's hours and hours of braintwisting! 96 pages, 63 b/w illus., 5 3/8 x 8 1/4.
 id : 246400 ISBN : 0517480859  | name : Walt Disney World  |  description : A photographic tour of Disney World and Epcot Center in Florida reveals all of the park's amusements and attractions, and includes a brief history of the Magic Kingdom
 id : 246404 ISBN : 0840762070  | name : The Freedom from Depression Workbook  |  description : The majority of Americans will experience serious depression at one time or another in their lives, and some of these people will contemplate taking their own lives. Drs. Carter and Minirth offer a hands-on, 12-step action plan for recognizing, understanding and conquering this common emotional disorder.
 id : 246405 ISBN : 0705421716  | name : The Mystic Dawn  |  description : An exciting book that explores the fascinating world of ancient Celtic legend and belief.
 id : 246409 ISBN : 088266851X  | name : Inspiration in Cross Stitch  |  description : Containing solid, technical information on everything from thread types to frames and framing techniques to the different kinds of stitches, this book includes step-by-step instructions, plus materials and thread lists, stitching charts, and patterns for finished garments. Five complete alphabets complement the projects. Over 140 color photos and drawings.
 id : 246411 ISBN : 0486229734  | name : American Indian Needlepoint Designs for Pillows, Belts, Handbags & Other Projects  |  description : Information on the fundamentals of the craft prefaces diagrams of tribal designs scaled to number ten canvas
 id : 246412 ISBN : 1573671053  | name : Enchanting Delights  |  description : Enchantment abounds in every stitch in this incredible collection of heirloom-quality designs found in the pages of Enchanting Delights. With the 40-plus never-before-published cross stitch designs in this 160-page hardcover book, stitchers will be taken away to places of excitement, serenity and inspiration. A masterpiece of spellbinding designs, Enchanting Delights weaves fantasy and fiction with soulful poetry to warm the heart. A splendid gathering of individual pieces by various talented designers, this book is one that will be treasured for a lifetime.
 id : 246415 ISBN : 0806931647  | name : Splendid Samplers to Cross-stitch  |  description : Ranging in size, complexity, and style, these 35 colorful projects include a nautical sampler featuring flags from around the world, whimsical paper doll samplers, adorable Mama, Papa, and Baby Bear samplers, a Louis XVI Chairs Sampler that displays seven pieces of classic furniture, and more.
 id : 246416 ISBN : 080690349X  | name : Heavenly Cross-stitch  |  description : Enjoy the inspiration of cross stitch projects that draw on Bible themes. Some echo the glory of cathedral stained glass and Old Masters; others draw upon Early American samplers used to teach children. Imaginative Christmas designs feature "The Road to Bethlehem, " "Mary and the Christ-Child, " and the Nativity. Other themes from the life of Christ include "Jesus and the Children" and "The Last Supper." Heavenly hosts of angels appear, as well as "A Family Tree, " "Little Red Church, " and "Noah's Ark." 32 patterns in all. 128 pages (all in color), 8 1/2 x 11.
 id : 246418 ISBN : 0810981300  | name : Ireland in Poetry  |  description : 136 illus., 67 in full color. Orig. $39.95.
 id : 246419 ISBN : 0684828154  | name : The Landmark Thucydides  |  description : However, this classic book has long presented obstacles to the uninitiated reader. Written centuries before the rise of modern historiography. Thucydides' narrative is not continuous or linear.
 id : 246420 ISBN : 0805049134  | name : World Mythology  |  description : A New York Public Library Outstanding Reference Book Filled with more than 500 color photographs, charts, maps, and line drawings, this is an incomparable guide to the world's most important mythological traditions.
 id : 246421 ISBN : 0060199067  | name : Evolution  |  description : In this dazzling companion volume to a seven–part SBS series (airing November 2002), an award winning journalist collaborates with leading scholars in the life sciences (Stephen Jay Gould, Sarah Hrdy, Mary–Claire King, Steven Pinker, etc.) to tell the compelling story of the theory of evolution starting with Darwin's seminal insights and ending with the cutting–edge developments in 20th century science that have confirmed and extended his findings. In this remarkable new book, a rich and up–to–date view of evolution is presented that explores the far–reaching implications of Darwin's theory. In a world where species loss is escalating, there are growing pressures on food production and energy resources, and lethal antibiotic–resistant diseases are running rampant, evolution becomes a way of grappling both with our planet's past and it's future. At a time when controversies surrounding creationism and education are bursting into public consciousness, this book's emphasis on the power, significance, and relevance of evolution will make it a catalyst for public debate. EVOLUTION, the book and the series, marks a turning point in the 150–year debate and will be an indispensable asset to any serious reader with an interest in the life sciences, a passion for truth in education, or a concern for the future of the planet.
 id : 246424 ISBN : 0876059477  | name : An Illustrated Encyclopedia of Aquarium Fish  |  description : Photographs and text examine different types of freshwater and marine fish. Includes instructions for tank setup and tips for breeding.
 id : 246425 ISBN : 0521471494  | name : The American Revolution in Indian Country  |  description : This study presents the first broad coverage of Indian experiences in the American Revolution rather than Indian participation as allies or enemies of contending parties. Colin Calloway focuses on eight Indian communities as he explores how the Revolution often translated into war among Indians and their own struggles for independence. Drawing on British, American, Canadian and Spanish records, Calloway shows how Native Americans pursued different strategies, endured a variety of experiences, but were bequeathed a common legacy as a result of the Revolution.
 id : 246426 ISBN : 0926524097  | name : Plant Spirit Medicine  |  description : Explores an old way of healing through the spirit of plants.
 id : 246427 ISBN : 1576731804  | name : Stories for the Heart  |  description : Includes stories by Max Lucado, James Dobson, Kay Arthur, Billy Graham, Chuck Swindoll, Paul Harvey, and others.
 id : 246428 ISBN : 0739436007  | name : Taming the Scotsman  |  description : Fleeing a loveless marriage, Nora enlists the aid of Ewan MacAllister, the only man feared by her father and unwanted fiancé, to protect her on the journey from Scotland to England, only to fall for the proud Highlander with the dark past and wounded heart.
 id : 246429 ISBN : 0812579674  | name : The Elk-Dog Heritage  |  description : Don Coldsmith, inducted into the Writer's Hall of Fame of America and voted one of the Greatest Western Writers of the Twentieth Century by the Western Writers of America, is one of our national treasures. He single-handedly revolutionized the Western novel with his acclaimed Spanish Bit Saga, which has more than six million copies in print. Set in the early sixteenth century, the Spanish Bit Saga re-creates a time, a place, and a people that have been nearly lost to history. In it we see history in the making through the proud eyes of those who lived it. In the recent past, the People lived in fear, constantly pursued by their ancient enemies, the Head Splitters. But that was before Spaniard Juan Garcia arrived, bringing horses-Elk-Dogs. He taught his adopted people to ride and fight, to defy death and be victorious. Slowly, at first, they learned the ways of the magnificent animals that Garcia brought them. Soon, none could stand against them, and the once cowering and timid People became lords of the American Great Plains. The Head Splitters were defeated and now the People live a life of peace and prosperity. But not all are satisfied with peace. Eager to prove their manhood, the youths of the tribe long for the days of war. Against the direct orders of their elders, the young bloods seek out the Head Splitters and, waging their own war, place the entire tribe in jeopardy.
 id : 246430 ISBN : 0743229576  | name : Interview with God  |  description : A MESSAGE OF HOPE FOR EVERYONE On May 29, 2001, Reata Strickland posted a version of Interview with God on a local church Web site in Alabama, with no announcements or advertising. Within a week 500,000 people had heard about it and taken a look. Soon, the numbers reached well into the millions, and they have been growing steadily ever since. God's message, which gently points out our failings while reminding us of what really matters in life, has become an astonishing success, reaching out and touching people around the world. Now, in this beautiful full-color edition enhanced by many new photographs and a Foreword by Reata Strickland, Interview with God can be treasured and shared, time and again.
 id : 246435 ISBN : 0809464004  | name : The Age of God-kings  |  description : The book covers ancient history of the world between 3000 and 1500 BC.
 id : 246436 ISBN : 0783547609  | name : Under the Sea  |  description : Text and illustrations provide a guide to underwater animal and plant life. Includes information on exploration, scientific research and conservation.
 id : 246437 ISBN : 0933031688  | name : A Cherokee Feast of Days  |  description : The author of the nationally beloved inspirational column Think on These Things offers a book of daily meditations drawn from her own rich Cherokee heritage and that of other tribes. Joyce Sequichie Hifler presents readings for each day of the year from Una la ta nee'--the cold Month, January-- to U Ski' Ya, the Snow Month of December. Each provides insights expressed both in English and in Cherokee, and germs of Native wisdom recorded in the words of Native speakers. This little treasury is for readers of all fauths, and for those seeking faith.
 id : 246438 ISBN : 0806645768  | name : Christ in Our Home  |  description : Organized on a perpetual calendar to be used year after year, Christ in Our Home offers devotions, daily Scripture passages, and prayers, plus provides ample space for daily journaling. Consumable.
 id : 246439 ISBN : 1564581799  | name : Dogs  |  description : An illustrated look at dogs discusses the appearance, habits, and development of more than three hundred breeds
 id : 246443 ISBN : 074991422X  | name : Mindfulness Meditation for Everyday Life  |  description : Mindfulness is considered the heart of Buddhist meditation. But its essence is universal and of deep practical benefit to everyone. In Mindfulness Meditation for Everyday Life, Jon Kabat-Zinn maps out a simple path for cultivating mindfulness in our lives, and awakening us to the unique beauty and possibilities of each present moment. He shows us how this simple meditation technique can enable us to be truly in touch with where we already are, so that we can be fully aware at all times.
 id : 246445 ISBN : 0700701419  | name : Calm and Insight  |  description : This manual, by an experienced Buddhist, has been written so that it will be easily accessible also to the reader who knows nothing about meditation, but also contains knowledge and experience that can be gained only through practice.
 id : 246446 ISBN : 0875427596  | name : The Women's Book of Healing  |  description : Discover the secrets to personal development as you learn how to heal emotional, spiritual, and physical problems, when you get The Women's Book of Healing by Diane Stein. For thousands of years, women had been the healers of the world. In the West, their position and personal power was taken away. Now you can recapture the power and skills of the healer with the help of The Women's Book of Healing. If you have ever wanted to learn how to heal, this is the book you must have. Look at what you'll learn in The Women's Book of Healing: ·Auras and how they relate to health ·The chakras ·Basic healing skills including meditation, visualization, and color work ·Psychic healing ·Laying on of hands: pranic healing ·Healing with crystals and gemstones ·Planetary gemstones ·Gemstone remedies After you learn the basic healing techniques and the theories behind them, you'll be able to go right into the comprehensive section on working with gems and crystals. You'll learn which gemstones are appropriate for working with each chakra. Several full-color photos make it easy to identify the stones. Included are explicit instructions for laying down the crystals and gems and how to use them for healing. Need something quick? The Women's Book of Healing has that, too. Included is a list of gemstones which can help with over 75 common health problems and "dis-eases," from overcoming problems associated with aging to relieving the pain of ulcers. You can use these easy, powerful methods on yourself or on friends and family. If you're ready to let the healing begin, get The Women's Book of Healing.
 id : 246447 ISBN : 0241133122  | name : The Change  |  description : Paperback edition of a bestselling book first published in 1991, which challenges the medical, religious and social myths surrounding menopause. The author argues that acceptance and understanding of this crucial life stage will lead to serenity and female empowerment. By the Australian-born author of 'The Female Eunuch', it includes a bibliography and an index.
 id : 246450 ISBN : 048622550X  | name : 25 Kites That Fly  |  description : Details the methods and materials required to construct twenty-five types of kites and offers instructions in reeling and stringing
 id : 246451 ISBN : 1563680483  | name : Word Signs  |  description : Provides words, illustrations, and sign language for common objects.
 id : 246452 ISBN : 0822510553  | name : Baseball's Home-run Hitters  |  description : Brief biographies emphasizing the careers of ten famous home-run hitters: Babe Ruth, Lou Gehrig, Jimmy Foxx, Ted Williams, Ralph Kiner, Mickey Mantle, Willie Mays, Roger Maris, Henry Aaron, and Harmon Killebrew.
 id : 246454 ISBN : 1562946110  | name : Launch Day  |  description : Describes preparation, launch, and return of the Atlantis space shuttle at Cape Kennedy Space Center in Florida.
 id : 246455 ISBN : 038550036X  | name : When Life Calls Out to Us  |  description : Married in 1947, the Frankls created a life of hope and faith, a life committed to proclaiming the oneness of the human family, challenging materialistic values, and encouraging the pursuit of meaning.".
 id : 246456 ISBN : 067155851X  | name : Kitten's Christmas  |  description : It's Christmas, and a little kitten is busy getting ready for the holiday.
 id : 246457 ISBN : 0307117103  | name : The Story of Christmas  |  description : Describes the birth of Jesus in the stable in Bethlehem and the events preceding and following this occasion.
 id : 246459 ISBN : 0439188733  | name : The Music Teacher from the Black Lagoon  |  description : A boy contemplates all the horrible stories he has heard about the music teacher, Miss LaNote, and the ordeals she forces her students to endure.
 id : 246460 ISBN : 0816741824  | name : A Kwanzaa Miracle  |  description : Ashley and Darryl Parker find out why their neighbor, Mrs. Jackson, is so unhappy and invite her to be the special honorary ancestor at their apartment building's Kwanzaa celebration
 id : 246461 ISBN : 0307123480  | name : Disney's Aladdin  |  description : The Disney version of the tale of the poor orphan, Aladdin, who with the help of a genie, outwits the evil Jafar and wins the love of Princess Jasmine
 id : 246462 ISBN : 0816718784  | name : Treasure Island  |  description : While going through the possessions of a deceased guest who owed them money, the mistress of the inn and her son find a treasure map that leads them to a pirate's fortune.
 id : 246463 ISBN : 0843132671  | name : Counting Rhymes  |  description : A selection of nursery rhymes and poems to introduce counting and numbers.
 id : 246465 ISBN : 0916392147  | name : The Value of Respect  |  description : A brief biography of Abraham Lincoln emphasizing the importance of respect of his life.
 id : 246468 ISBN : 0448090961  | name : Mountain-peak Mystery  |  description : Two teenagers searching for a duplicate manuscript containing the secret disclosure of an orphan's grandfather realize dangers from unknown enemies who are also hunting for the document.
 id : 246469 ISBN : 0740738496  | name : Animal Wisdom  |  description : Animal Wisdom, digital imaging guru John Lund is back with the magic of photo manipulation that reveals what animals are really doing. From dogs and cats playing twister to ducklings doing the can-can, readers will laugh out of these animals' antics and gain wisdom as well!
 id : 246470 ISBN : 0595305415  | name : Spiritual Polyamory  |  description : Spiritual Polyamory is a powerful, groundbreaking work, certain to intrigue, challenge and stimulate members of both the "poly-curious" and polyamorous communities. Mystic Life takes you on a journey into honesty, awareness and self-exploration. You will be encouraged to explore your true beliefs about love, jealousy, sex and letting go of control. This book will help you to open your mind and heart to a fresh approach to intimacy which transcends fear and releases you into a world of unbound peace and joy. For more information visit www.spiritualpolyamory.com
 id : 246471 ISBN : 0892814241  | name : Earth Magic  |  description : This treasury of pagan beliefs and herbal lore tells of remedies and charms, weather signs, and the best seasons and times for carrying out projects.
 id : 246473 ISBN : 1563410125  | name : Lesbian (out)law  |  description : "Lesbians are both outside the law and within it. Lesbians are always under the rule of law, under the rule of men. As les-bian legal theory, Ruthann Robson--author of Cecile and The Eye Of A Hurricane, and an attorney on the faculty of the CUNY Law School--asks the question: How can lesbians use the law without being used by it?"--BOOK JACKET.
 id : 246474 ISBN : 019282970X  | name : The Oxford Book of Essays  |  description : Ranging from the early 1600s through the 1980s, this sweeping collection by the editor of The Oxford Book of Aphorisms includes 140 essays by 120 of the finest writers in the history of the English language. Gross has collected classics and rare gems, representative samples and personal favorites, serious reflections and hysterical satire.
 id : 246475 ISBN : 1566631955  | name : Tenured Radicals  |  description : Since Tenured Radicals first appeared in 1990, it has achieved the status of a minor classic. Trenchant and witty, it lays bare the sham of what now passes for serious teaching and research in the humanities at American universities Mr. Kimball names his enemies precisely....This book will breed fistfights.--Roger Rosenblatt, New York Times Book Review. All persons serious about education should see it.--Allan Bloom, author of The Closing of the American Mind
 id : 246476 ISBN : 0679438084  | name : Titan  |  description : John D. Rockefeller, Sr.--history's first billionaire and the patriarch of America's most famous dynasty--is an icon whose true nature has eluded three generations of historians. Now Ron Chernow, the National Book Award-winning biographer of the Morgan and Warburg banking families, gives us a history of the mogul "etched with uncommon objectivity and literary grace . . . as detailed, balanced, and psychologically insightful a portrait of the tycoon as we may ever have" (Kirkus Reviews). Titan is the first full-length biography based on unrestricted access to Rockefeller's exceptionally rich trove of papers. A landmark publication full of startling revelations, the book will indelibly alter our image of this most enigmatic capitalist. Born the son of a flamboyant, bigamous snake-oil salesman and a pious, straitlaced mother, Rockefeller rose from rustic origins to become the world's richest man by creating America's most powerful and feared monopoly, Standard Oil. Branded "the Octopus" by legions of muckrakers, the trust refined and marketed nearly 90 percent of the oil produced in America. Rockefeller was likely the most controversial businessman in our nation's history. Critics charged that his empire was built on unscrupulous tactics: grand-scale collusion with the railroads, predatory pricing, industrial espionage, and wholesale bribery of political officials. The titan spent more than thirty years dodging investigations until Teddy Roosevelt and his trustbusters embarked on a marathon crusade to bring Standard Oil to bay. While providing abundant new evidence of Rockefeller's misdeeds, Chernow discards the stereotype of the cold-blooded monster to sketch an unforgettably human portrait of a quirky, eccentric original. A devout Baptist and temperance advocate, Rockefeller gave money more generously--his chosen philanthropies included the Rockefeller Foundation, the University of Chicago, and what is today Rockefeller University--than anyone before him. Titan presents a finely nuanced portrait of a fascinating, complex man, synthesizing his public and private lives and disclosing numerous family scandals, tragedies, and misfortunes that have never before come to light. John D. Rockefeller's story captures a pivotal moment in American history, documenting the dramatic post-Civil War shift from small business to the rise of giant corporations that irrevocably transformed the nation. With cameos by Joseph Pulitzer, William Randolph Hearst, Jay Gould, William Vanderbilt, Ida Tarbell, Andrew Carnegie, Carl Jung, J. Pierpont Morgan, William James, Henry Clay Frick, Mark Twain, and Will Rogers, Titan turns Rockefeller's life into a vivid tapestry of American society in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. It is Ron Chernow's signal triumph that he narrates this monumental saga with all the sweep, drama, and insight that this giant subject deserves. From the Hardcover edition.
 id : 246477 ISBN : 0671226851  | name : The White Album  |  description : First published in 1979, "The White Album "is a mosaic" "of the late sixties and seventies. It includes, among other bizarre artifacts and personalities, the dark journeys and impulses of the Manson family, a Balck Panther Party press conference, the story of John Paul Getty's museum, the romance of water in an arid landscape, and the swirl and confusion of the sixties. With commanding sureness of mood and language, Joan Didion exposes the realities and dreams of that age of self-discovery whose spiritual center was California.
 id : 246478 ISBN : 067944243X  | name : Sleeping with Extra-terrestrials  |  description : With both wit and empathy, Kaminer takes on what many people hold sacred."--BOOK JACKET.
 id : 246482 ISBN : 0345478932  | name : Summer Island  |  description : Thirty-four year old Ruby Bridge is a not-too-successful comedienne who uses her mother, a nationally-syndicated "moral and spiritual counselor" as the main fodder for her cynical, rather bitter humor. Her mother Nora, long divorced from Ruby's father, is a woman whose past is just about to catch up with her - in the form of blackmail by a former lover. After an accident (an attempted suicide?) Ruby returns to care for her stricken mother - bitterly resenting the fact that once again her mother's life has colonized hers. When she is approached by a publisher to write a biography of her mother, Ruby is desperate for the princely sum offered. Yet her research into her mother's past reveals a woman very different from the one Ruby expected. And what began as "mommy dearest" ends as a love story - not only between mother and daughter, but involving two very different men who play a key role in linking the past to the present.
 id : 246483 ISBN : 0345478886  | name : Summer Moon  |  description : When mail-order bride Kate Whittington arrives in Texas to meet her new husband, Reed Benton, she is shocked to discover that he has never heard of her, but decides to stay on and win the hearts of an embittered man and a confused little boy.
 id : 246484 ISBN : 2890262669  | name : À diable-vent  |  description : Hélène Gauthier-Chassé reproduit et commente quatorze légendes parmi celles qu'elle a recueillies dans les trois régions de Trois-Pistoles, Rimouski et la vallée de la Matapédia. En introduction, elle expose dans quel esprit elle a procédé à la sélection et au découpage du matériel accumulé. Au début de chacune des trois parties du recueil, elle relève les attitudes caractéristiques rencontrées dans la région concernée.
 id : 246486 ISBN : 0345328647  | name : Julian Lennon  |  description : A biography of a musical legend's son, now a rising star in his own right.
 id : 246487 ISBN : 074323815X  | name : 21 Dog Years  |  description : In 1998, when Amazon.com began to recruit employees, they gave temp agencies a simple directive: send us your freaks. Mike Daisey -- slacker, onetime aesthetics major -- fit the bill. His subsequent ascension, over the course of twenty-one dog years, from lowly temp to customer service representative to business development hustler is the stuff of both dreams and nightmares. Here, with lunatic precision, Daisey describes lightless cube farms in which book orders were scrawled on Post-its while technicians struggled to bring computers back online, as well as fourteen-hour days fueled by caffeine, fanaticism, and illicit day-trading from office desks made out of doors. You'll meet Warren, the cowboy of customer service, capable of verbally hog-tying even the most abusive customer; Amazon employee #5, a computer gamer who spends at least six hours a day locked in his office killing goblins but is worth a cool $300 million; and Jean-Michele, Daisey's girlfriend and sparring partner, who tries to keep him grounded, even as dot-com mania seduces them both. Punctuated by Daisey's hysterically honest fictional missives to CEO Jeff Bezos, 21 Dog Years is an epic story of greed, self-deception, and heartbreak -- a wickedly funny anthem to an era of bounteous stock options and boundless insanity.
 id : 246489 ISBN : 0141012218  | name : The Penguin TV Companion  |  description : The most wide-ranging and useful book available on the subject, The Penguin TV Companion is an invaluable guide to UK television. It gives full cast lists and lively plot synopses of 2000 programmes broadcast in the UK, as well as entries on actors, writers, producers and directors. It has been fully updated and hugely expanded for its second edition.
 id : 246491 ISBN : 0441802214  | name : The Tender Devil  |  description : Already working on two dangerous cases, Matthew Scudder, a down-and-out, hard-drinking ex-cop, becomes personally involved when the wife of a friend is brutally murdered
 id : 246493 ISBN : 0689712634  | name : Every Living Thing  |  description : Here are twelve deeply moving short stories from the perceptive pen of Cynthia Rylant. Each captures the moment when someone's life changes -- when an animal causes a human being to see things in a different way, and, perhaps, changes his life.
 id : 246494 ISBN : 0553101137  | name : Three on the Edge  |  description : Nearly 200,000 people in the United States are currently participating in clinical trials. John Kelly's compelling medical documentary follows three patients who have staked their lives on experimental treatments.
 id : 246497 ISBN : 0671506307  | name : The Elected Member  |  description : The drug addiction that causes him to suffer terrible hallucinations threatens to destroy Norman's relationship with his father, Rabbi Zweck
 id : 246498 ISBN : 0812501101  | name : Waking Nightmares  |  description : A collection of short fiction introduces a man who carefully follows directions to his own demise and a frightening creature from the pages of a pop-up book
 id : 246502 ISBN : 0453010156  | name : The Piano Teacher  |  description : This seasonal cookbook features recipes that call for fresh, nutritious, and economical ingredients along with more than 250 full-day menus based on the newest Weight Watchers food plan
 id : 246504 ISBN : 0896866475  | name : The Tafts  |  description : Examines the private life and political career of the only president to also serve as Supreme Court justice and describes the influence of his wife, Nellie.
 id : 246506 ISBN : 0152166629  | name : Scribbler of Dreams  |  description : Kaitlin Malone hates the Crutchfields. Her family has feuded with them for generations, and now her dad is in jail for killing one of them. This legacy of hatred has never been questioned--until Kaitlin falls for a Crutchfield boy. As if that's not bad enough, that boy is the son of the man her father murdered.
 id : 246507 ISBN : 1577570839  | name : The Resilient Power of Purpose  |  description : In The Resilient Power of Purpose, Larry DiAngi offers inspiring yet practical advice on how to make your dreams a reality. By following the seven principles Larry sets out in this book, you will learn how to rediscover the passion of your purpose in life and be propelled with unstoppable inspiration. You will be challenged to explore questions such as: What is the purpose in my life? How can I discover my true identity? How do I live an inspired life that creates continual motivation? How am I influenced by the people that surround me? How do my thoughts about the different areas of my life affect me? How can I overcome procrastination and self-sabotage? How can I make my dream a reality despite the negative influences in my life? How can I learn to face my fears and find the courage to do things I have never done? Filled with poignant stories and examples from Larry's own life. The Resilient Power of Purpose will inspire you to pursue your dreams with relentless energy and courage.
 id : 246509 ISBN : 0141305967  | name : Thanks to My Mother  |  description : After struggling to survive in Nazi-occupied Lithuania, a young Jewish girl and her mother endure much in several concentration camps and on an eleven-day death march before being liberated by the Russian army.
 id : 246512 ISBN : 0385146817  | name : Who's on First?  |  description : Sent to France to kidnap a Soviet scientist who possesses information vital to America's space-satellite program, CIA agent Blackford Oakes experiences a crisis of conscience that means trouble for himself, Eisenhower, Dukes, and a beautiful Hungarian fre
 id : 246513 ISBN : 0446520357  | name : Dishonored  |  description : In India in 1857, the beloved wife of a British colonel dies during a native riot, an incident that spawns one hundred years of hatred, revenge, and violence and leads to a tragic romance.
 id : 246514 ISBN : 0718134478  | name : Longshot  |  description : A classic mystery from Dick Francis, the champion of English storytellers. Life as a writer is colder, hungrier work than John Kendall had bargained for. Not even the survival guides he's written can help him. So when notorious racehorse trainer Tremayne Vickers approaches Kendall to write his biography, it's an offer the impoverished writer can't turn down. Moving into Vickers' country home, Kendall quickly becomes immersed in his host's lifestyle: riding racehorses, making friends, and getting to know the family. But then a local stable girl is found dead - and the party's over. A killer is lurking in the shadows. And Kendall's own survival tips are about to become more useful - and more deadly - than he could ever have imagined . . . Praise for Dick Francis: 'As a jockey, Dick Francis was unbeatable when he got into his stride. The same is true of his crime writing' Daily Mirror 'Dick Francis's fiction has a secret ingredient - his inimitable knack of grabbing the reader's attention on page one and holding it tight until the very end' Sunday Telegraph 'The narrative is brisk and gripping and the background researched with care . . . the entire story is a pleasure to relish' Scotsman 'Francis writing at his best' Evening Standard 'A regular winner . . . as smooth, swift and lean as ever' Sunday Express Dick Francis was one of the most successful post-war National Hunt jockeys. The winner of over 350 races, he was champion jockey in 1953/1954 and rode for HM Queen Elizabeth, the Queen Mother, most famously on Devon Loch in the 1956 Grand National. On his retirement from the saddle, he published his autobiography, The Sport of Queens, before going on to write forty-three bestselling novels, a volume of short stories (Field of 13), and the biography of Lester Piggott. During his lifetime Dick Francis received many awards, amongst them the prestigious Crime Writers' Association's Cartier Diamond Dagger for his outstanding contribution to the genre, and three 'best novel' Edgar Allan Poe awards from The Mystery Writers of America. In 1996 he was named by them as Grand Master for a lifetime's achievement. In 1998 he was elected a fellow of the Royal Society of Literature, and was awarded a CBE in the Queen's Birthday Honours List of 2000. Dick Francis died in February 2010, at the age of eighty-nine, but he remains one of the greatest thriller writers of all time.
 id : 246515 ISBN : 0449216462  | name : The Sunset Warrior  |  description : A bladesman and the man destined to be the Sunset Warrior, Ronin is drawn into action when the warlords fear that their subjects may ascend once more to the earth's surface
 id : 246517 ISBN : 081257110X  | name : Ceres Storm  |  description : The human race has settled the solar system and expanded out among the stars. In this bizarre, mysterious, and colorful future, the solar system-and indeed human civilization itself-were transformed by nanotech storms. At their height, they swept across the planetary surfaces changing everything in their path. Young Daric has been raised in an isolated enclave on Mars, the clone of a fearsome ruler from the distant past. His identity discovered, the boy is kidnapped and dragged to the quarantined Earth, in search of his progenitor's fabled technologies. Daric escapes and begins a quest across the solar system to discover his fate-which may be the reconquest of a fallen empire.
 id : 246518 ISBN : 0375430830  | name : A Bend in the Road  |  description : Devastated by the death of his wife in a hit-and-run accident, Miles, deputy sheriff of New Bern, North Carolina, and a single father, discovers new meaning in his life when he meets Sarah Andrews, a woman struggling to rebuild her own life, but a devastating secret could tear them apart forever. (General Fiction)
 id : 246519 ISBN : 1874061394  | name : Charles Willeford Omnibus  |  description : A collection of three stories by one of America's best crime writers. 'The Pope of psycho-pulp' - Time Out 'No one writes a better crime novel than Charles Willeford' - Elmore Leonard
 id : 246521 ISBN : 0452275687  | name : Loon Lake  |  description : During the Great Depression of the '30s, a passionate, young New Jersey man leaves home to find his fortune. What he finds is a life so different from his own that it changes his destiny. A haunting story of dreams and desires, repackaged to match Doctorow's other bestsellers. Reprint from Bantam.
 id : 246523 ISBN : 0441004261  | name : Cradle of Splendor  |  description : A freak accident during Brazil's first manned space launch goes from disastrous to baffling when the ship, expected to plummet back to earth, seemingly shoots into orbit without any propulsion. Reprint.
 id : 246525 ISBN : 0553270710  | name : Fire in the Sky  |  description : Dan Locke, an American trapper in the Yukon, threatens to bring war to the region when he falls in love with an Indian girl named Loon-cry and violently takes her from her brutal husband, causing the warriors of her tribe to set off on a terrifying rampag
 id : 246527 ISBN : 0815604718  | name : The Night Has a Naked Soul  |  description : In a work that spans nearly two centuries, anthropologist Alan Kilpatrick explores the occult world of the Western Cherokee, expounding on previously collected documents and translating some forty new shamanistic texts that have never been disclosed to outside audiences. For over a hundred and fifty years, the Cherokee Indians have been recording their medico-magical traditions in the native script of the Sequoyah syllabary. These shamanistic texts, known as idi:gawe':sdi, deal with such esoteric matters as divining the future, protecting oneself from enemies (living and dead), destroying the power of witches, and purifying one's soul from all forms of supernatural harm. As one of the few scholars able to translate the discourse, Kilpatrick's work underlines the critical role of transformational language in the ritual performance.
 id : 246528 ISBN : 0451156854  | name : Kinflicks  |  description : In Kinflicks, Lisa Alther reels through the ups and downs of Ginny Babcock's coming of age in Hullsport, Tennessee, during the '50s and '60s. Ginny bounces from one identity to another, adopting the values, politics, lifestyle, even the sexual orientation of each new partner. In her wise, funny, and ultimately heartbreaking story, Alther explores the limited roles offered to women in the '60s - from cheerleader to motorcycle moll, bulldyke to madonna - each embodying important truths about the aspirations of the culture that created them.
 id : 246529 ISBN : 0875425917  | name : The Family Wicca Book  |  description : Chances are good that you are either part of a family or hope to be part of a family some day. And if you're a Wiccan, you realize how challenging it can be to raise a Wiccan family in a non-Pagan world. Now you can learn strategies to deal with these challenges in The Family Wicca Book by Ashleen O'Gaea. Ashleen has been married for almost twenty years and has a son who is twelve. She speaks from experience, not just theory. As an award-winning Pagan journalist, she presents her insights and experiences in a way that is fun and interesting. All families have good times and difficult times. This book covers both, and presents rituals and rites your family can do together. It includes simple rituals and magic so even young children can see the results for themselves. It gives samples of festivals from the Wiccan "Wheel of the Year" in formats that children can participate in and enjoy. Perhaps the greatest gift of this book is in the way it will show you how to deal with difficult situations. First, it offers advice on answering the difficult questions that children ask, and doing so from a Wiccan point of view. When a child asks "Why am I alive?" or "Why do bad things happen to people?" you will have answers that are profound yet make sense to kids. The outside world may also present child-raising challenges. How do you answer your children's friends' questions about your religion? What do you tell your child when he or she asks why some people think you're Satanists? And how do you influence your children to follow a life-affirming, harmonious, Wiccan path when the entire world seems to be focused on different things, from school to TV? The answers of one Wiccan mother are in this book. You can use her knowledge and experience to inform your answers.
 id : 246530 ISBN : 0801975085  | name : The Great Mechanical Wooden Toy Book  |  description : Offers detailed plans and instructions for building catapult cars, trains, carousels, whirligigs, cog machines, airplanes, and pull toys
 id : 246531 ISBN : 0553346776  | name : Aerobics Program For Total Well-Being  |  description : From the medical authority, whose previous bestsellers (Aerobics, The New Aerobics, The Aerobics Way, and Aerobics for Women) have sold more than 12 million copies, comes an exciting, new and comprehensive concept for total fitness. . . . Millions have benefited from Dr. Cooper’s famous aerobic exercise programs. He has revolutionized the way Americans get in shape and stay in shape. Now, he presents a complete program for total well-being—physically, nutritionally, emotionally. Discover for yourself why it is the most effective, enjoyable and medically sound approach to a lifetime of energy and good health. A program designed to bring physical and emotional health and vitality to every area of your life, including: • the 7 benefits of integrated aerobic exercise, including reduced risk of heart disease • the 4 types of exercise that have been most radically re-evaluated in terms of aerobic exercise • the 3 dozen ways to stay fit, and the 4 steps to making it fun • 3 complete weeks of nutritious menus • guidelines for the 22 components of a comprehensive medical exam, so you can work with your doctor to evaluate your level of fitness • plus, the aerobics way to diminish physical and emotional stress, enhance your sex life, and more
 id : 246532 ISBN : 0553066811  | name : On a Street Called Easy, in a Cottage Called Joye  |  description : When Gregory White Smith and Steven Naifeh first beheld Joye Cottage, a pleasure palace once owned by robber-baron William C. Whitney in Aiken, South Carolina, it was love at first sight. Behind the pristine facade, with its airy veranda, they discovered a "handyman special from hell." Undaunted, they bought it--and began the renovation project chronicled with love, humor, and enthusiasm in "On a Street Called Easy, In a Cottage Called Joye, capturing both the easy, down-home rhythms of life in Aiken and the mind-boggling, soul-testing challenges of dealing with falling plaster, collapsing floors, menacing subcontractors, eccentric local characters, and other surprises.
 id : 246534 ISBN : 0758201923  | name : Every Man for Himself  |  description : A sharp-tongued fairy tale about a man who transforms himself into the man ofeveryone's dreams--except for his lover.
 id : 246535 ISBN : 1559722061  | name : Mother Tongue  |  description : The author "presents the latest and most controversial research from the origins of language itself to the way the human brain makes and stores it, as well as how infants create it."--Jacket.
 id : 246536 ISBN : 0684801434  | name : The Complete Bedside Companion  |  description : From pain management to power of attorney, the definitive resource for anyone who helps care for a loved one or friend--at home, in the hospital, or in the nursing home. The "everyday angels" who perform the invaluable, demanding, and ultimately rewarding task of tending to those who cannot tend to themselves will find here an answer to their prayers.
 id : 246537 ISBN : 0441107087  | name : City of Illusions  |  description : Among the thousands of dreamers who arrive in Nevada lured by the prospect of finding gold and silver, Eilley Orrum Hunter Cowan Bowers is determined to become rich and build an empire
 id : 246539 ISBN : 0811212343  | name : Pack My Bag  |  description : Green's memoirs of growing up in England, the stately home packed with wounded soldiers of World War I, the miseries of Eton, and later his literary career.
 id : 246540 ISBN : 0151002479  | name : The Devil's Carousel  |  description : This lively novel brings to life the workers and management of the small Centaur Car Company automobile plant, where "the comic setting gives way to tragic events."--Jacket.
 id : 246541 ISBN : 0060508094  | name : Into the Mirror  |  description : Details the story of Robert P. Hanssen, the FBI Special Agent who singlehandedly created the greatest breach of security in the history of the United States.
 id : 246542 ISBN : 0525945989  | name : Russell Rules  |  description : The star center of the Boston Celtics reveals the eleven essential steps to attaining success in one's professional and personal life, offering the insights, memories, and enduring philosophy that made him a star.
 id : 246545 ISBN : 0831749792  | name : I Didn't Know That About Sports  |  description : Young readers can learn about soccer, swimming, basketball, gymnastics, baseball, bowling, football, ice hockey, tennis, the martial arts, track and field, and volleyball while searching for the people and objects hidden in the illustrations.
 id : 246548 ISBN : 0933346948  | name : Starlight Nights  |  description : Peltier reflects on the meaning of observational astronomy, inspiring new generations to look up to the heavens. This new edition features an introduction by S&T contributing editor David H. Levy plus 16 black-and-white photographs from the Peltier family archives.
 id : 246549 ISBN : 0312098278  | name : The Hanged Man  |  description : At a meeting of thirteen of Santa Fe's leading New Age healers, Quentin Bouvier, a magician and possibly a reincarnated Egyptian pharaoh, has been hanged from the rafters. He outbid Leonard Quarry for astrologer Eliza Remington's antique tarot card and now he's dead and the tarot card is missing. The police quickly arrest Giacamo Bernardi, a tarot reader, and charge him with the murder and theft. Bernardi's court-appointed attorney hires private investigator Joshua Croft to prove Bernardi's innocence. Suspects from the meeting and the community abound, including astrologers and psychics, a young hermit immersed in "Spiritual Alchemy," an aging movie star who acts as a medium for an entity from Alpha Centauri, a Native American shaman who gets accountants in touch with their warrior within, and a mysterious Asian woman whose equally mysterious brother displays a near-lethal familiarity with martial arts.
 id : 246550 ISBN : 082633203X  | name : A Flower in the Desert  |  description : Looks at a potentially explosive situation, in which genetically modified plants have become part of our daily diet, without consumer awareness or knowledge of potential risks. Asks whether food crops, a vital element of the collective wealth of this planet, should remain at the mercy of private interests.
 id : 246551 ISBN : 0826328873  | name : Wall of Glass  |  description : Joshua Croft wasn't looking for trouble. It just managed to find him. While Santa Fe private investigator Joshua Croft wasn't exactly comfortable fencing a stolen diamond necklace, he did have a living to make. But when the small-time cowboy who'd offered him the deal was murdered, Croft knew he was into something hotter than hot ice. In the posh section of Santa Fe, raw earth is as chic as sushi, and the trail of dirt Croft follows leads to even dirtier secrets, kinky sex, drugs, and double dealings--and a second murder that strikes just a little too close for comfort.
 id : 246552 ISBN : 095411101X  | name : Panglossian  |  description : Waking up in an East London hospital, with no identity or recollection of his past, the narrator has no option but to resign himself to a homeless and directionless existence. Adopting the name of Robin Forest, he seeks refuge in a hostel and meets other displaced people who begin to influence his life: Luther, a modern-day Fagin; Charlotte, a suspected drug addict; Adrian, an exiled gay headmaster; Keith, an overbearing bore, hiding from the police; Sniffy, a recruiter for an east end gang.Robin seeks to make a living by negotiating a begging pitch from Luther. He also befriends Charlotte, whose sister Kathy lies in a coma from a heroin overdose.Triggered by conversations with his new found friends, Robin begins to have minor insights to his past life, and to his concern and disbelief, discovers that he is a wanted for drug dealing and murder.On the run, Robin attempts to find the truth about himself and Kathy's overdose, but gets drawn into the criminal underworld of East London.
 id : 246553 ISBN : 0954111001  | name : The Nearest FarAway Place  |  description : For the last ten years, Carl Denham has immersed himself totally in establishing and running a successful business. Inexplicably his company is suddenly taken over and he finds himself unemployed, but two million pounds richer. With unexpected freedom his mind turns to finding Sarah Zurek, the girl he loved who drove him to his workaholic exile all those years ago.Carl embarks upon a search for Sarah and uncovers a web of deceit perpetrated by his ex-wife, his business partner, and Sarah?s family. Officially Sarah committed suicide, but his alarming discoveries suggest she was murdered instead.A car bombing, an arson, a murder and a trial later, Carl is alone again, ready to start another new life. Now someone is trying to kill him ...
 id : 246555 ISBN : 0816734267  | name : Six Thick Thumbs  |  description : Tongue-twisters form a tornado which sweeps over a little town and gives everyone except Tom the ability to recite tongue-twisters easily.
 id : 246556 ISBN : 080500985X  | name : The Ghosts of Hungryhouse Lane  |  description : The three mischievous Sweet children discover that their new house is home to three eccentric ghosts who want only to be left alone.
 id : 246557 ISBN : 0142003085  | name : The Gatekeepers  |  description : In the fall of 1999, New York Times education reporter Jacques Steinberg was given an unprecedented opportunity to observe the admissions process at prestigious Wesleyan University. Over the course of nearly a year, Steinberg accompanied admissions officer Ralph Figueroa on a tour to assess and recruit the most promising students in the country. The Gatekeepers follows a diverse group of prospective students as they compete for places in the nation's most elite colleges. The first book to reveal the college admission process in such behind-the-scenes detail, The Gatekeepers will be required reading for every parent of a high school-age child and for every student facing the arduous and anxious task of applying to college. "[The Gatekeepers] provides the deep insight that is missing from the myriad how-to books on admissions that try to identify the formula for getting into the best colleges...I really didn't want the book to end." —The New York Times
 id : 246559 ISBN : 8420481718  | name : Ardor guerrero  |  description : "Yo me llamaba J-54". En el otoño de 1979, un joven que sueña con ser escritor se incorpora por leva obligatoria al Ejército español. Su destino es el País Vasco. Su viaje es un lúgubre tren que atraviesa la península de sur a norte es el preludio de una pesadilla. "Conejo, vas a morir". Así serán recibidos los nuevos reclutas. Tendrán que olvidar su identidad y, en gran medida, su condición humana. En las paredes de los cuarteles colgaban todavía los retratos de Franco y su mensaje póstumo. Aquel recluta, J-54, se llamaba Antonio Muñoz Molina. Con el tiempo, sería premio nacional de Literatura en dos ocasiones, por El invierno en Lisboa y El jinete polaco. Ardor guerrero es un libro que quema en las manos y que el lector, sea cual sea su estación de partida, vivirá desde el primer fragmento con la intensidad de lo inolvidable, entomología humana, alegato contra la intolerancia, crónica incisiva de unos años clave en la historia de España.
 id : 246560 ISBN : 8420481289  | name : Tranvía a la Malvarrosa  |  description : Sobre un fondo de boleros, el protagonista de esta novela atraviesa la adolescencia con la frente cuajada de acné. Cada uno de aquellos granos era un pecado mortal, según le decía el confesor. El sentido de la culpa no podía desligarlo del placer y éste era la hierba quemada de verano, el sonido de la resaca en la playa bajo el cañizo ofuscado por la luz del arenal. Sobre un fondo de crímenes famosos en aquella Valencia todavía huertana de los años cincuenta se desarrolla la conciencia del protagonista. EL crimen de la envenenadora, el garrote vil a aquel esquizofrénico que asesinó y cubrió de flores a la niña antes de depositarla en una acequia, la aparición de las piernas depiladas de un hombre con la uñas pintadas dentro de un saco: a través de esta geografía de la memoria un tranvía con jardinera cruzaba la ciudad y se dirigía a la playa de la Malvarrosa. En ese espacio olvidó el protagonista la neurosis del padre, la tortura de una educación religiosa, la sordidez social de aquel tiempo. Desde el fondo de la adolescencia llegó a Valencia un día en que todos los escaparates de las pastelerías exhibían la imagen del general Franco confeccionada a base de frutas confitadas. Cualquier héroe tiene que hacer un viaje para encontrarse a sí mismo. El viaje de iniciación entre la adolescencia y la juventud el protagonista de este relato lo realiza en un tranvía hacia la playa de la Malvarrosa, donde la libertad fue conquistada y la inocencia quedó atrás junto con el bañador olvidado bajo un arbusto de adelfas. Manuel Vicent
 id : 246562 ISBN : 1931628157  | name : The Everlasting Hatred  |  description : Lindsay looks at the history of Jewish-Muslim relations.
 id : 246563 ISBN : 1888848251  | name : Planet Earth  |  description : Mr. Lindsey's 'Final Chapter' continues his asiduous efforts detailing the finish of mankind's history.
 id : 246565 ISBN : 0670031151  | name : The Newsboys' Lodging House, Or, The Confessions of William James  |  description : In this historical novel, Jon Boorstin imagines James's adventures during those missing months.".
 id : 246566 ISBN : 051720293X  | name : Leadership Lessons of Robert E. Lee  |  description : The tactics, strategies, philosophies, and attitudes in this book represent the essential qualities of Civil War general Robert E. Lee's leadership, wisdom and personal integrity. Today's leaders will find Lee's wise counsel to be practical, invigorating, and inspiring. The book is divided into sections dealing with such subjects as ambition, character, compassion, discipline, duty, politics, and vision.
 id : 246567 ISBN : 0786711515  | name : Dark Horse  |  description : A close-up look at post-Civil War American politics describes the narrow election of President James A. Garfield, his murder by assassin Charles Guiteau, and the machinations of the political power-brokers of the era.
 id : 246568 ISBN : 0465017568  | name : Holler If You Hear Me  |  description : Acclaimed for his writing on Malcolm X and Martin Luther King, Jr., as well as his passionate defense of black youth culture, Michael Eric Dyson is known as the "hip-hop intellectual." With his Blackboard best seller Holler If You Hear Me, Dyson has reached his widest audience to date, bringing to life the hopes and dreams of slain hip-hop artist Tupac Shakur. Viewed by many as a "black James Dean," Tupac has attained cult status since his death six years ago, partly due to the posthumous release of several albums, three movies, and a collection of poetry. But Tupac lives on primarily because of the devotion of his loyal followers. Dyson helps us to understand why a twenty-five-year-old rapper, activist, poet, actor, and alleged sex offender looms even larger in death than he did in life. With his trademark skills of critical thinking and storytelling, Dyson examines the significance of Tupac Shakur for black youth, assessing the ways in which different elements of Shakur's persona-thug, confused prophet, fatherless child-are both vital and destructive. Deeply personal and sharply analytical at the same time, Dyson's book offers a wholly original way of looking at Tupac Shakur that will thrill those who already love the artist and enlighten those who want to understand him.
 id : 246569 ISBN : 0743203291  | name : Robert Kennedy  |  description : A wide-ranging, well-researched biography of Robert Kennedy delves deeply into the life of this shy, crusading, and sometimes ruthless politician, uncovering his use of "back channels" in politics, his involvement with Marilyn Monroe, and the campaign that ended with his assassination. Reprint. 50,000 first printing.
 id : 246570 ISBN : 0679451455  | name : A Working Girl Can't Win and Other Poems  |  description : Highly readable poems--personal yet universal--about love and work in the life of a young woman, by a popular "New Yorker" writer and editor. These poems concern the poet's father's untimely death, her office life, her triumphs and disappointments in love, and her imaginative escape from the workaday world. Taken together, they form a compelling psychological story.
 id : 246571 ISBN : 1558534725  | name : People Ages 5 to 95 Share What They've Discovered about Life, Love, and Other Good Stuff  |  description : The first two volumes of this bestselling book inspired readers of all ages to collect even more lessons learned about successful living.
 id : 246573 ISBN : 0140239111  | name : Waiting Games  |  description : Offering a solution to the problem of trying to keep children occupied while waiting--in traffic, at the doctor's office, in a restaurant--a collection of games includes role-playing, creative counting, storytelling, memory games, and much more. Original.
 id : 246575 ISBN : 4770025009  | name : No One's Perfect  |  description : A boy born with neither arms nor legs tells his own amazing and inspiring story in a style purposefully meant to reach all ages. "No One's Perfect", Ototake's true account of how he has met and beat one challenge after another, has sold over four million copies in Japan, where he has utterly changed the way people view the disabled. "Ototake's style could not be more refreshing".--"Los Angeles Times". 8 photos.
 id : 246576 ISBN : 0836803582  | name : Counting on Frank  |  description : A boy and his dog present amusing counting, size comparison, and mathematical facts.
 id : 246580 ISBN : 0786883820  | name : Organize Your Home  |  description : Ronni Eisenberg, author of the popular but slightly more intimidating Organize Yourself!, has deconstructed the potentially hair-raising projects of getting the house in order: organizing closet space, filing household documents (do you know for sure if junior needs a tetanus shot anytime soon), finagling some counter space in the kitchen, and even keeping photo negatives from seeming to multiply like rabbits and threatening to overtake the living room. Eisenberg reveals how to trim daunting tasks (like clearing up the garage) into manageable chunks. If you're frazzled with worry about what sort of critters may be nesting in your attic or have gone 15,000 miles without an oil change or find yourself at the checkout of the grocery store grappling to find that Cheerios coupon that you know you stuffed in your wallet, only to find it two months later in the back of kitchen junk drawer, sadly expired, this book's for you.
 id : 246585 ISBN : 0671015346  | name : The Real World  |  description : In the New York Times bestselling tradition of MTV's The Real Real World and MTV's The Real World Diaries comes more behind-the-scenes information from the hit series, The Real World. Featuring gossip, games, facts, and trivia, the book also provides an application for the next season of the show.
 id : 246586 ISBN : 0441378447  | name : Unicorn U  |  description : Tim Desmond, a mere freshman at Princeton University, must battle the forces of evil when his girlfriend disappears, his mother falls in love with a black magician, and the forces of Death and Destruction gather in Poughkeepsie
 id : 246587 ISBN : 0821745956  | name : Fiend  |  description : Toxique, a fictious comic book heroine born in the vivid imagination of a lonely young boy, comes alive to do battle with an evil killer on a bloodthirsty quest to eliminate young comic book fans everywhere. Original.
 id : 246588 ISBN : 0448426412  | name : Favorite Horse Story  |  description : A collection of 25 horse stories.
 id : 246590 ISBN : 0874060273  | name : Barkley Come Home  |  description : When Barkley escapes from the wired cage at the airport, he is separated from his master Jamie, and he slowly makes his way back home.
 id : 246591 ISBN : 0020444400  | name : The Voyage of the Dawn Treader  |  description : Lucy and Edmund, accompanied by their peevish cousin Eustace, sail to the land of Narnia where Eustace is temporarily transformed into a green dragon because of his selfish behavior and skepticism.
 id : 246592 ISBN : 0020444206  | name : The Silver Chair  |  description : Our hardcover and paperback digest editions of THE CHRONICLES OF NARNIA are now graced with new jacket and cover art by 2-time Caldecott medalist David Wiesner.
 id : 246594 ISBN : 0020444303  | name : Prince Caspian  |  description : Four children help Prince Caspian and his army of Talking Beasts to free Narnia from evil.
 id : 246595 ISBN : 0812589262  | name : Scion of Cyador  |  description : Lorn, a mage and lancer officer, returns home from the frontier, where he has excelled but made dangerous enemies, in the midst of Cyad's chaos after the emperor's death.
 id : 246596 ISBN : 0451191897  | name : The Island of Dr. Moreau  |  description : Dr. Moreau, a scientist, finds an isolated island that gives him the freedom to create hideous creatures with manlike intelligence.
 id : 246597 ISBN : 0345373235  | name : The Hidden City  |  description : Sparhawk faces his greatest enemy, rescues his beloved Queen Ehlana from her abductors without surrendering his jewel of power, and confronts the dreaded monster Klael
 id : 246598 ISBN : 0761508309  | name : Riven  |  description : This book before you is a powerful tome--make it serve you to find Gehn, free Catherine, and rescue Riven's natives before it's too late. Get "Riven: The Official Strategy Guide for: Clear, step-by-step walkthroughs Detailed visual aids for exact guidance Easy to find solutions to every imaginable puzzle In-depth instructions via the Complete Riven JournalExclusive full-color poster and map and Ages, upon Ages more!Get the best that "any Age has to offer. Get the only book that Atrus can never tear apart! Get "Riven: The Official Strategy Guide so you can act while there is still time! About the Author Rick Barba is the author of "Myst: The Official Strategy Guide the bestselling strategy guide of all time. He has also written "Outlaws: The Official Strategy Guide, Warlords III: The Official Strategy Guide, and other Prima game titles.
 id : 246599 ISBN : 0965057763  | name : Sharing the Journey  |  description : A rollicking, often poignant look at a former professor's journey through life. This delightful journey is highlighted by 10 maxims or guidelines for good living, gleaned from students, clients and colleagues, illustrated from the author's experiences as a severe stutterer in his youth, through 30 years at Northern Michigan University, in a variety of unusual jobs and from a life-long immersion in nature, the greatest teacher.
 id : 246600 ISBN : 0425061620  | name : Lion of Ireland  |  description : Brian Boru is stronger, braver, and wiser than all other men--the greatest king Ireland has ever known. Out of the mists of the country's most violent age, he emerges to lead his people to the peak of their golden era. Reissue.
 id : 246602 ISBN : 0804114579  | name : Pulse  |  description : AT ELLIS HOSPITAL, MURDER IS MAKING THE ROUNDS. When sweet young Chloe, everybody's favorite nurse, dies in the recovery room after a routine appendectomy, nurse Adel Coutant's suspicions are aroused. It's the third sudden death among the hospital staff in a year, and Adel is certain one of her coworkers is behind the onslaught. But who in this pressure-cooker workplace--where drugs, sex, and odd spiritual practices serve to ease tension--bears the mark of true madness? As Adel starts probing, the fever of fear soars, and a brilliant maniac watches and waits. . . .
 id : 246604 ISBN : 0843127244  | name : Roving Reporter  |  description : When Jamie starts a gossip column for her school paper, her magic high tops allow her to hear and see things without being seen, but her snooping could cost her her best friend.
 id : 246605 ISBN : 0425084426  | name : In the Shadow of the Bear  |  description : Two Russian defectors warn seventeen-year-old Annie about an impending Soviet invasion of Alaska and Annie braves the Alaskan tundra to relay the secret information to the proper authorities.
 id : 246606 ISBN : 0671626469  | name : Edge of Destruction  |  description : After the kidnapping of the Hardy Boys' father, criminals hold New York City ransom under the threat of a city-wide fatal virus.
 id : 246607 ISBN : 0440235847  | name : If Only  |  description : She dreamed of becoming a pop star. She fought her way through personal obstacles to emerge -- against overwhelming odds -- as an international pop sensation: Ginger Spice of the supergroup the Spice Girls. Then, at the height of her fame, Geri Halliwell walked away from it all. if only is the inspiring story of Halliwell's roller-coaster journey from insecure teenager to nineties' pop superstar. With wry humor and rare candor, she reveals the hunger for love and acceptance that propelled her from her working-class beginnings to fame beyond her wildest dreams. She shares candid thoughts about her battle with bulimia...her unforgettable meeting with Prince Charles...her ongoing quest for spiritual fulfillment...the real reason she left the Spice Girls. And she takes us inside the mind and heart of the outrageously dressed performer whose public persona shouted "Girl Power!" yet who constantly strove to discover who she really was. When she left the Spice Girls in 1998 -- with a string of number one hits behind her -- she was ready to stop being Ginger Spice and start becoming Geri Halliwell. Today, at twenty-seven, she has already embarked on a new journey -- a platinum solo album, three number one singles, and the inspirational role of Goodwill Ambassador for the United Nations -- rushing toward a future filled with success, fulfillment, and, hopefully, no regrets.
 id : 246608 ISBN : 0061061832  | name : Ben's in Love  |  description : A blind teen falls in love with two girls. Making Out.
 id : 246609 ISBN : 0671621289  | name : Cult of Crime  |  description : In trying to free their friend Holly from the clutches of a murderous mountain cult, the Hardy Boys find that the lunatic Rajah and his followers have spread to their own home town.
 id : 246610 ISBN : 0061061875  | name : Claire Gets Caught  |  description : While trying to help her friends straighten out their knotted relationships, Claire discovers that meddling in other people's love lives can have a potential for disaster. Original.
 id : 246611 ISBN : 0671679570  | name : Sisters in Crime  |  description : While visiting a friend at a California college, Nancy searches for a campus killer when she investigates the drowning death of sorority girl Rina Charles.
 id : 246612 ISBN : 0671701398  | name : Rich and Dangerous  |  description : On a New York vacation, Nancy Drew saves the life of an elderly woman who turns up dead a few days later and whose allegedly caring family may have brought the woman to her demise.
 id : 246613 ISBN : 0590409689  | name : The Door in the Wall  |  description : Set in the 14th century, this is the classic story of one boy's personal heroism when he loses the use of his legs. "An enthralling and inspiring tale of triumph over handicap. Unusually beautiful illustrations, full of authentic detail, combine with the text to make life in England during Middle Ages come alive". ("The New York Times".) A Newbery Medal and Lewis Carroll Shelf Awards. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 246614 ISBN : 0061091928  | name : The Judas Testament  |  description : A curator of ancient documents, Dr. Jack Gould travels to Moscow at the urgent request of a friend to translate the verse on a recently unearthed parchment. Jack realizes with a sickening chill that what he is reading are the radical thoughts of Jesus, written in his own hand. Now he is caught in a terrifying crossfire--his only choice is to uncover the truth.
 id : 246615 ISBN : 0440211972  | name : Rogue Wave  |  description : Second in Dunlap's hot new women's detective series, which The New York Times Book Review hails as a work of "sure technique . . . white-knuckle plot and bare-knuckle action scenes". A murder case forces Kiernan to work with her ex-lover and reveals the skeletons in both their closets. "Dunlap is one of the best of the new crop of mystery writers".--San Diego Union.
 id : 246616 ISBN : 0394502809  | name : The Body in Question  |  description : Based on the thirteen-part BBC-TV series, this illustrated overview of modern biology and modern medicine examines the unprecedented advances that have been made in the past twenty-five years.
 id : 246617 ISBN : 0195142616  | name : The Breast Cancer Wars  |  description : Chronicles the various campaigns waged against breast cancer and its effects on women during the last century.
 id : 246618 ISBN : 0738202355  | name : Dr. Susan Love's Breast Book  |  description : The landscape of breast cancer has changed. New, non-invasive diagnostic techniques, new knowledge about prevention, new genetics, new treatments, new alternative and complementary resources are beginning to turn breast cancer into a chronic and perhaps preventable disease. Dr. Susan Love, whose earlier work has won the trust of women all over this country and abroad, has entirely revised her indispensable guide to reflect the very latest information. Readers of Dr. Susan Love's Breast Book will learn of the recent breakthroughs in genetic research, of Dr. Love's own work in developing a less invasive and highly accurate diagnostic technique, of the latest studies into preventive measures such as tamoxifen and dietary strategies, and of promising outcomes from new treatments for metastatic cancer. In the same warm, supportive, and often delightfully candid tone that has brought confidence to millions of women, Dr. Love helps each reader plan her own path through diagnosis, treatment options, and the changing world of HMO's and insurance. She also offers sound advice about combining alternative self-care with topnotch medical help.
 id : 246619 ISBN : 1555612628  | name : Prostate & Cancer Revised  |  description : This best-selling guide to prostate cancer provides the most up-to-date information on diagnosis and treatment.
 id : 246620 ISBN : 0375753192  | name : Prostate Cancer  |  description : Prostate cancer is the most common form of cancer (excluding skin cancer) among American men. In 1998 approximately 184,500 new cases of prostate cancer were diagnosed in the United States. However, if detected early, it is also among the most treatable forms of cancer, and due to advances in diagnosis and treatment, survival rates continue to rise. The five-year survival rate has increased from 50 percent in the period from 1960 to 1963 to 89 percent today. But most men--and their families--lack the most basic information about what to do when confronted with a diagnosis of prostate cancer. This book, written by internationally respected medical experts, sets out to explain everything a man needs to know. Written, updated, and revised under the auspices of the American Cancer Society, the nation's leader in cancer research, education, and rehabilitation, it contains the most up-to-date information about the disease. Even more, it is a patient's advocacy book, offering medical, practical, psychological, social, and emotional support. Through case histories and anecdotes--and always with compassion--it addresses the full range of issues that men with the disease may face.
 id : 246621 ISBN : 0679778144  | name : Women and Cancer  |  description : From America's leading cancer authority comes a patient's advocacy book for women with breast cancer, cervical cancer, endometrial cancer, and ovarian cancer--and their families--that offers medical ex-pertise, practical advice, and emotional support. Breast, cervical, endometrial, and ovarian cancers are the four most common cancers among women, with over 254,000 newly diagnosed cases in 1998. Recognizing that the survival rate is significantly higher when these diseases are detected early and treated appropriately, the American Cancer Society, the nation's leader in cancer research, education, and rehabilitation, and Dr. Carolyn D. Runowicz, Dr. Jeanne A. Petrek, and Dr. Ted S. Gansler, three of America's preeminent experts on breast, cervical, endo-metrial, and ovarian cancer and cancer education, have come together to write the most comprehensive resource for patients and their families to turn to. This book contains the most up-to-date information about these related diseases, from step-by-step advice about what to do when confronted with a diagnosis of one of these cancers to the latest medical facts, treatments, and procedures. Women and Cancer provides patients with the latest information about the risks and benefits of new drug therapies, radiation, and surgical procedures. But, most important, this book approaches the topic from the patient's perspective, providing psychological and emotional support throughout. Comprehensive and compassionate, with patient stories and anecdotes women will relate to and feel comfortable with, Women and Cancer addresses the full range of issues that women cancer patients and their families may face.
 id : 246626 ISBN : 075700038X  | name : Joe Franklin's Great Entertainment Trivia  |  description : Created by Joe Franklin--one of show business's enduring personalities--this book is guaranteed to provide hours of pure enjoyment for anyone who loves to be quizzed about movies, television, radio, or music.
 id : 246628 ISBN : 039557420X  | name : Return of the Rishi  |  description : With his earlier books, Quantum Healing, Perfect Health and Creating Health, Dr Chopra developed a blend of Eastern and Western medical philosophy with the intention of creating a cleaner, richer view of the road to perfect health - a balance of mind, body and spirit. He now continues his prescription as he describes his journey from India to the West and from a formal practice as a board-certified endocrinologist to a wider view of the primacy of the mind and spirit.
 id : 246630 ISBN : 0520223128  | name : Sappho  |  description : These hundred poems and fragments constitute virtually all of Sappho that survives and effectively bring to life the woman whom the Greeks consider to be their greatest lyric poet. Mary Barnard's translations are lean, incisive, direct--the best ever published. She has rendered the beloved poet's verses, long the bane of translators, more authentically than anyone else in English.
 id : 246636 ISBN : 3423251891  | name : Komisch, du siehst gar nicht aus wie eine Großmutter  |  description : Die amerikanische Autorin - selbst 8fache Oma - erzählt humorvoll und ernsthaft viele kurze Geschichten über die moderne Grossmutter.
 id : 246639 ISBN : 0070478937  | name : How to Make Money in Stocks  |  description : This bestseller has shown over one million investors the secrets to building stock market wealth.
 id : 246640 ISBN : 0060223278  | name : Best Friends for Frances  |  description : The irrepressible Frances teaches Albert, the badger next door, about friendship.
 id : 246642 ISBN : 221101285X  | name : Dieu, tu es là ? c'est moi, Margaret  |  description : 3Je viens de dire à ma mère que je voulais un soutien-gorge. S'il te plaît, aide-moi à grossir, mon Dieu. Tu sais d'où. Oh, s'il te plaît, mon Dieu, je veux seulement être normale... " Il semble qu'il n'y ait tout simplement personne à qui Margaret puisse parler - parler vraiment des problèmes de son âge - des garçons de l'école et des parents. Aussi Margaret confie-t-elle ses ennuis à Dieu, en espérant qu'Il pourra l'aider à trouver les solutions.
 id : 246645 ISBN : 2253096326  | name : Les filles du feu ; Petits châteaux de Bohême ; Promenades et souvenirs  |  description : " Même en dehors de Sylvie, il y a chez Nerval une infusion omniprésente du souvenir, une chanson du temps passé qui s'envole et qui se dévide à partir des rappels même les plus ténus de naguère comme de jadis, et que je ne vois à aucun autre écrivain. Ce n'est pas une résurrection quasi hallucinatoire du passé, comme il arrive aux meilleurs moments de Proust, tout proches parfois de l'illusion de la fausse reconnaissance, c'est plutôt, évoqué dans sa prose par quelque sortilège, le contact d'aveugle qu'on éprouve en retrouvant la maison et le jardin de son enfance. Comme si ce monde révolu était le seul endroit où, instinctivement, infailliblement Nerval se retrouve, et nous en convainc immédiatement. " Julien Gracq. Un tel monde révolu est ce qui définit au plus près les œuvres ici réunies où se retrouve à la fois le " rêveur en prose " et le poète des Odelettes et des Chimères. Les Petits Châteaux recomposent les âges de Nerval; les Promenades et Souvenirs ne séparent pas le passé des lieux que l'écrivain traversa. Quant aux Filles du Feu, c'est sous le titre d'Amours perdues qu'il songea un moment à les publier. Comme souvent chez Nerval, ces différentes œuvres ne cessent pas ainsi d'être une quête.
 id : 246646 ISBN : 0618065644  | name : Margret & H.A. Rey's Curious George Goes to a Costume Party  |  description : George and the man with the yellow hat arrive at a Halloween party--but they aren’t wearing costumes. No matter--there are plenty in an old trunk upstairs, and soon George is trying on all kinds of outfits. But when he wants to look in the mirror, George finds he has to jump on the bed. Downstairs, the partygoers begin to hear noises. Then the lights go out and they hear a crash! Uh-oh. Did someone say the word ghost?
 id : 246647 ISBN : 0395181569  | name : The Little House  |  description : A country house is unhappy when the city, with all its buildings and traffic, grows up around her.
 id : 246648 ISBN : 2013219466  | name : Les derniers jours de Pompéi  |  description : 24 août 79 avant Jésus-Christ. Une petite ville romaine vit, sans le savoir, ses dernières heures. A quelques centaines de mètres de là, le Vésuve est en train de se réveiller... Un fabuleux classique de la littérature, qui ressuscite la brillante civilisation pompéienne disparue dans l'éruption du volcan.
 id : 246649 ISBN : 2912517060  | name : L'Invitation à la vie conjugale  |  description : Analyse : Roman familial.
 id : 246650 ISBN : 0761511288  | name : Raising Self-Reliant Children in a Self-Indulgent World  |  description : No parent or educator can afford to ignore this groundbreaking work! Bestselling authors H. Stephen Glenn and Jane Nelsen have helped hundreds of thousands of parents raise capable, independent children with Raising Self-Reliant Children in a Self-Indulgent World. On its tenth anniversary, this parenting classic returns with fresh, up-to-date information to offer you inspiring and workable ideas for developing a trusting relationship with children, as well as the skills to implement the necessary discipline to help your child become a responsible adult. Those who think in terms of leniency versus strictness will be surprised. This book goes beyond these issues to teach children to be responsible and self-reliant—not through outer-directed concerns, such as fear and intimidation, but through inner-directed behavior, such as feeling accountable for one's commitments. Inside, you'll discover how to instill character-building values and traits in your child that last a lifetime. "During these turbulent days when families are in disarray and children are getting the short end of the stick, this book can be very helpful to parents who are struggling to bring up self-reliant children. Even after raising five of my own and becoming a grandfather for the seventh time, I got some new ideas out of it!"—Art Linkletter "An inspiring, workable formula for developing closeness, trust, dignity, and respect . . . a real gem."—Becky Ridgeway, School Social Worker
 id : 246651 ISBN : 2742707123  | name : Les yeux bandés  |  description : " Pour moi, Klaus demeurait un jeune homme, en dépit du fait que les gens qui me connaissaient sous ce nom ne me prenaient jamais pour un garçon. Le fossé entre ce que j'étais bien obligée d'admettre devant les autres - à savoir : que j'étais une femme - et mes rêves intérieurs ne me dérangeait pas. En devenant Klaus la nuit, j'avais effectivement brouillé mon genre. Le costume, mon crâne tondu et mon visage nu modifiaient la perception que les gens avaient de moi, et à travers leurs yeux je changeais de personnalité. Jusqu'à ma façon de parler changeait quand j'étais Klaus. " Entre ombre et lumière, entre nuit et jour, dans la ville superlative, New York - elle-même personnage à part entière de ces récits -, Iris Vegan la narratrice, fait l'expérience d'étranges rencontres et de singulières transformations de sa propre identité. Polyptyque à quatre volets, les Yeux bandés a marqué, lors de sa publication en 1993, l'entrée en littérature d'un talent subtil et incontestable, celui de Siri Hustvedt.
 id : 246655 ISBN : 0688095836  | name : Kelsey's Raven  |  description : As Kelsey Martine's secure world begins to crumble--her single mother falls in love and she loses her best friend--she finds comfort in her relationship with a raven. By the author of Seal Child.
 id : 246656 ISBN : 0412320304  | name : Essential Statistics  |  description : An introductory text book for students taking statistics as a subsidiary to one of the sciences. The emphasis is on the concepts and assumptions underlying the various statistical methods used to analyze data gathered in surveys and experiments.
 id : 246658 ISBN : 0671570498  | name : GOLF: IT'S JUST A GAME  |  description : This book contains some of the funniest comments ever made about golf, as well as some wonderfully clever golf cartoons. There's a smile on every page. A Gift of Laughter for Every Golfer This book contains the funniest comments ever made about golf by Lee Trevino, Arnold Palmer, Harvey Penick, Bob Hope, Buddy Hackett, Lewis Grizzard, Gerald Ford, and others. You'll also find clever cartoons by David Harbaugh, Bob Zahn, Lo Linkert, Joe Kohl, and others. There's a smile on every page.
 id : 246659 ISBN : 0810991640  | name : Feeling Freakish?  |  description : Describes the changes that occur during puberty and encourages young people to be less self-critical and to accept, be patient with, and care for their changing bodies.
 id : 246660 ISBN : 0425163075  | name : Looking for the Other Side  |  description : A skeptic explores the supernatural world..."Looking for the Other Side can help you open your mind and find the truth about your life". -- Bernie Siegel, M.D."Ever been to a psychic? Ever been channeled? Had your chart read? In this spiritual walkabout, journalist Sherry Cohen puts her are-you-kidding comeback on hold to search for her mom who died last year. What happens is an astounding, intimate adventure where doubt gives way to a sense of possibility...Loved this book". -- Liz Smith
 id : 246664 ISBN : 0822505355  | name : Picture Perfect  |  description : A gap in his memory the afternoon that his best friend disappears in a redwood forest has a fifteen-year-old photographer wondering about his own role in the mystery, and who he can turn to for help.
 id : 246665 ISBN : 0764154656  | name : Witchcraft  |  description : Spanning the centuries, this history explains how Wicca, the religion of witchcraft, came into existence, and points out how modern witchcraft has evolved into a benevolent religion, a spiritual expression of feminism, and a practice that encourages reverence toward nature. Full color.
 id : 246666 ISBN : 0152047743  | name : The Afterlife  |  description : A senior at East Fresno High School lives on as a ghost after his brutal murder in the restroom of a club where he had gone to dance.
 id : 246667 ISBN : 078682476X  | name : Money Hungry  |  description : Thirteen-year-old Raspberry Hill has memories of being homeless and poor that haunt her. But even money can't answer the question: will she and her mother ever move out of the projects? Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 246668 ISBN : 0385729499  | name : How Angel Peterson Got His Name  |  description : Author Gary Paulsen relates tales from his youth in a small town in northwestern Minnesota in the late 1940s and early 1950s, such as skiing behind a souped-up car and imitating daredevil Evel Knievel.
 id : 246670 ISBN : 1565102401  | name : Witches  |  description : A discussion of the real nature of witches.
 id : 246671 ISBN : 078680601X  | name : Begging for Change  |  description : H "Flake's strength . . . lies in developing genuine, believable adults and children."-BCCB (starred review) H "Flake's charged, infectious dialogue will sweep readers through the first-person story."-Booklist (starred review) Fourteen-year-old Raspberry Hill is still struggling to find security in her life. More than anything, she wants a father who will love and protect her, like Zora's dad. When her mother is attacked, Raspberry does the unthinkable: she steals money from Zora, her best friend. It's only when her thieving, drug-addicted father returns that Raspberry begins to wonder whether betraying Zora will cost her more than she can ever repay. Is Raspberry destined to follow in her father's footsteps? Raspberry is certain…something's got to change.
 id : 246672 ISBN : 0689854455  | name : Iqbal  |  description : A fictionalized account of a Pakastani child who escaped from bondage in a carpet factory and went on to help liberate other children like him until his tragic death at the age of thirteen.
 id : 246673 ISBN : 0895779781  | name : Are You Old Enough to Read this Book?  |  description : Addressing everything from the aging process and marriage in mid-life (new or continuing) to work, retirement, and the search for new adventures, this collection of essays and interviews features contributions by Arthur Miller, Susan Cheever, Carl Sagan, John Updike, Larry King, Dr. Ruth Westheimer, and many others. 50 color photos & illustrations.
 id : 246676 ISBN : 0805061525  | name : The Lost Day  |  description : Nineteen-year-old Vinny, one of a group of young people eking out a drab and unpromising existence in Melbourne, Australia, alarms his friends when he disappears from a nightclub.
 id : 246677 ISBN : 0590474847  | name : The Mystery of the Missing Dog  |  description : The invisible boy Chip intends to enter his invisible dog Max in the dog show, but when Max goes missing, Chip and his Invisible Inc. friends suspect foul play.
 id : 246679 ISBN : 1579542751  | name : How to Bury a Goldfish  |  description : "How to Bury a Goldfish" instills meaning in the passages of everyday life. It melds many of the world's oldest traditions with contemporary celebrations, allowing people to honor life's events in tangible ways. Not a book of complex rituals with several elements, this is a collection of simple celebrations for anyone in the family. 7 illustrations.
 id : 246680 ISBN : 0844239003  | name : Teach Yourself Singing  |  description : The course guides you through everything you need to know to sing at your best, such as how to control your breathing and how to ensure you are relaxed. But most importantly, you'll be singing all the time, practicing a wide variety of songs.
 id : 246681 ISBN : 0689807511  | name : The Wild Kid  |  description : "Can I go home now?" After his bike gets stolen, twelve-year-old Sammy gets lost in the woods near his home. He stumbles upon the makeshift hideaway of the "wild kid" named Kevin, who has run away from reform school. Will this strongly independent tough let Sammy get home to his family? Can they both survive in the unforgiving wilderness?
 id : 246682 ISBN : 0062510193  | name : The Hurry-up Song  |  description : Chase recounts his unique relationship with his brother Ken, who died of AIDS at the age of thirty-seven.
 id : 246683 ISBN : 0922729379  | name : Violet Flame to Heal Body, Mind & Soul  |  description : This pocket guide describes how to use a high-frequency, spiritual energy to increase vitality, overcome blocks to healing, dissolve records of trauma and create positive change in our personal lives and for the planet. Learn how the violet flame can be used to increase vitality and to assist any healing process of the body, mind, emotions or spirit. Includes inspiring true stories, nine easy steps to begin using the violet flame with affirmations, mantras, and visualizations.
 id : 246685 ISBN : 0812530268  | name : Columbo: The Helter Skelter Murders  |  description : The wife of a wealthy Los Angeles businessman is found murdered in her bed with her lover, with the words Helter Skelter painted in blood on the walls. Columbo, America's favorite TV detective, must ask himself whether the horror of the Manson himself is ordering a fresh new round of atrocities from his San Quentin prison cell? To solve this case Columbo will have to face evil incarnate: the madman known simply as "Charlie."
 id : 246687 ISBN : 1561705713  | name : Constant Craving A-Z  |  description : Interpret and resolve cravings for chocolate, potato chips, cheeseburgers, bread, french fries, ice cream, and many other foods with Dr. Virtue's unique internal approach that reveals how to successfully reduce the appetite.
 id : 246689 ISBN : 0316115517  | name : Arthur Makes the Team  |  description : Arthur worries that he won't be able to play little league baseball as well as all his friends and faces lots of teasing until someone discovers teamwork.
 id : 246690 ISBN : 0823049043  | name : Spirit of the Living Room  |  description : Beautifully designed and stunningly illustrated, Spirit of the Kitchen and Spirit of the Living Room are books about transformation, inspiring readers to look at the home in a new light -- as a safe, sacred space that provides a sanctuary that can heal the body, calm the mind, and soothe the soul. Top author Jane Alexander offers a tempting glimpse into the kind of lifestyle we all crave -- comfortable, relaxed, stylish, safe, and serene.Filled with creative, inspirational images, these books offer a wealth of simple, practical advice on transforming the home. Readers will discover techniques for bringing out the potential of a room; how to make use of color, sound, scent, and light; creative ideas for clearing clutter; simple rituals and blessings for the room; and tips for adding such finishing touches as flowers, decorative items, utensils, towels, soaps, and images. With their emphasis on the soulful as well as the sublime, these will be the kind of books aspiring and veteran home decorators can't afford to be without.The living room is the focus of domestic life. Be it for rest and relaxation, company and conversation, or vibrant social events, this is a room that should reflect the personalities of those who create and enjoy it. Jane Alexander shows how the spirit of the living room can offer a variety of atmospheres and settings to suit a family's different moods and personalities. Spirit of the Living Room offers an ulimited array of ideas for transforming the everyday living room into a magical haven for relaxing as well as entertaining.
 id : 246691 ISBN : 0823049051  | name : Spirit of the Kitchen  |  description : Beautifully designed and stunningly illustrated, Spirit of the Kitchen and Spirit of the Living Room are books about transformation, inspiring readers to look at the home in a new light -- as a safe, sacred space that provides a sanctuary that can heal the body, calm the mind, and soothe the soul. Top author Jane Alexander offers a tempting glimpse into the kind of lifestyle we all crave -- comfortable, relaxed, stylish, safe, and serene.Filled with creative, inspirational images, these books offer a wealth of simple, practical advice on transforming the home. Readers will discover techniques for bringing out the potential of a room; how to make use of color, sound, scent, and light; creative ideas for clearing clutter; simple rituals and blessings for the room; and tips for adding such finishing touches as flowers, decorative items, utensils, towels, soaps, and images. With their emphasis on the soulful as well as the sublime, these will be the kind of books aspiring and veteran home decorators can't afford to be without.This is not a kitchen interior design book. It is about what a kitchen is -- or should be: the heart of the home. Traditionally, the kitchen was a place of nurturing and sustenance, the hearth of the home and family. Considering the history and mythology behind the kitchen, and using color, light, and simple blessings, this beautifully illustrated, full-color book shows how to put the heart and soul back into the home. Readers will discover dozens of creative ideas for using natural light, experimenting with color, adding comfort as well as function, and much more.
 id : 246692 ISBN : 157673918X  | name : Stories for the Teacher's Heart  |  description : Teachers have a special place in our lives shared by no one else! In recognition of these remarkable individuals' kindness and wisdom, Alice Gray -- compiler of the nation's #1-selling Christian stories series, Stories for the Heart -- has selected all of the most poignant stories honoring teachers and encouraging school-age children and parents. Lovingly illustrated by Susan Winget, this heartwarming gift collection will evoke laughter and tender memories, providing a deep appreciation for every teacher's vital influence.
 id : 246693 ISBN : 0142301345  | name : Hamster Chase  |  description : When Peter takes the class hamster out of his cage, the hamster escapes. Peter and his friends search the classroom, but every time they come close, Mikey the hamster runs away again! How will Peter and his friends ever get Mikey back into his cage?
 id : 246694 ISBN : 0373107471  | name : Naked Flame  |  description : A Naked Flame by Charlotte Lamb released on Oct 25, 1984 is available now for purchase.
 id : 246696 ISBN : 0553349082  | name : Rabbit's Birthday Kite  |  description : After receiving a birthday kite from Hedgehog, impatient Rabbit learns that kiteflying requires a few lessons.
 id : 246698 ISBN : 0590250825  | name : Revenge  |  description : When the students at Salem University are terrorized by a vengeful stalker, Addie Adair, a co-ed who is working on an English paper at the computer lab, fears that she will be the next victim when she discovers a strange disk. Original.
 id : 246699 ISBN : 0373111347  | name : Savage Hunger  |  description : Savage Hunger by Sara Wood released on Oct 25, 1988 is available now for purchase.
 id : 246700 ISBN : 0679760334  | name : Original Sin  |  description : As Commander Adam Dalgliesh and his team probe the bizarre death of publishing magnate Gerard Etienne, a ruthless man with many enemies, they uncover a complex web of dark secrets and revenge and a desperate killer prepared to strike again. (Mystery).
 id : 246702 ISBN : 1565124405  | name : In the Land of Second Chances  |  description : Calvin Millet struggles to cope with a series of disasters--his wife leaves him, his daughter is terminally ill, his store faces bankruptcy, and his house is destroyed by a tornado--but the arrival of a mysterious stranger, traveling salesman Vernon L. Moore, who arrives in town to sell games of chance to the store and possesses an uncanny talent for asking life-altering questions, helps Calvin and the other inhabitants of Ebb, Nebraska, rediscover hope and second chances. A first novel.
 id : 246703 ISBN : 0385336942  | name : The Cloud Atlas  |  description : In a richly inspired debut reminiscent of "Snow Falling on Cedars" and "The English Patient," this stirring novel, set against a magnificent Alaskan backdrop, reveals one of the most closely guarded secrets of World War II in a tale that is both a heart-quickening mystery and a unique love story.
 id : 246704 ISBN : 1587360861  | name : Mountain Ice  |  description : MOUNTAIN ICE...mountain murder! The Deans are troubled when Edith Shipton and her mute son, escaping Edith's abusive husband, register at their Ouray bed and breakfast. That's only the beginning! An ex-boyfriend shows up, followed by Edith's husband. Fearful Edith begins to adopt the persona of the mysterious nineteenth century woman being researched by Dean's stepfather Fred O'Connor and two eccentric genealogists. Everyone is concerned except Edith's husband. He's too busy making moves on Dean's wife, Cynthia, until his climbing rope is cut and he plunges to the bottom of the town's famous Ice Climbing Park. David is convinced that one of Bird Song's guests severed the line. Each had a strong reason. Was it wife Edith or her ex-boyfriend? Maybe the guilty party is the insomniac author, or one of the genealogist sisters, or one of the climbers in town for the annual Ice Climbing Festival. But the police have made up their minds. They're convinced the culprit was David or Cynthia Dean!
 id : 246705 ISBN : 157071391X  | name : Vacations that Can Change Your Life  |  description : This ultimate vacation guide is the perfect source of inspiration, featuring over 200 life-changing destinations that go beyond routine vacations, including holistic, spiritual, healing, health-promoting, self improvement, and learning vacations.
 id : 246706 ISBN : 1890437522  | name : San Juan Solution  |  description : Ex-police detective David Dean, his new wife and stepfather have just opened Bird Song, a bed and breakfast in beautiful Ouray, Colorado. When their first guest turns up dead, and the second fears she may be next, the trio becomes unwittingly involved in a bizarre search for a reluctant heir while trying to remain a step ahead of their bevy of guests -- each with an entirely different agenda! Follow the Deans and inimitable Fred O'Conner as they sort through lawyers, Wall Street finance, the Internet, and the pristine forest and mountains of Western Colorado in search of the answers -- and a determined killer.
 id : 246708 ISBN : 0525934928  | name : Murder at 75 Birch  |  description : From the acclaimed author of Deadly Masquerade, the gripping true-crime tale of of killer dentist Glen Wolsieffer and the five-year struggle to bring him to justice. Highlighted by Wolsieffer's own exclusive and harrowing first-person account, this is brilliantly-reported true crime at its most compelling. 8 pages of photos.
 id : 246709 ISBN : 0882821547  | name : Smoldering Embers  |  description : Three women, formerly strangers, born in three different decades with little in common are bonded together forever by their ongoing pursuit of punishment for one of America's most ruthless serial rapist/murderers. They vow to be the voices for those who cannot speak: more than two hundred women brutally attacked and ten savagely beaten, raped and murdered. Smoldering Embers is not only a bone-chilling thriller, but a shattering indictment of the American Criminal Justice System and its treatment of the very victims it has sworn to protect. Ultimately, though, it is also the inspiring story of the power that crime victims can wield if they work together in pursuit of justice.
 id : 246710 ISBN : 0898865425  | name : One Man's Mountains  |  description : The first American edition of a mountaineering classic: stories, satire, and verse by the legendary Scottish climber.
 id : 246711 ISBN : 0843937246  | name : Knight's Cross  |  description : In the closing days of World War II, OSS Captain Dan Brooks is chosen by the Allies to damage the German war machine, and to take a dangerous assignment that no one else would dare--to kidnap Hitler. E.M. Nathanson is the author of the international bestseller The Dirty Dozen.
 id : 246713 ISBN : 0688074790  | name : How to Dance Forever  |  description : One of the country's most distinguished and critically acclaimed solo dancers and choreographers debunks the myth that dancers must retire from professional life as performers in their early forties. A performing artist since 1940, Daniel Nagrin initiated his own career as a solo performer in 1957 at the age of forty. With great wisdom and wit, this fiercely passionate veteran gives us an unusual and much-needed book that combines theory, personal philosophy, experience, and knowledge about dancers, dancing, teachers, mentors, and technique with practical information that ranges from nutrition, healers and treatments, sex, meditation, kneepads, and toe grips to the special problems and needs of dancers over fifty.
 id : 246715 ISBN : 0881847402  | name : Murder Update  |  description : Chronicles the facts behind famous murder cases, including solved and unsolved crimes, trials, and executions
 id : 246719 ISBN : 0449905896  | name : Earth Medicine--earth Food  |  description : Long before there was pharmacology as we know it, the North American Indians cured illness and maintained health by natural means, using the healing plants of the forest, desert, and seashore. Their discoveries continue to have impact on modern medicine: over 25 percent of all prescription drugs contain plant derivatives, and the mainstream medical establishment is acknowledging the effectiveness of herbal remedies in treating certain illnesses. Earth Medicine, Earth Food is an A-to-Z reference to the plant remedies and wild foods used by the Indians. Organized by condition -- from allergies to female complaints to wounds -- it explains which plants were used by different tribes to treat specific maladies, how they were prepared, and how to identify them in the wild. You'll learn that: -- The Catawba Indians treated back pain with a tea of arnica roots -- The Iroquois and Mohegans used the boneset weed for colds and fever -- The Blackfoot Indians applied a paste of scarlet mallow to burns as a cooling agent -- The Menominees cured insomnia with a tea steeped from the leaves of the partridge berry plant -- The Onondagas drank pennyroyal tea for headache Earth Medicine, Earth Food also discusses non-animal food sources consumed by the Indians such as nuts, seeds, berries, and ferns, and examines the relevance of traditional dietary patterns to the way we eat now. With over 160 detailed illustrations of plants as they are found in nature, Earth Medicine, Earth Food belongs on your shelf next to such works as Food and Healing Traditional Foods Are Your Best Medicine, and guides to Chinese medicine.
 id : 246721 ISBN : 088010127X  | name : Teaching as a Lively Art  |  description : The author, an experienced Waldorf teacher and eurythmist, radiates her enthusiasm and sense for beauty as she takes us through the various stages of development of the child. She shows us that "ripeness is all," that nothing can be taught to the child until it is ready to receive it or knowledge will sprout prematurely and wither early. This book will help us approach the child with sensitivity and insight.
 id : 246723 ISBN : 0062512919  | name : The Valkyries  |  description : Drawing on work in critical theory, feminism and social history, this book traces the lines of tension shot through Victorian culture by the fear that the social world was being reduced to a display window behind which people, their actions and their convictions were exhibited for the economic appetites of others. Affecting the most basic elements of Victorian life - the vagaries of desire, the rationalisation of social life, the gendering of subjectivity, the power of nostalgia, the fear of mortality, the cyclical routines of the household - the ambivalence generated by commodity culture organizes the thematic concerns of these novels and the society they represent. Taking the commodity as their point of departure, chapters on Thackeray, Gaskell, Dickens, Eliot, Trollope, and the Great Exhibition of 1851 suggest that Victorian novels provide us with graphic and enduring images of the power of commodities to affect the varied activities and beliefs of individual and social experience.
 id : 246725 ISBN : 1588512541  | name : The Great One's Little People  |  description : The Pierce family on a trip to Kauai decide to change their lifestyle. The menehunes (Hawaiian folklore little people) led by King Ola at age three hundred help the Pierce's as directed by the Great One. The Pierce adults capture the King and have poor intentions to use him for monetary purposes. The Pierce children along with their grandparents, other menehunes and native Hawaiians begin an adventure to rescue the King.
 id : 246726 ISBN : 0439296919  | name : Homeless Bird  |  description : This National Book Award-winning novel chronicles the story of a young Indian woman who dares to defy fate when she is forced into an arranged marriage.
 id : 246727 ISBN : 0974898368  | name : Cape Encounters  |  description : Gives voice to the many divergent--and equally passionate--points of view that surround ghosts. After a decade of research, the authors have produced a work of surprising substance and depth. Enter Cape Cod's historic, soulful homes--such as the nationally-renowned cover image of Wendell Minor--and discover a world in which the past is very much alive. Original.
 id : 246729 ISBN : 0393966453  | name : The Norton Anthology of American Literature  |  description : The best-selling survey of American literature from its beginnings to the present day is now brought to readers in an innovative revision. Here are the classic writers in the American tradition--from Wheatley and Franklin to Poe and Dickinson, to Cather, Hemingway, and Ellison. Fifteen major works are included in their entirety, among them Nature, Song of Myself, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, Daisy Miller: A Study, Long Day's Journey into Night, A Streetcar Named Desire, and "Howl." Here too are contemporary and newly recovered writers and traditions--from Native American Trickster tales to modernists Carlos Bulosan and Claude McKay, to contemporary authors Toni Morrison, Billy Collins, and Sandra Cisneros. Helpful introductions, headnotes, bibliographies, maps, and timelines accompany the texts.
 id : 246731 ISBN : 0439267684  | name : The Secret of Platform 13  |  description : Odge Gribble, a young hag, joins an old wizard, a gentle fey, and a giant ogre on a journey from their magical island kingdom to London through a tunnel which opens every nine years for nine days, to try and rescue the young prince who had been stolen as an infant nine years before.
 id : 246733 ISBN : 0684854813  | name : Acting Out  |  description : From the bestselling author of Good Hair and The Itch comes a novel about a modern woman living in—and acting out—her role as an upper-class African American suburban wife. Ina West is caught between the life she thought she was supposed to lead and the dreams she gave up long ago. Raised by loving but imperfect parents, Ina grew up a free spirit, getting a fine education and spending her twenty-something years as a photographer in Manhattan. But when family crisis and financial burdens came her way, Ina sought comfort in the arms of Jay Robinson, a hardworking businessman who occupied the safe, privileged world of the African-American upper middle class. As Jay’s wife, Ina has it all: the lavish home, the SUV, the soccer games...until one day Jay walks out of their marriage, leaving Ina with no one left to trust but herself. How she manages to raise three children, take up her old career, rekindle an old flame, and celebrate her newfound independence is what Acting Out is all about. By turns heartbreaking, uplifting, and wry, this novel will resonate for any woman who has struggled to find her path in life.
 id : 246734 ISBN : 0743448731  | name : Love Frustration  |  description : Have you ever been frustrated because you are in love with someone you can't have? Jayson Abrahms wants nothing more than to settle down. Thankfully, in less than a week he will marry Faith Sheppard, the love of his life. But there is one issue -- Jayson's best friend, Asha Mills. Not only is she gorgeous, but Asha and Jayson also used to be lovers. Concerned about Asha's intentions, Faith delivers an ultimatum, forcing Jayson to make the toughest decision of his life: Either Asha goes, or Faith will. Jayson cannot bring himself to end the friendship. When he lies to Faith and tells her Asha is out of the picture, he never expects Faith to learn his secret, but when she does, she decides to get even. Jayson, still believing that things are as they should be, plans to meet Faith at a hotel room for her surprise party. Instead, it is Jayson who receives a horrible shock. He soon learns that not just Faith has been harboring secrets; Asha turns out to be a very different woman from the one he fell in love with years ago. Sexy and real, Love Frustration candidly confronts what happens when people have what they don't want and love what they can't have.
 id : 246735 ISBN : 0758201796  | name : Casting the First Stone  |  description : C.1 COUNTY FUNDS. B & T. 11-30-2007. $6.99.
 id : 246736 ISBN : 0671758926  | name : Bird  |  description : Follows each stage of the transformation from egg to bird.
 id : 246739 ISBN : 0517026570  | name : Gardener's Guide  |  description : An illustrated reference guide to over 500 different garden plants, including information about light, location, height, color and flowering seasons and soil improvement.
 id : 246743 ISBN : 0449001709  | name : Miss Lockharte's Letters  |  description : A dying lady plans to have the last word on a certain gentleman. But the last laugh is on her in this delightful new romance by the author of The Christmas Carrolls, The Primrose Path and Snowdrops and Scandalbroth.
 id : 246744 ISBN : 0451194705  | name : Lord Monteith's Gift  |  description : A lovely woman disguises herself as a man in order to support her family, not that the wealthy Earl of Monteith would understand. He treats her with suspicion even as her desire for him grows. But the earl is above her station, and a match would be nothing short of scandalous. But when she rescues him from abduction, he offers her a gift of her choosing. But she dare not answer, for the only thing she desires is his heart.
 id : 246746 ISBN : 0471225169  | name : ServSafe? Essentials  |  description : With concern about foodborne illness increasing among consumers, it is more important than ever for restaurants and foodservice operations to be able to assure customers that the food they are eating is safe. This book teaches basic food safety concepts and prepares readers for the ServSafe® Food Protection Manager Certification Examination.
 id : 246747 ISBN : 0316702706  | name : Colette's Wedding Cakes  |  description : A popular culinary artist offers step-by-step instructions to create thirty of her most noted wedding cakes, including a stained-glass cake, a cloisonne bell cake, an art deco cake, and a patchwork-quilt cake
 id : 246748 ISBN : 0201710269  | name : Adobe InDesign 1.5  |  description : From setting up a document layout to preparing a document for high-resolution printing, you'll learn countless tips and techniques to help you quickly become an InDesign pro.
 id : 246749 ISBN : 0716718510  | name : Volcanoes  |  description : Describes the formation of the three major types of volcanoes, rift, subduction, and hot spot, and uses their development to explain the basic concepts of earth science
 id : 246750 ISBN : 0671656449  | name : The Ragged Astronauts  |  description : The population of Land, a technologically unsophisticated planet, must somehow escape to their twin world of Overland when their existence is threatened by the ptertha, a toxic life-form that has declared war on humanity
 id : 246751 ISBN : 039484484X  | name : The 500 Hats of Bartholomew Cubbins  |  description : Dr. Seuss's classic treatise on bullying—now with fully color-enhanced illustrations! As topical today as when it was first published in 1938, The 500 Hats of Bartholomew Cubbins is the story of a young boy (the same one featured in the Caldecott Honor Award-winner Bartholomew and the Oobleck) and his unjust treatment at the hands of a king. Written in unrhymed prose, The 500 Hats is one of Dr. Seuss's earliest works, and while it may not be as well-known as his other stories, the book addresses subjects that we know the good doctor was passionate about throughout his life: the abuse of power (as in Yertle the Turtle and Horton Hears a Who); rivalry (as in The Sneetches); and of course, zany good humor (as in The Cat in the Hat and all the other books he wrote and illustrated)!
 id : 246755 ISBN : 0385081049  | name : Nightfall  |  description : Twenty science fiction stories cover a diversity of subjects.--
 id : 246756 ISBN : 082481469X  | name : Hawaiian Insects and Their Kin  |  description : With over 200 vibrant color photographs, this book is a brilliant presentation of one of the most unique insect faunas anywhere on Earth.
 id : 246758 ISBN : 0060430443  | name : Politics and Government in California  |  description : Includes index.
 id : 246759 ISBN : 0027255107  | name : The Winter of the Birds  |  description : A young English boy with ambitions to be a hero learns about true heroism, affection, and the power of imagination when his neighborhood is threatened by multiplying flocks of steel birds.
 id : 246760 ISBN : 1840460784  | name : Introducing Chaos  |  description : Shows how chaos makes itself felt in all varieties of events and explores the relationship between chaos and complexity.
 id : 246765 ISBN : 0810908115  | name : Disneyland  |  description : Traces the development of Disneyland, and tells the story behind each ride and attraction at the theme park
 id : 246767 ISBN : 8434442418  | name : Movimientos juveniles en América Latina  |  description : Desde las primeras revueltas de la juventud chicana de California en los años cuarenta (los pachucos) a la explosión de nuevas formas de agregación en los ochenta (los punketas), pasando por la presencia de malandros venezolanos, jipitecas mexicanos, parlaches colombianos y meninos de rua brasileños. La última mitad del siglo ha sido testimonio de la emergencia social de la juventud, que a menudo se ha expresado en términos culturales. El volúmen recoge diversos estudios sobre los movimientos juveniles en América Latina.
 id : 246768 ISBN : 0312273053  | name : The Devil You Know  |  description : Rose Fiorello plans revenge against a realty rival, while Poppy Allen leaves high society in order to enter the rock-and-roll scene, and Daisy Markham finds a way to escape her life in a hated boarding school.
 id : 246773 ISBN : 1880000636  | name : Dia's Story Cloth  |  description : The story cloth made for the author by her aunt and uncle chronicles the life of the Hmong people in their native Laos and their eventful emigration to the United States.
 id : 246774 ISBN : 0746000693  | name : The Usborne First Book of the Recorder  |  description : -- Exciting introduction to instrumental skills and basic music theory -- Includes graded practice tunes
 id : 246776 ISBN : 2215061251  | name : Civilisations anciennes  |  description : "Cet ouvrage permet de découvrir les grandes civilisations qui ont marqué l'Histoire.
 id : 246777 ISBN : 221506157X  | name : L'univers  |  description : Un texte simple et précis qui permet à l'enfant de découvrir l'univers, sa formation, les planètes, le Soleil, la conquête de l'espace.
 id : 246778 ISBN : 2215060093  | name : La Nature  |  description : Est-ce que des lions peuvent manger des otaries ? Y a-t-il des régions où l'on peut voir plusieurs soleils ? Comment des volcans deviennent-ils des îles ? Quelle est cette mer où l'on flotte sans effort ? Est-il possible qu'une fleur vive 2 000 ans ? Existe-t-il des champignons phosphorescents ? Où se dresse un volcan haut de 25 kilomètres ? Est-ce que la mer Méditerranée va disparaître ? Toutes ces questions et bien d'autres sur les phénomènes de la nature trouveront leurs réponses dans cet ouvrage amplement illustré.
 id : 246780 ISBN : 0590255223  | name : Something Fishy at Macdonald Hall  |  description : Just as the Headmaster of Macdonald Hall is on the verge of retirement, a wave of practical jokes hits the school, and roommates Bruno and Boots become prime suspects.
 id : 246781 ISBN : 014130362X  | name : The Bell, the Book, and the Spellbinder  |  description : Johnny Dixon must save Fergie when he falls under the spell of an evil sorcerer.
 id : 246782 ISBN : 0394710010  | name : The World's Best Indoor Games  |  description : Describes the rules, strategies, and necessary equipment for three hundred games
 id : 246783 ISBN : 0894540017  | name : Aha! Aha! Insight  |  description : Contains puzzles that first baffle and then delight problem solving addicts. Grew out of a collaboration between Bob Tappay and Martin Gardner to enliven the learning of mathematics.
 id : 246784 ISBN : 0783554559  | name : What Life was Like Among Druids and High Kings  |  description : Provides a portrait of life in Celtic Ireland, from A.D. 400 to 1200, through an examination of legends, ancient texts, artifacts, art, and architecture of the time.
 id : 246786 ISBN : 0060633166  | name : Story of Christianity: Volume 2  |  description : Beginning with the Protestant Reformation of the sixteenth century, this second volume of The Story of Christianity continues narrative history to the present. Historian Justo Gonzalez brings to life the people, dramatic events, and shaping ideas of Protestantism, Catholicism, and Orthodoxy during this period, keynoting crucial theological developments while providing fresh understanding of the social, political, and economic forces that influenced the formation of the church. In particular, the author notes recurring themes of unrest, rebellion, and reformation. Gonzalez presents an illuminating record of the lives, impelling ideas, and achievements of such prominent figures as Martin Luther, Ulrich Zwingli, and John Calvin––movers and shapers in the emerging Protestant church. His biographical insights, in conjunction with vivid historical accounts, reveal how individual lives mirror and clarify core theological concerns and developments. The interpretive overview of The Story of Christianity includes a thorough and timely analysis of the growth and maturation of Christianity, including events in Europe, the United States, and Latin America––the latter an area too often neglected in church histories, yet increasingly vital to an understanding of Christianity's historical development, present situation, and future, options. Gonzalez's richly textured study discusses the changes and directions of the church in the traditions of Protestantism, Roman Catholicism, and Eastern Christianity. The Story of Christianity covers such recent occurrences as the World Council of Churches, the Second Vatican Council, the movement toward Christian unity, and much more. It concludes with a thoughtful look at the major issues and debates involving Christians today.
 id : 246789 ISBN : 087975821X  | name : The Q Letters  |  description : "Sir" John has been involved in the S&M, or sadomasochism, scene for over 20 years. And he has kept a record of his experiences in the form of hundreds of notes, letters, diaries, photographs, and even video tapes. This book is his story--it is a surprising history of the movement that demonstrates the tremendous variety of motives and relationships that exist within the "scene".
 id : 246790 ISBN : 0786701587  | name : The Mammoth Book of Erotica  |  description : This gathering of writings from well-known authors is a celebration of sensual love from classic times to the present day. Representing some of literature's brightest lights, this anthology aptly fulfills the many purposes of erotic writing. Included here are selections from Anais Nin, Anne Rice, Pat Califia, Alice Joanou, and many others.
 id : 246792 ISBN : 0471579491  | name : Fundamentals of General, Organic, and Biological Chemistry  |  description : User-friendly, this comprehensive and up-to-date edition is organized according to the principle that life in both health and disease has a molecular basis. Carefully worked example exercises, enhanced by ``Analysis'' and ``Check'' sections enable students to examine and think about a problem—not just answer it. Includes numerous environmental applications.
 id : 246793 ISBN : 0313290806  | name : Events that Changed America in the Twentieth Century  |  description : Designed for students, this unique resource offers detailed descriptions and expert analysis of the most important twentieth century events in America. Each of the events is discussed in a separate chapter. The book's unique format features an introductory essay that presents the facts, followed by an interpretive essay that places the event in a broader context and promotes student analysis.
 id : 246795 ISBN : 0805395121  | name : Technical Calculus with Analytic Geometry  |  description : This text has been a best seller in its field for over 15 years and now contains even more comprehensive coverage of calculus at the technical level. Covering the fundamentals of differential and integral calculus without an overwhelming amount of theory, Technical Calculus with Analytic Geometry, Third Edition emphasizes techniques and technically-oriented applications. New to this edition is an appendix containing 20 computer programs in BASIC, keyed to specific sections and problem sets in the text. Both U.S. customary units and metric units are now used in the book.
 id : 246798 ISBN : 1559342307  | name : Looking at Philosophy  |  description : A creative, humorous, illustrated guide to Western philosophy--for everyone who always wondered what those famous thinkers really thought. Palmer is the author of Does the Center Hold: Introduction to Western Philosophy. Illustrated with more than 350 cartoons.
 id : 246800 ISBN : 0822053314  | name : CliffsQuickReview Linear Algebra  |  description : CliffsQuickReview course guides cover the essentials of your toughest classes. Get a firm grip on core concepts and key material, and approach your exams with newfound confidence. CliffsQuickReview Linear Algebra demystifies the topic with straightforward explanations of the fundamentals. This comprehensive guide begins with a close look at vector algebra (including position vectors, the cross product, and the triangle inequality) and matrix algebra (including square matrices, matrix addition, and identity matrices). Once you have those subjects nailed down, you'll be ready to take on topics such as Linear systems, including Gaussian elimination and elementary row operations Real Euclidean vector spaces, including the nullspace of a matrix, projection into a subspace, and the Rank Plus Nullity Theorem The determinant, including definitions, methods, and Cramer’s Rule Linear transformations, including basis vectors, standard matrix, kernal and range, and composition Eigenvalues and Eigenvectors, including definitions and illustrations, Eigenspaces, and diagonalization CliffsQuickReview Linear Algebra acts as a supplement to your textbook and to classroom lectures. Use this reference in any way that fits your personal style for study and review — the information is clearly arranged and offered in manageable units. Here are just a few of the features you’ll find in this guide: A review of core concepts Clear diagrams and loads of formulas Easy to understand definitions and explanations Plenty of examples and detailed solutions With titles available for all the most popular high school and college courses, CliffsQuickReview guides are a comprehensive resource that can help you get the best possible grades.
 id : 246801 ISBN : 044032453X  | name : Fragments of Isabella  |  description : Decades after her experiences in Auschwitz, where several members of her family perished, a woman relates the passion for life that sustained her and the inner strength that enabled her to survive
 id : 246802 ISBN : 8420480509  | name : El desorden de tu nombre  |  description : Een gescheiden man gaat een liefdesverhouding aan met een getrouwde vrouw, die de echtgenote van zijn psychiater blijkt te zijn.
 id : 246804 ISBN : 8423978397  | name : La huella de unas palabras  |  description : No es frecuente para el lector tener la oportunidad de penetrar en las entrañas mismas de la creación literaria. Tampoco lo es encontrar una antología de textos de un escritor como Antonio Muñoz Molina de la forma en que está concebida esta obra: una visión de estremecedora sinceridad alejada del análisis académico. José Manuel Fajardo ha seleccionado los fragmentos de los libros de Muñoz Molina que reflejan los temas vitales que, de alguna manera, nos inquietan a todos, a la vez que nos ofrece la oportunidad de asistir a la conversación y a la correspondencia entre dos autores de la misma generación que se preocupan por el más puro significado de la literatura. Aquí nos encontramos con nuestros miedos y males, con nuestros héroes y maestros, con nuestros amores y deseos, con nuestras ciudades, con nuestras memorias. Este libro es, en forma y contenido, literatura, por y para la literatura.
 id : 246806 ISBN : 0007127901  | name : A Bag of Moonshine  |  description : A collection of short stories based on English and Welsh folklore.
 id : 246807 ISBN : 0425178064  | name : The African Quest  |  description : Toronto shopkeeper-turned-sleuth Lara McClintoch is in over her head when a high-stakes search for sunken treasure turns dangerous as the hunt for ancient artifacts becomes entangled with all-too-modern greed.
 id : 246808 ISBN : 0448411172  | name : Apollo 13  |  description : Illustrations and text highlight historical events from the Apollo 13 spacecraft accident and the movie.
 id : 246810 ISBN : 0806996552  | name : True Horror Stories  |  description : Presents accounts of ghostly appearances, terrifying fires, alien sightings and encounters, terrorist activities, ecological disasters, and other occurrences that strike fear in people's hearts.
 id : 246811 ISBN : 1565654986  | name : Even More Bone Chilling Tales of Fright  |  description : A collection of scary stories, including "Out of Body, Out of Mind" and "The Pocket Watch."
 id : 246815 ISBN : 187948367X  | name : Wisconsin with Kids  |  description : Whether it's tossing footballs at the Green Bay Packer Hall of Fame, zipping down the world's fastest water slide in Wisconsin Dells or catching crawfish at the edge of a lazy northern lake, this book has all the information you need to plan an enjoyable time in Wisconsin with kids. This is the ultimate guide for parents, uncles, aunts, and grandparents.
 id : 246816 ISBN : 0701803584  | name : The Great Barrier Reef  |  description : In this book with author's encompassing account of the extent, structure and ecology of the reef reveals a more enduring magic and beauty than that of the few inhabited reef islands. The author explains how the reefs were formed and how they live and grow. She describes the life mechanisms of the reef's invertebrate animals, the rich vegetation and the fish and bird life of the reef zone ...
 id : 246817 ISBN : 0340748648  | name : Frozen Summer  |  description : Forgetting is terrifying . . . Remembering might be worse
 id : 246818 ISBN : 0714117617  | name : Ancient Goddesses  |  description : Is the idea of goddess at the dawn of civilization a historical fact, or just consoling fiction? In this text, historians and archaeologists investigate the evidence for goddesses in ancient civilizations.
 id : 246819 ISBN : 157566903X  | name : Grace and Favor  |  description : Two sisters, Grace, a successful writer who lives alone in her Long Island beach house, and Favor, a housewife in London, meet for the very first time after their enigmatic father leaves his entire fortune to Grace, the daughter he abandoned.
 id : 246820 ISBN : 0595243355  | name : The Writer's Club  |  description : Here is a short story mystery collection about four women writers that form The Writer’s Club. Each writer faces mysterious happenings in her life. Taylor’s beloved bridal chest, a wedding gift from her husband suddenly has new names carved into it. A baby monitor warns Jenna, while working on assignment, that someone is following her. Jenna is working on an investigative report concerning a famous dating service that has a scandal brewing. Amy finds an old letter in a secret drawer of a writing desk she has refinished. This letter describes a relationship that spells disaster. Lily faces a masked intruder at the bookstore, the Wren’s Nest. While footsteps are heard upstairs in The Tomb, the temperature controlled room for old books. Lily will discover on her honeymoon that an inkwell passed down to her from her great grandmother was part of a legend.
 id : 246822 ISBN : 0451407350  | name : Memories of You  |  description : A beautiful army lieutenant goes down in a helicopter crash, and awakens to find herself back in time to the American Civil War. As she falls in love with a brooding but heroic Union officer, she cannot imagine that the power that pulled her from her own century may now separate them again.
 id : 246823 ISBN : 0836231236  | name : Grace  |  description : AMP's growing number of personality titles take a snapshot look at the lives of today's most popular entertainers, sports figures, and even a prince. Full-color photos throughout and a bio in each make them irresistible!
 id : 246824 ISBN : 0821746057  | name : A June Courtship  |  description : Six delightfully romantic regency short stories about love and marriage in the month of June. Featuring daring plots for the winning of hearts, unlikely partnerships which blaze into passionate fires, and intriguing choices between love and honor. Just in time for wedding season. A Zebra Holiday Regency.
 id : 246825 ISBN : 037575993X  | name : Carry Me Across the Water  |  description : Breathtaking in its suspense and beauty, Carry Me Across the Water is the story of a man’s turbulent journey, with his family, through the central years of the twentieth century. Young August Kleinman escapes from Nazi Germany to America, where his mother’s words—“Take the advice of no one”—fate him to a life of boldness and originality, from the poor streets of New York to the marble mansions of industrial Pittsburgh, from old world Hamburg to the jungle islands of the Pacific. Ultimately, near the end of a long and bountiful life, his resolution of a haunting encounter with a Japanese soldier during World War Two finally illuminates, at the deepest levels, the way authentic lives truly unfold. From the writer hailed as “the most mature and accomplished novelist of his generation” (Alan Cheuse, National Public Radio) comes this “exquisitely modulated short novel” (Los Angeles Times), which “eases its silky-smooth way into a reader’s consciousness even as it plumbs the depths” (Newsday).
 id : 246829 ISBN : 3785532237  | name : Der Ferienjob  |  description : Chrissy, die neue Babysitterin der Conklins, wirkt auf den ersten Blick charmant und liebenswert. Alle Familienmitglieder sind von ihr begeistert. Nur Amanda reagiert misstrauisch. Als sie hinter Chrissys wahre Absichten kommt, ist es fast schon zu spät.
 id : 246830 ISBN : 0880294183  | name : A History of [pi] (pi)  |  description : Documents the calculation, numerical value, and use of the ratio from 2000 B.C. to the modern computer age, detailing social conditions in eras when progress was made.
 id : 246831 ISBN : 0753456133  | name : I Wonder Why Spiders Spin Webs  |  description : From "What is a bug?" to "Why do glowworms glow?" this book has all the answers for young insect lovers.
 id : 246832 ISBN : 0471489212  | name : Spin Dynamics  |  description : NMR spectroscopy is one of the most important and widely used techniques for the identification of compounds. Based on an established course this core text offers a truly modern and updated approach. * Provides a comprehensive introduction to the subject * Includes a multi-disciplinary approach, concentrating on basic principles and concepts * Contains chapters of worked examples and problems to encourage a fuller understanding of topics * Offers a pedagogical approach, starting with quarks and nucleons, and moving on to cover NMR imaging, COSY (Correlated Spectroscopy) and NOESY (Nuclear Overhauser Effect Spectroscopy). As a core subject in many science disciplines, this text will appeal to a wide range of students, as well as practising scientists and technicians. Assuming only a basic knowledge of complex numbers and matrices, it carefully and lucidly aids readers to fully understand this challenging subject.
 id : 246834 ISBN : 0671768956  | name : Complete Chess Player  |  description : Generations of chess players have grown up on Fred Reinfeld's books. He has a way of reducing the most intricate, complicated combinations to their basic components. Absorb the material included in this volume and you will play chess at a fairly high level. Or read through it all and enjoy Fred's masterful explanations. In either case, you will be entranced by his enthusiasm for the intricate relationships the pieces experience in the context of a game.
 id : 246837 ISBN : 0440208823  | name : Now and at the Hour  |  description : Fifty-eight years old, Alph LeBlanc's work routine, family relations, and life are disrupted by illness, as he must learn to face the possibility of his own death
 id : 246838 ISBN : 052165615X  | name : Help! Level 1  |  description : High interest-low vocabulary books.
 id : 246839 ISBN : 0521795028  | name : The Amsterdam Connection Level 4  |  description : Reporter Kate Jensen travels to Amsterdam when a friend is found dead there. Her search for the murderer takes her to parts of the city that tourists never see, and to a man prepared to kill to hide the truth. Kate soon discovers that football can be a very dangerous game.
 id : 246850 ISBN : 8437606322  | name : Anna Karénina  |  description : La obra de Tolstoi reflejo toda una epoca de la vida de Rusia: para el "la novela tiene como finalidad la descripcion global de la vida humana"; y los sucesos que se desarrollan en Anna Karenina revelan una observacion atenta y directa de un ambiente del que el propio autor fue participe. Aunque desde su aparicion fue acogida como una reaccion contra el movimiento naturalista frances, sigue en esta obra los modelos del naturalismo hasta superarlos.
 id : 246853 ISBN : 3764501383  | name : Nomadentochter  |  description : Jahre nach ihrer Flucht besucht Waris Dirie ihre Familie in Somalia. - Die bewegende persönliche Auseinandersetzung einer Frau mit ihrem Leben zwischen zwei Kulturen.
 id : 246855 ISBN : 1562827898  | name : STORM SURGE  |  description : CIA spooks and spirits of the dead unite with a violent tropical storm to complicate the latest murder case of Quin St. James and Mike McCleary.
 id : 246856 ISBN : 8401328322  | name : Por los pelos  |  description : Thirtysomething best friends Tara and Katherine are losers at love until a mutual friend forces them to make a promise--Katherine must give up her monogamous relationship with her remote control, and Tara must abandon the boyfriend who treats her like dirt.
 id : 246859 ISBN : 8424130081  | name : Los Calusari  |  description : Viejas Constumbres... Primero, el hermano pequeño de Charlie es arrastrado hacia las vías de un tren por una fuerza invisible. Días después, su padre muere a causa de una extraña avería de la puerta del garaje. en ambas ocasiones, Charlie esta presente...observando. La abuela rumana de Charlie cree que el niño es el responsable de las muertes. Fiel creyente en las viejas costumbres, llama a los Calasuri para celebrar los rituales necesarios para purificar el alma del pequeño. Pero, ¿es Charlie un demonio? ¿O existe una fuerza, más oscura, más horripilante? Los agentes Murder y Schully deben averiguarlo...¡antes de que el niño sea objeto del sacrificio final!
 id : 246865 ISBN : 344215121X  | name : Hitlers Kinder  |  description : Om Hitlers program for Tysklands børn og unge: som tiårige ind i Jungvolk, som fjortenårige i Hitler-Jugend og til sidst ind i det nationalsocialistiske parti og værnemagten
 id : 246874 ISBN : 0140269967  | name : The Power to Harm  |  description : Examines the lawsuit brought against Prozac's manufacturer by the victims of a shooting spree
 id : 246877 ISBN : 077104450X  | name : Going Inside  |  description : "When the thaw comes, they resolve to press on into the Northwest Territories, north of the tree line and beyond the reach of medical help, to try to reach Baker Lake - although, assuming all goes well, Marypat will be heavily pregnant by the time they reach their destination ...".
 id : 246878 ISBN : 0789706032  | name : The Complete Idiot's Guide to Microsoft Network  |  description : An explanation of how to get into the Microsoft Network and use the resources it provides is accompanied by a computer disk with sample games and other programs for Windows 95
 id : 246880 ISBN : 1567616089  | name : The Complete Idiot's Guide to Getting the Job You Want  |  description : Advises job seekers about choosing career paths, creating effective resumes, using traditional and electronic resources to locate positions, and interviewing successfully
 id : 246881 ISBN : 2890510328  | name : Deux grands ducs dans la famille  |  description : Le chinook, ce vent venu des Rocheuses, a battu la Prairie. Dans les débris du nid du grand duc, Bébert et Bruno ont trouvé un survivant. Ils l'ont appelé Ghibou. Quelque temps après, un autre grand duc, baptisé Geignard, s'ajoute à la ménagerie des garçons. Ce roman raconte avec beaucoup d'humour les facéties des deux hiboux: Ghibou apprend à voler, l'attitude des volatiles face à Médor, Ghibou et la mouffette, le bain de Ghibou, etc. Ce texte écrit dans un style imagé renferme de belles descriptions et témoigne de la sensibilité de l'auteur face aux beautés de la nature. Tous les jeunes de 10-13 ans seront désireux d'avoir un Ghibou après la lecture de ce récit.
 id : 246883 ISBN : 3446200452  | name : Der Unsichtbare  |  description : Das Verschwinden des jungen Hilmer Eriksson bringt Kommissar Harald Fors bei seinen Ermittlungen auf eine Gruppe neonazistischer Jugendlicher, die schon öfter unangenehm aufgefallen sind. Hilmar hatte es gewagt, einen ausländischen Mitschüler in Schutz zu nehmen.
 id : 246885 ISBN : 3886807843  | name : Was mir wichtig war  |  description : Am 11. März 2002 ist Marion Dönhoff im Alter von 92 Jahren in Hamburg gestorben. Über ein halbes Jahrhundert war die Gräfin das moralische Rückgrat, die seelische Achse der Wochenzeitung "Die Zeit". Zwei ihrer Wegbegleiter und engsten Vertrauten, Haug von Kuenheim und Theo Sommer, haben in den letzten Monaten ihres Lebens zahlreiche Gespräche mit ihr geführt. Noch einmal sagte sie, was ihr im Leben wichtig war und was sie weitergeben wollte an die Nachwelt. Wie hielt sie es mit der Religion? Was dachte sie über die Monarchie als Staatsform, über die noch immer unvollendete Demokratie in Deutschland? Gab es für sie ewige, unverrückbare Wahrheiten? Welche Spielregeln braucht die Gesellschaft, welche Normen ein Gemeinwesen? Es waren lange Gespräche, unterbrochen von Pausen, die die Krankheit erzwang: ein öffentliches Testament. Es blieb unvollendet; der Tod vereitelte den Abschluss. Dieses nachgelassene Buch nimmt auch die wichtigsten Texte aus ihren letzten Lebensjahren auf: Reden, Dankesworte, Aufzeichnungen. Es eröffnet Einblick in die letzten Gedanken einer eindrucksvollen Frau. Haug von Kuenheim arbeitete über Jahrzehnte verantwortlich in der "Zeit", Theo Sommer war viele Jahre Chefredakteur und Mitherausgeber der "Zeit".
 id : 246887 ISBN : 1892213141  | name : Ice Blade  |  description : This powerfully drawn series follows icy cool homicide cop Ky as he goes up against the Kunashi Island Smuggling Operation. A modern-day James Bond, Ky constantly encounters mystery and adventure. This book has two intriguing tales of murdered and espionage. After Ky is responsible for a friend's suicide, he must track down her brother who is on a homicidal vendetta. Then, Ky is trapped on Kunashi Island when the Russian Mafia attack in search of nuclear weapons.
 id : 246888 ISBN : 3404614542  | name : Cäsar und Kleopatra  |  description : Es gibt kaum ein Liebespaar, das den Verlauf der Geschichte stärker beeinflußt hat als der römische Staatsmann Julius Cäsar und die ägyptische Pharaonin Kleopatra.Vor dem Hintergrund der politischen Ereignisse in Rom werden Cäsars Aufstieg zum Diktator, seine Feldzüge, seine Begegnung mit Kleopatra und seine Ermordung geschildert. Aber auch das Leben der ägyptische Königin fasziniert bis heute: Sie heiratete ihren Bruder, um an die Macht zu kommen, bekam zuerst von Cäsar, dann von Marcus Antonius Kinder, versuchte mit Hilfe dieser zwei Männer, ihren Traum von einem Weltreich, das Orient und Okzident vereinen sollte, zu verwirklichen und nahm sich zuletzt mit Schlangengift das Leben.Phillip Vandenberg webt in seinen packend erzählten Text immer wieder Zitate von Zeitgenossen ein. Es gelingt ihm dadurch, ein realistisches Bild von diesen zwei großen Persönlichkeiten entstehen zu lassen.
 id : 246896 ISBN : 0375901582  | name : Girl Coming in for a Landing  |  description : A collection of over 100 poems recounting the ups and downs of one adolescent girl's school year.
 id : 246897 ISBN : 000225669X  | name : One Thousand Chestnut Trees  |  description : The tumultuous history of Korea unfolds in this compelling story of a young woman's search for her family roots -- and her own sense of identity. In her journeys, she discovers a legacy left behind by the noble clan from which she is descended -- a temple erected by her great-grandfather in defiance of centuries of invasions against Korea, and the one thousand chestnut trees that shield it from view...
 id : 246899 ISBN : 0194216748  | name : The Year of Sharing  |  description : Part of a series of elementary readers which offers students the opportunity to extend their reading and appreciation of the English language, this reader at Stage 2 contains 700 headwords. It is a futuristic fantasy about humans and animals.
 id : 246900 ISBN : 0582530431  | name : Great British Ghosts  |  description : Tower of London - Borley - Scottish ghosts - Orchard End; Selected reading materials.
 id : 246901 ISBN : 0590502123  | name : No Bajes Al Sotano!/Stay out of the basement  |  description : Margaret and Casey Brewer become increasingly concerned when their father spends more and more time conducting experiments with plant life in the basement, and their horror is complete when their dad transforms into a strange plant-monster. Original.
 id : 246902 ISBN : 0595132189  | name : Moby Dick  |  description : Herman Meville tuvo su primera escuela en los camarotes de un barco; enrolado como grumete en un navio que hacia la travesia desde Estados Unidos a Inglaterra, en joven Huerfano Melville recoge en su memoria ideas y vivencia que se vaan reflejadas despues en sus novelas. Su vida se desenvolvio entre viajes en barcos balleneros, motines y deserciones; y, finalmente, se concentro en la produccion literaria, de la que obtuvo mas fracasos que exitos. Su gran obra, Moby Dick, tuvo esperar casi un siglo hasta ser reconocida como un verdadero clasico con una acogida digna de su gran calidad literaria. El capitan Achab, a bordo del pequod, solo tiene una ida: dar caza a un cachalote blanco al que ha llamado Moby dick. La novela es un cuadro apasionante de la vida marina, de su crueldad de sus alegrias y miserias. En ella desfilan personajes en permamente lucha con el mar, rudos marineros envueltos en el poder de las profecias y el destino. Asistimos a la batalla entre el enloquecido capitan y el fabuloso cetaceo sobrecogidos ante una fuerza que solo puede nacer en el Corazon humano.
 id : 246903 ISBN : 0671746502  | name : The Overnight  |  description : Nothing bad will happen.
 id : 246905 ISBN : 0691000980  | name : Murder at the Margin  |  description : Cinnamon Bay Plantation was the ideal Caribbean island getaway—or so it seemed. But for distinguished Harvard economist Henry Spearman it offered diversion of a decidedly different sort and one he’d hardly anticipated: murder. While the island police force is mired in an investigation that leads everywhere and nowhere, the diminutive, balding Spearman, who likes nothing better than to train his curiosity on human behavior, conducts an investigation of his own, one governed by rather different laws—those of economics. Theorizing and hypothesizing, Spearman sets himself on the killer’s trail as it twists from the postcard-perfect beaches and manicured lawns of a resort to the bustling old port of Charlotte Amalie to densely forested hiking trails with perilous drops to a barren offshore cay.
 id : 246906 ISBN : 0812583566  | name : King Solomon's Mines  |  description : Allan Quantermain and his companions struggle across the remote African continent in search of hidden gold
 id : 246907 ISBN : 0843128240  | name : The Complete Murphy's Law  |  description : Now, everyone's favorite Murphy's Laws have been collected in one handy reference guide. Whether readers are looking for a quotable quote for a speech, letter, toast or roast, they'll find this a perfect collection for those frustrasting moments when simply everything goes wrong.
 id : 246910 ISBN : 2266095536  | name : Le corps et le sang d'Eymerich  |  description : Le Sherlock Holmes de la Sainte Inquisition est de retour : cette fois son enquête conduit Eymerich en France en 1358, à Castres, où il va devoir combattre le règne de terreur des "masc", une secte aux rites impies et sanglants. Mais les conséquences de son intervention dans la cité, où la lutte pour le pouvoir fait rage entre les Montfort et les Armagnac, dépasseront de loin l'éradication d'une bande d'hérétiques. Car devant le grand inquisiteur se dresse le spectre de la Mort Rouge... En tête des listes de best-sellers en Italie, couronné en France par le Grand Prix de l'Imaginaire et le prix Tour Eiffel, Valerio Evangelisti nous offre avec "Le corps et le sang d'Eymerich" l'aventure à ce jour la plus cruelle de son personnage-culte. Des aveuglements de l'Inquisition au racisme du Klu Klux Klan, de la guerre d'Algérie à l'assassinat de Kennedy, d'effrayants parallèles historiques s'y dessinent.
 id : 246911 ISBN : 8432227706  | name : Fuera  |  description : Susanna Tamaro muestra con sobrecogedora emoción el lado más desasosegante de nuestra cotidianidad en estos relatos. Nabila, Salvación, Arik o Rossella son los protagonistas de estas páginas, pero en la vida real siempre son personajes secundarios, emigrantes procedentes de África, Filipinas o Cabo Verde que simbolizan la dificultad de comunicarnos y de vivir con la diversidad. «En nuestros itinerarios cotidianos encontramos muchos rostros. Rostros que pertenecen a mundos distintos y, con frecuencia, parecen incluso de distintas épocas. ¿Qué habrá detrás de esas miradas? La mayoría de las veces preferimos no hacernos preguntas. Dejarlos fuera. Fuera de nuestros pensamientos, fuera de nuestros sentimientos, y si es posible, fuera también de nuestro horizonte.»En un mundo trastornado por la cháchara mediática es difícil guardar silencio, es difícil escuchar y mirar, tratar de comprender quién soy yo, quién es el otro. Resulta más fácil aferrarnos a la primera opinión que se nos propone y llevarla puesta como se lleva una prenda de moda. Pero una opinión, más que un terreno sólido sobre el que confrontarse, es una ciénaga que tiende a uniformar la riqueza de la realidad en un limo grisáceo. ¿Y si debiéramos dejar “fuera” precisamente nuestras opiniones, nuestros prejuicios, nuestras barreras? ¿Y si el extranjero, en lugar de una amenaza, es una interrogación sobre nosotros mismos, sobre el sentido de nuestro estar en el mundo?» Susanna Tamaro
 id : 246916 ISBN : 1899344705  | name : The Hissing of the Silent Lonely Room  |  description : Detective Inspector Christy Kennedy investigates the death of American singer-songwriter Esther Bluewood. His investigation uncovers greed, jealousy and intrigue and leads him to the door of his estranged girlfriend.
 id : 246917 ISBN : 2080680692  | name : Les choses communes  |  description : Je me souviens que, chez mes parents, je ne pouvais pas dire de vilains mots, je ne pouvais pas rigoler sans raison. Je ne pouvais pas mettre les coudes sur la table, je ne pouvais pas écouter la musique que je voulais et aussi fort que je le voulais, je ne pouvais pas acheter de disques de musique moderne ou des magazines, je ne pouvais pas refuser de manger ce qu'il y avait dans mon assiette, je ne pouvais pas sortir le vendredi soir ou le samedi soir, je ne pouvais pas sortir le dimanche après-midi après l'église, je ne pouvais pas inviter des copains d'école à la maison, je ne pouvais pas avoir de vélomoteur, je ne pouvais pas laisser mes affaires traîner, je ne pouvais pas refuser de faire ce que mes parents me demandaient, je ne pouvais pas ne pas rentrer à la maison, je ne pouvais pas m'habiller comme je voulais, je ne pouvais pas rester en ville entre midi et 2 heures, je ne pouvais pas avoir de mauvaises remarques dans mon carnet scolaire, je ne pouvais pas avoir une mauvaise note de conduite en fin de semestre, je ne pouvais pas dire ce que je pensais, je ne pouvais pas faire ce que je voulais et quand je le voulais, je ne pouvais pas faire de bruit, je ne pouvais pas faire attendre mon père, je ne pouvais pas pleurer quand il me frappait, je ne pouvais pas lui répondre, je ne pouvais pas lui parler.
 id : 246918 ISBN : 2253050407  | name : Les enfants de minuit  |  description : Saga baroque et burlesque qui se déroule au cœur de l'Inde moderne, mais aussi pamphlet politique impitoyable, Les Enfants de minuit est le livre le plus réussi et le plus attachant de Salman Rushdie. Traduit en quinze langues , il a reçu en 1981 le Booker Prize.
 id : 246919 ISBN : 2253055972  | name : Azteca  |  description : Azteca raconte la légende colorée et puissante d'une civilisation qui s'épanouit pendant de longs siècles dans un isolement splendide. Ce monde éclatant, et pourtant condamné, c'est un homme, Mixtli, dit Nuage Sombre, qui le décrit, dans un récit bouleversant, mouvementé, riche de l a beauté et de la violence qui caractérisaient le Mexique ancien. Ce grand roman historique rempli de sang, d'amour et de sexe est aussi l'aventure et le destin exceptionnel d'un homme qui assiste à la disparition d'un monde fabuleux, somptueux de tabous et de trésors, traversé de secrets et de terreurs qui parcourent des personnages inoubliables.
 id : 246920 ISBN : 2253172367  | name : Le tango des assassins  |  description : Des bébés enlevés et revendus... Leurs parents torturés pour avoir osé penser contre le pouvoir en place... L'Argentine tout entière ne serait-elle qu'un vaste marché aux enfants de détenus ? Que sont devenus les fils et les filles de ces " folles de mai ", qui hurlent encore au cœur de Buenos Aires ? Sandra Kahn n'en a cure. Ce qu'elle veut, c'est retrouver Nina, sa compagne envoyée par l'Unesco pour enquêter sur ces rapts. Trois jours après son arrivée, Nina a disparu. Avalée par la pampa. Et les autorités semblent si désireuses de ne pas la voir réapparaître que Sandra, fidèle à son célèbre esprit de contradiction, prend le premier vol pour Buenos Aires et appelle Sam Goodman à son aide. Quand leur quête rejoint celle de milliers d'autres et qu'ils commencent à lever un coin du voile noir, ils ignorent encore que leur découverte fait écho aux pires tourments de l'Histoire... Avec la nouvelle aventure de Sandra Kahn, Maud Tabachnik brosse avec audace le tableau d'une Argentine sans limites et le portrait d'une héroïne à sa mesure...
 id : 246921 ISBN : 2264018194  | name : Le bouddha de banlieue  |  description : Britannique malgré lui puisqu'il naquit en 1954 à Londres d'un père pakistanais et d'une mère anglaise, Hanif Kureishi nous sert en fricassée toutes les couleuvres que les racistes lui firent avaler. Mais comme il a l'irrespect dans la peau, chacun en prend pour son grade : les " Pakis ", les petits et grands bourgeois, les snobs, les " gays ", le monde du show business où le héros tente désespérément de percer. On sait que, plus heureux que lui, l'auteur connut un succès international avec son premier film My Beautiful Laundrette. Et voici qu'il triomphe avec le roman de ses déboires, lauréat du Whitbread Prize, trônant en tête des listes de " best-sellers ". Par un juste retour des choses, dans " cette vieille petite île froide où il devait toujours épeler son nom " Kureishi est aujourd'hui sur toutes les lèvres.
 id : 246922 ISBN : 2264033282  | name : Le chat qui flairait l'embrouille  |  description : " Mais dans quel philtre trempent-elles leurs plumes ces mamies du crime qui nous viennent d'outre-Manche et d'outre-Atlantique ? De quels sortilèges usent-elles pour nous rendre aussi " accros " aux enquêtes de leurs héros ? Dans ce bataillon de choc, Lilian Jackson Braun tranche par l'originalité de ses personnages - le journaliste Jim Qwilleran et ses deux chats siamois - et le charme insidieux de ses intrigues. C'est gentiment pervers, jamais innocent. Le comble de l'understatement. Une jolie réussite. " Julien Nicolas, Terre des Lettres.
 id : 246923 ISBN : 2266047280  | name : Anibal  |  description : Roman - adoption - fratrie - jalousie - Pérou.
 id : 246925 ISBN : 2842611462  | name : Le cri des oiseaux fous  |  description : Dixième roman de Dany Laferrière, Le Cri des oiseaux fous est aussi l'ultime récit de sa vaste " autobiographie américaine ". Le narrateur apprend que les tontons macoutes ont tué son ami, que lui-même est sur la liste, que cette nuit sera sa dernière nuit en Haïti, celle du départ. Tout le récit coule des yeux et des pensées, des peurs et des méditations de ce jeune homme de vingt-trois ans confronté au crime et forcé à l'exil. Ses paroles sont parfois naïves, parfois lucides à l'extrême. Tendres aussi comme celles du petit garçon du Charme des après-midi sans fin. Enfin les silences du livre laissent place aux dieux vaudous, venus s'incarner dans la pénombre dangereuse d'un bordel de Port-au-Prince.
 id : 246927 ISBN : 2869304129  | name : La vérité sur Lorin Jones  |  description : Véritable chronique de mœurs, roman policier, comédie baroque, La Vérité sur Lorin Jones est un miroir tendu à toute une génération de femmes qui jonglent avec le féminisme, le militantisme, les grands principes et les grands sentiments. Michèle Gazier, Télérama Jamais Alison Lurie n'a mieux mis son talent au service de sa conviction intime : toute situation, examinée avec recul, contient un élément comique ravageur. Diane de Margerie, Le Figaro littéraire
 id : 246929 ISBN : 2702401694  | name : Le crime du golf  |  description : Une fois n'est pas coutume, cette enquête d'Hercule Poirot nous mène en France d'où M.Renauld - un monsieur qui semble avoir des moyens - a lancé un SOS impérieux au détective. Une limousine attendra Poirot et son ami Hastings à Calais... Mais à Calais, point de limousine : c'est que M. Renauld a été assassiné dans la nuit. On l'a trouvé lardé de coups de couteau dans le dos, au fond d'une tombe ouverte, creusée dans un terrain de golf... L'enquête ne sera pas facile : M. Renaultd était bine discret sur son passé en Amérique du Sud ; et bien mystérieuses sont les deux femmes qui, aux dires des domestiques, le rencontraient souvent le soir...Mais Poirot est là, furetant partout, à récolter le moindre indice...
 id : 246931 ISBN : 8807813858  | name : I mari del Sud  |  description : L'azione si svolge nella Barcellona pre-elettorale del 1979, fervida di nuove passioni politiche. Viene rinvenuto il cadavere dell'industriale Stuart Pedrell, dopo un'assenza di un anno in cui la vedova e i soci lo supponevano in viaggio nei mari del Sud. Unica pista, un verso di una poesia italiana: "più nessuno mi porterà nel sud". Che cos'è accaduto? Fra cene raffinatissime, amori lolitiani, cagnette e libri, Pepe Carvalho indaga, spiegando con il suo solito, tenero cinismo l'impossibilità dell'innocenza.
 id : 246932 ISBN : 0140182551  | name : The Old Wives' Tale  |  description : Victorian novel set in the pottery district of Staffordshire and France during the Siege of Paris.
 id : 246933 ISBN : 0385264356  | name : Alamut  |  description : This fantasy set in the days of the Crusades involves a hero who is half human and half immortal.
 id : 246935 ISBN : 3442054753  | name : Dunkle Kammern  |  description : In England, photographer Jinx Kingsley, a millionaire's daughter, is pulled from a bloody car wreck after her fiance, Leo, took off with her best friend, Meg. Suicide or a cover, wonders Superintendent Cheever. The same day saw the death of Leo and Meg in a manner resembling the death, some years earlier, of Jinx's husband, Russell, after his affair with Meg.
 id : 246938 ISBN : 0864425589  | name : Latin American Spanish Phrasebook  |  description : 300 key words and phrases to facilitate travelers' basic communication.
 id : 246939 ISBN : 0451179994  | name : The Book of Reuben  |  description : The fifth novel about Nodd's Ridge, Maine, chronicles the life of the popular Reuben Styles, who survives an abuse-filled childhood and seems to find the American dream, only to have it crumble away from him
 id : 246940 ISBN : 0299164942  | name : The Other Mother  |  description : On a spring day in 1993, Nancy Abrams helped her daughter dress for day care, packed her lunch, and said good-bye. Next she drove to court, where she learned that in the eyes of the law she was nothing more than “a biological stranger” to the child she helped bring into the world and raise. That was the last time she would see her daughter or hear her voice for five years. The Other Mother begins as Abrams and her female lover decide to start a family together. With giddy anticipation, they search for a sperm donor, shop for baby clothes and crib, and attend childbirth classes. But despite their high hopes, the relationship begins to fall apart, and they separate when their daughter is a toddler. Problems between the two intensify until, shortly before her daughter’s fifth birthday, Abrams loses custody. In unprecedented depth, Abrams’s compelling narrative examines the social, legal, and political implications of gay and lesbian parenting. Her haunting memoir asks the question, “What makes a mother?” It is a question that biological parents, co-parents, adoptive parents, step-parents, and divorced parents must each answer in their own way. In telling one woman’s story, The Other Mother makes a solid case for legal protections, including marriage, for lesbian and gay families.
 id : 246943 ISBN : 1841193887  | name : The Mammoth Book of Women who Kill  |  description : From the Florida roadside prostitute and first convicted serial killer Aileen Wuornos to the Empress poisoner of ancient Rome, this title collects some of the world's most dangerous women, including: Ruth Snyder, the last woman in the US to go to the electric chair; and Myra Hindley - Britain's most infamous murderess.
 id : 246948 ISBN : 0375706038  | name : A Box of Matches  |  description : Emmett has a wife and two children, a cat, and a duck, and he wants to know what life is about. Every day he gets up before dawn, makes a cup of coffee in the dark, lights a fire with one wooden match, and thinks. What Emmett thinks about is the subject of this wise and closely observed novel, which covers vast distances while moving no further than Emmett’s hearth and home. Nicholson Baker’s extraordinary ability to describe and celebrate life in all its rich ordinariness has never been so beautifully achieved.
 id : 246949 ISBN : 1585861553  | name : Slob  |  description : Stephen King hails Rex Miller as "terrifying and original." Slob is his debut novel, the story of a man who thinks of himself as Death. A man who likes to feast on human hearts, spilling blood wherever he goes. Jack Eichord is the detective who must hunt this human monster and genius killer. Years of working as a homicide detective for the Chicago Police department has hardened Eichord to things that would make most men turn and flee. But even he is not prepared for the labyrinthine search underground, as he trails the killer and his hostages through the sewer system of the city. Eichord thinks that he is beginning to understand the diabolical man and his patterns of violence...but can he guess the next victim in time, before it is too late for the woman he loves?
 id : 246951 ISBN : 0375727981  | name : Saving Faith  |  description : Faith Lockhart and private investigator Lee Adams are on the run after she becomes an FBI informant and is nearly killed while giving her statement.
 id : 246952 ISBN : 0385305389  | name : Close Quarters  |  description : Upper West Side attorney Nina Fischman investigates a murder on Fire Island after she falls for the chief suspect, even though he is from the Upper East Side
 id : 246953 ISBN : 0394543289  | name : Jian  |  description : A failed act of vengeance against his archenemy, Nichiren, thrusts Jake Maroc, the half-American, half-Chinese top American agent for the top secret Quarry, into the vortex of forces from America, China, Japan, and Russia
 id : 246954 ISBN : 039915177X  | name : Lost City  |  description : McNaughton Books July 04.
 id : 246955 ISBN : 0441005470  | name : Mockingbird  |  description : In her legacy, a witch in Texas leaves her daughters a voodoo cocktail. On drinking it, the girls are invaded by the same spirits which possessed their mother. The youngest fights back.
 id : 246957 ISBN : 0871312549  | name : Seizure  |  description : Chronicles the events following upon a young woman's affliction by a brain tumor and an abortive operation by a brilliant, adventurous neurosurgeon which resulted in a grueling life-and-death struggle
 id : 246958 ISBN : 0385422598  | name : Sleepwalking Through History  |  description : Analyzes U.S. history during the Reagan era. Details the downward spiral of the country's optimism for the future.
 id : 246959 ISBN : 0449130282  | name : The Marvelous Boy  |  description : Lady Chatterton, widow of an eminent judge, hires Cliff Hardy to locate her missing grandson, but the only man who has proof of the boy's existence is found murdered
 id : 246960 ISBN : 0881503274  | name : Out of the Blackout  |  description : An unidentified boy with little memory of the past is taken in during the height of World War II by a couple who know nothing about him except his strange cries at night, but a trip to London rekindles old memories, and fears. Reprint. IP.
 id : 246962 ISBN : 0571176151  | name : Travesties  |  description : Three novels by Emma Tennant. The Bad Sister relates the extraordinary events surrounding the life and death of a wealthy Scottish landowner, and Two Women in London and Faustine are modern-day reworkings of the Jekyll and Hyde story and the Faust legend, respectively.
 id : 246964 ISBN : 006250794X  | name : The Sacred Path Workbook  |  description : An invaluable new companion to the bestselling Sacred Path Cards, thising even more of the Native teachings to discover personal truths and one's path in life. 50 illustrations.
 id : 246965 ISBN : 0399141650  | name : The Quest for Personal Power  |  description : Stress arises when we let fear and self-doubt control our thoughts and actions . . . when we fail to take charge of the power of the mind. Addresses the roots of our fears and offers solutions to the epidemic of stress. We must learn to use the power and potential of the mind to respond to outside pressures, to eliminate stress, and to achieve wellness and confidence. Reveals the causes of stress and explores the different dimensions of experience: the physical, psychological, and spiritual aspects of our identity. Shows what inner resources are available to us, and how we can have the skills to use them, so we can turn uncertainty into self-confidence, loneliness into self-reliance, and stress into strength.
 id : 246967 ISBN : 1578630037  | name : Healing Quest  |  description : The extraordinary description of Marie Herberts inner and outer journey toward renewed wholeness after the sudden, tragic death of her youngest daughter. Herbert's quest was made possible with the guidance of Jamie Sams, creator of bestselling Sacred Path and Medicine Cards. Sams helps Herbert redirect her journey into a healing quest.
 id : 246968 ISBN : 1929590059  | name : Crack at Dusk, Crook of Dawn  |  description : Crack at Dusk: Crook of Dawn, the third novel in The Winona Trilogy, continues to explore the deep divide between the modern psychological view of life and the traditional Lakota (Sioux) spiritual perspective, following the same characters: Dr. Meggie O'Connor, the psychologist and Hawk, the Lakota medicine teacher. In Crack at Dusk: Crook of Dawn, the two lovers marry but soon find their relationship sorely tested by the addition of an emotionally disturbed boy, Winona's grandson, who has been violently exposed to the forces of evil. Hawk argues that the boy's soul has been stolen, thus requiring special ceremonies. Meggie is adamant that the boy is suffering from Post Traumatic Stress Disorder and needs hospitalization. Together the two of them must find - through love, ritual, and story - the way into the boy's heart to bring him back home. An affirmative, healing story, Crack at Dusk: Crook of Dawn provides an uncompromising view of the contaminating nature of evil and the path back to wholeness.
 id : 246971 ISBN : 0385149514  | name : We Didn't Have Much, But We Sure Had Plenty  |  description : Interviews with rural American women capture their thoughts about their lives, their families, their work on farms, and their view of themselves
 id : 246972 ISBN : 051730984X  | name : The Prophesies of Nostradamus  |  description : Suggested interpretations follow the text of Nostradamus' enigmatic verses, which were claimed to predict future events
 id : 246974 ISBN : 0786862297  | name : I Left My Back Door Open  |  description : From the bestselling author of "Coffee Will Make You Black" comes this sparkling new novel of self-knowledge starring Chicago DJ Daphne Dupree. At first Daphne fears her romance with Skylar, a handsome mediator, might never get to the next step, but as their relationship progresses, she finds that her yearning for someone to love ends with a discovery of herself.
 id : 246976 ISBN : 088011861X  | name : Your Personal Trainer  |  description : Presents individually tailored training programs and customized fitness workouts designed to maximize workout goals, shed pounds and add muscle, increase endurance, and stay motivated. Chapters are organized in sections on training essentials and components, training programs, and training targets. Includes bandw photos, assessment forms, and planning sheets. The author is a certified personal trainer and is fitness training director at Snowcreek Resort and Athletic Club. Annotation copyrighted by Book News, Inc., Portland, OR
 id : 246977 ISBN : 0939149311  | name : Me & You  |  description : Thirty years old and very much the successful modern woman, Gwen still lives in the shadow of her long-deceased alcoholic father and expresses her discontent by falling in love with her sister's new father-in-law
 id : 246978 ISBN : 1882897579  | name : The Walking Wounded  |  description : In 1972, newly single fortysomething Juliana Jantzen has three men change her life: a math professor, an environmental activist, and a wise contractor.
 id : 246979 ISBN : 0345397606  | name : Starshield Sentinels  |  description : Created by the bestselling team of Weis & Hickman, Starshield introduces their newest fantastic universe with an unforgettable, magical, grand adventure! Rebellion threatens to rock the very foundation of civilization. If the wrong side wins, the people will be at the mercy of minds with no conscience or humanity. The only hope for freedom lies with the Mantle of Kendis-dai, a relic reputed to hold the power of absolute Truth. But the Mantle of Kendis-dai is long lost in the mists of myth and time...if it ever really existed at all. Merinda Neskat, dedicated to the pursuit of Truth above all, is determined to find the legendary Mantle. The key to her quest is a group of lost Earthpeople, led by the feckless Jeremy Griffiths, who holds knowledge he shouldn't have--and doesn't understand. Together, Merinda, Jeremy, and his companions set off on a dangerous race against time and deadly enemy forces, seeking a mysterious world that holds the secret that can save them--or destroy the path of civilization forever.
 id : 246981 ISBN : 0828002118  | name : Cosmic Conflict  |  description : COSMIC CONFLICT wrestles with these questions and answers them forthrightly and with authority. Millions of readers have benefited from its behind-the-scenes revelation of the forces that shape their daily lives. Discover the role you can play in the great controversy between good and evil. - 1. A Forecast of the World's Destiny; 2. The First Christians; 3. An Era of Spiritual Darkness; 4. Faithful Torchbearers; 5. The Light Breaks in England; 6. Two Heroes Face Death; 7. Luther--A Man for His Time; 8. A Champion of Truth; 9. Light Kindled in Switzerland; 10. Progress of Reform in Germany; 11. The Protest of the Princes; 12. Daybreak in France; 13. The Netherlands and Scandinavia Stirred by Reform; 14. Truth Advances in the British Isles; 15. Terror and Retribution in France; 16. Seeking Freedom in a New World; 17. Promises of Christ's Return; 18. New Light in the New World; 19. Light Through Darkness; 20. A Global Religious Awakening; 21. Results of Rejecting Truth; 22. Prophecies Fulfilled; 23. The Mystery of the Sanctuary Unfolded; 24. Jesus Christ Our Advocate; 25. America in Prophecy; 26. An Hour for Reform; 27. Modern Reivals; 28. Facing Our Life Record; 29. Why Were Sin and Suffering Permitted?; 30. Man's Worst Enemy; 31. Who are the Angels?; 32. Snares of Satan; 33. The Mystery of Immortality; 34. Can the Dead Speak to Us?; 35. Liberty of Conscience Threatened; 36. The Impending Conflict; 37. Our Only Safeguard; 38. God's Final Warning; 39. The Time of Trouble; 40. God's People Delivered; 41. The Earth in Ruins; 42. The Controversy Ended; Appendix; Index of Scripture References; General Index
 id : 246982 ISBN : 0439083702  | name : Franklin Goes to the Hospital  |  description : When Franklin is hurt in a soccer game, his doctor sends him to the hospital to have the crack in his shell repaired.
 id : 246983 ISBN : 0439213592  | name : Clifford the Big Red Dog  |  description : Emily Elizabeth can't find anything special enough for show-and-tell, until Clifford gives her an idea, in an addition to the new Big Red Reader easy-to-read series. Original.
 id : 246984 ISBN : 0590386522  | name : Scooby-Doo on Zombie Island  |  description : In Louisiana, Scooby-Doo finds an island full of zombies
 id : 246986 ISBN : 0590442619  | name : Clifford and the Grouchy Neighbors  |  description : For use in schools and libraries only. Emily Elizabeth's neighbors seem to be very bad-tempered until Clifford finally becomes their friend.
 id : 246987 ISBN : 0590921622  | name : Clifford's First Valentine's Day  |  description : Emily Elizabeth tells about Clifford's first Valentine's Day when he was still a tiny puppy. Clifford goes to the post office with Emily Elizabeth to mail valentines and gets lost in the carts full of letters.
 id : 246990 ISBN : 0689847564  | name : Dizzy and Muck Work it Out  |  description : CAN THEY FIX IT? YES, THEY CAN! Mrs. Potts has hired the team to pave a new path in her garden. But when Wendy leaves Dizzy and Muck alone to finish the job, they end up making a big mess!
 id : 246991 ISBN : 0721452728  | name : Dreaming Numbers  |  description : For each number, 1 through 10, this book suggests animals to dream about.
 id : 246994 ISBN : 0769600239  | name : Rapunzel  |  description : Rapunzel: A beautiful girl with long golden hair is imprisoned in a lonely tower by a witch.
 id : 246995 ISBN : 0895777010  | name : Don't Forget the Oatmeal!  |  description : "A supermarket word book". Featuring Jim Henson's Sesame Street Muppets.
 id : 246999 ISBN : 1585671312  | name : To the Hermitage  |  description : Bradbury brilliantly recreates the climate of the 18th century and Diderot's journey to Russia to "enlighten" Catherine the Great. And the Diderot Project itself becomes a quest to recapture a lost world and illuminate our own.
 id : 247000 ISBN : 0395760704  | name : The Riverside Anthology of Literature  |  description : For composition and introduction to literature courses, The Riverside Anthology of Literature has long been praised for its rich variety of selections, its interwoven commentary, its eloquent editorial prose, its unobtrusive apparatus, and its organizational flexibility. To acquaint students quickly with the specific qualities of a genre, each section now opens with six short selections that focus on a particular theme for easy comparison and contrast.
 id : 247001 ISBN : 0385482051  | name : Enterprise One to One  |  description : Explains how businesses can use interactive information gathering to get a better idea of what their customers want and serve them better by anticipating their needs.
 id : 247005 ISBN : 3803120624  | name : Die Würde des Menschen ist antastbar  |  description : Essays af den tyske journalist og grundlægger af Rote Armé Fraktion (RAF) Ulrike Meinhof (1934-1976).
 id : 247006 ISBN : 0312187335  | name : The Lady Mechanic's Total Car Care for the Clueless  |  description : A guide for car owners provides information on lights, leaks, noises, and smells with tips on finding a reliable mechanic and purchasing a car
 id : 247007 ISBN : 0929264215  | name : Lewis Grizzard on Fear of Flying  |  description : This humorous treatment of one of the country's most common neuroses will make the perfect gift for frequent flyers.
 id : 247008 ISBN : 0140058605  | name : Clear Light of Day  |  description : Evokes the traumatic history of India after the departure of the British in a story of a Hindu family in Old Delhi and the relationships among four people.
 id : 247010 ISBN : 0435270613  | name : The Return of the Native  |  description : This historic book may have numerous typos and missing text. Purchasers can download a free scanned copy of the original book (without typos) from the publisher. Not indexed. Not illustrated. 1920 edition. Excerpt: ...her? No lady would rove about the heath at all hours of the day and night as she does. But that's not all of it. There was something queer between her and Thomasin's husband at one time--I am as sure of it as that I stand here.' 'Eustacia has told me. He did pay her a little attention a year ago; but there's no harm in that. I like her all the better.' 'Clym, ' said his mother with firmness, 'I have no proofs against her, unfortunately. But if she makes you a good wife, there has never been a bad one. 'Believe me, you are almost exasperating, ' said Yeobright vehemently. 'And this very day I had intended to arrange a meeting between you. But you give me no peace; you try to thwart my wishes in everything.' 'I hate the thought of any son of mine marrying badly I wish I had never lived to see this; it is too much for me--it is more than I thought ' She turned to the window. Her breath was coming quickly, and her lips were pale, parted, and trembling. 'Mother, ' said Clym, 'whatever you do, you will always be dear to me--that you know. 'But one thing I have a right to say, which is, that at my age I am old enough to know what is best for me.' Mrs. Yeobright remained for some time silent and shaken, as if she could say no more. Then she replied, 'Best? Is it best for you to injure your prospects for such a voluptuous, idle woman as that? Don't you see that by the very fact of your choosing her you prove that you do not know what is best for you? You give up your whole thought--you set your whole soul--to please a woman.' 'I do. And that woman is you.' 'How can you treat me so flippantly ' said his mother, turning again to him with a tearful look. 'You are unnatural, Clym, and I did not expect it.' 1 Very likely, ' said he cheerlessly. 'You did not know...
 id : 247018 ISBN : 0062507109  | name : Inner Bonding  |  description : Inner bonding is the process of connecting our adult thoughts with our instinctual, gut feelings -- the feelings of the "inner child" -- so that we can minimize painful conflict within ourselves. Free of inner conflict, we feel peaceful, open to joy, and open to giving and receiving love. Margaret Paul, coauthor of Healing Your Aloneness, explores how abandonment of the inner child leads to increasingly negative and destructive feelings of low self-worth, codepenclence, addiction, shame, powerlessness, and withdrawal from relationships. Her breakthrough inner bonding process teaches us to heal past wounds through reparenting and clearly demonstrates how we can learn to parent in the present. Real-life examples illustrate the dynamics of the healing process and show the benefits we can expect in every facet of our lives and in all our relationships. Inner Bonding provides the tools we need to forge and maintain the inner unity that makes our family, sexual, work, and social relationships productive, honest, and joyful.
 id : 247020 ISBN : 0140390715  | name : The Pathfinder  |  description : Cooper undertook a "hazardous experiment" in resurrecting one of his most popular characters, for he had killed off Bumppo in his previous incarnation. This book is noted as a classic account of the American wilderness. For more than seventy years, Penguin has been the leading publisher of classic literature in the English-speaking world. With more than 1,700 titles, Penguin Classics represents a global bookshelf of the best works throughout history and across genres and disciplines. Readers trust the series to provide authoritative texts enhanced by introductions and notes by distinguished scholars and contemporary authors, as well as up-to-date translations by award-winning translators.
 id : 247021 ISBN : 0195283554  | name : The New Oxford Annotated Bible Containing the Old and New Testaments  |  description : Edited by Bruce Manning Metzger and Roland E. Murphy Detailed, updated annotations Extensive essays and book introductions Outlines Textual notes Footnotes Larger pages with wide margins 36 pages of full-color maps with Index Essay by Metzger on how to use Annotated Bible Imprintable Smyth-sewn 7 x 9 3/8 % Font size: 10
 id : 247022 ISBN : 0310435706  | name : Encyclopedia of Bible Difficulties  |  description : This encyclopedia is intended for everyone, from scholars and students to laypersons--for all who are troubled by apparent contradictions in the Bible. It argues for the unity and the integrity of the Bible and should convince the skeptic and reassure the person who may be confused by the seeming discrepancies in Scripture.
 id : 247023 ISBN : 0345288068  | name : Night Trains  |  description : Two young doctors devise a remarkable scheme to stage a typhus epidemic which will force the Nazis to evacuate a Polish town. Based on a little-known true episode of World War II.
 id : 247024 ISBN : 0345373561  | name : Everywoman's Medical Handbook  |  description : Dr. Miriam Stopppard, dynamic physician, respected author, and passionate advocate of patients' rights, has written the definitive women's health sourcebook. Convenient and comprehensive, this reference is an invaluable A to Z directory to conditions, diseases, procedures, and symptoms, with extensive cross-referencing and signposts that will help point you in the right direction, if you're not certain what is wrong. Once you find the problem, the entry is arranged to answer your most urgent questions, such as: what caused it; should I see a doctor; what will the doctor do; what are my options; what can I do to help, and more.
 id : 247029 ISBN : 0394862147  | name : The Doctor Who Technical Manual  |  description : A guide to the technological fantasies, including advanced tools, weapons, computers, spaceships, robots, and lifelike human clones, introduced on the long-running British science fiction television series.
 id : 247030 ISBN : 0399148442  | name : Why Does He Do That?  |  description : In this groundbreaking book, a domestic violence expert uses his unique perspective as a therapist to take women inside the minds of abusive and controlling men to teach them how to free themselves from the chains of abuse.
 id : 247032 ISBN : 0451166000  | name : The Four Last Things  |  description : When Simeon Grist is hired by a recording company to trail suspected embezzler Sally Oldfield, he discovers she's involved in something far more lucrative than CDs--namely, a multi-million-dollar religious scam. And Grist's snooping makes him a prime target for hell . . . .
 id : 247033 ISBN : 0517573636  | name : The Silver Pigs  |  description : Winner of the Best First Novel award from the Authors' Club, and debut of the Didius Falco mystery series. It is A.D. 70, when Roman P.I. Marcus Didius Falco runs into comely Sosia Camillina on the steps of the Forum. It seems she's being chased by a few unsavories for a stockpile of silver pigs--silver ingots--but Falco wants more information. What he gets is a whiff of treason and a one-way ticket to his own funeral pyre.... "It has everything: mystery, pace, wit, fascinating scholarship, and above all, two protagonists for whom, by the end, I feel genuine affection, and want to meet again." Ellis Peters
 id : 247034 ISBN : 0523485964  | name : The Psychotechnic League  |  description : Stories describe a world recovering from World War III, expanding space exploration to develop new settlements, and the struggle to find political stability
 id : 247035 ISBN : 0553343653  | name : Anatomy of an Illness as Perceived by the Patient  |  description : Anatomy of an Illness was the first book by a patient that spoke to our current interest in taking charge of our own health. It started the revolution in patients working with their doctors and using humor to boost their bodies' capacity for healing. When Norman Cousins was diagnosed with a crippling and irreversible disease, he forged an unusual collaboration with his physician, and together they were able to beat the odds. The doctor's genius was in helping his patient to use his own powers: laughter, courage, and tenacity. The patient's talent was in mobilizing his body's own natural resources, proving what an effective healing tool the mind can be.
 id : 247036 ISBN : 0609810138  | name : The Music Business  |  description : The Must-Have Guide for Breaking into the Music Business Completely revised and updated for the twenty-first century, The Music Business provides essential career advice and information on how to get started and advance in all areas of the music industry—from an author who’s had careers in music as an artist and professor for more than two decades. This comprehensive volume gives you guidance and information on: • Starting your music career • The ins and outs of recording contracts • Record producing and music engineering • The distribution and sale of records • The Internet and MP3s, and their effects on the music industry • The latest computer programs • Copyright law • Composing music and songwriting • Music education • The international music industry • And much more . . . The Music Business is an indispensable reference for anyone who wants to begin a career in any of the industry’s facets, as well as an invaluable aid to professional and would-be professional musicians alike.
 id : 247037 ISBN : 0664244882  | name : A Gathering of Strangers  |  description : In this edition of his widely used book, Robert C. Worley takes into account recent biblical and sociological studies and employs inclusive language to help clergy and laity see the church as it is, in relation to its members and to the larger community as well.
 id : 247040 ISBN : 0718002067  | name : Open Bible  |  description : The study Bible that gets you quickly and fully into the Word. Find what you need! The Open Bible, King James Version is designed for the hungry reader. This Bible is filled with amazing study aids including comprehensive book introductions and outlines, 64-page concordance, Read-Along references and translation notes, and the classic Biblical Cyclopedic Index covering more than 8,000 textual entries. The Open Bible, King James Version also features a seven-step method on How to Study the Bible, a Visual Survey of the Bible, The Christian's Guide to the New Life, and The Greatest Archaeological Discoveries of the Bible. This outstanding Bible is available in hardcover and bonded leather. Features include: Authorized King James Version text Biblical Cyclopedic Index Christian's Guide to the New Life Visual Survey of the Bible Book introductions and outlines Concordance Part of the Signature Series line of Thomas Nelson Bibles. Open Bibles sold to date: More than 3 million The King James Version-The most successful Bible translation in history with billions of copies published
 id : 247041 ISBN : 0800757483  | name : Finding God when Life's Not Fair  |  description : Ezell writes of her personal struggle after her husband died of cancer and she was diagnosed with it.
 id : 247042 ISBN : 080284314X  | name : Praying with Saint Teresa  |  description : This compilation of prayers of St. Teresa of Avila introduces the reader to this humble woman who defined prayer as simply "friendship with God", and who found it as normal to commune with God while washing pots as while participating in liturgies.
 id : 247044 ISBN : 080501604X  | name : The Anatomy of Human Destructiveness  |  description : In this provocative book, the distinguished author writes to break the deadlock in the struggle between the instinctivism of Konrad Lorenz and behavior psychologist B.F. Skinner.
 id : 247045 ISBN : 0812542509  | name : Conan the Renegade  |  description : Conan works as a mercenary for Prince Ivor, of Koth, who plans to depose his wicked uncle, King Strabonus
 id : 247047 ISBN : 0842370668  | name : Life Application New Testament Commentary  |  description : Based on the best-selling Life Application Commentary series, this single, handy volume holds practical, concise insight on every verse in the New Testament. A key resource for anyone who wants to understand the New Testament and how it applies to real life.
 id : 247049 ISBN : 0871890917  | name : Abnormal Postural Reflex Activity Caused by Brain Lesions  |  description : Clearcut descriptions of higher postural reflexes to help identify specific motor patterns and assess extent of injury. How to avoid negative reaction patterns of CNS lesions, monitor changes in reflex ability, and more. A basic reference guide to more effective treatment. Concise and analytic.
 id : 247050 ISBN : 0875096867  | name : Breast Cancer and Me  |  description : Breast Cancer and Me is a witty yet sensitive look at the experience of being diagnosed with breast cancer and suffering the treatments that often follow. Lois' personal message of faith, hope and love offers encouragement for women with breast cancer and is a thoughtful gift for those who love them.
 id : 247051 ISBN : 0884195473  | name : The Stronghold of God  |  description : As the magnitude of evil escalates in the world today, Christians are looking for a place of immunity and protection, a spiritual Goshen. In The Stronghold of God pastor and best-selling author Francis Frangipane imparts fresh revelation about God's place of shelter--a dwelling place for your soul--during times of suffering and persecution. Once you've found this place, nothing you encounter can defeat you. In every distress or devilish plot set against you, you'll emerge unscathed and victorious. From wherever you are, you can reach The Stronghold of God.
 id : 247052 ISBN : 0884502627  | name : Improving Upper Body Control  |  description : Neuropathologie, muscle, pathologie
 id : 247054 ISBN : 0891094261  | name : Marriage Takes More Than Love  |  description : Presents practical, biblical, down-to-earth solutions for dealing with troubled relationships as well as suggestions for making good marriages better.
 id : 247055 ISBN : 0897210433  | name : Deck Plans  |  description : Diagrams, photos, and text describe how to build 12 decks. Includes building plans, materials lists, and construction steps.
 id : 247057 ISBN : 0898796431  | name : How to Write and Sell Children's Picture Books  |  description : In this authoritative guide, an industry pro takes writers through all the steps of writing and publishing books for children.
 id : 247058 ISBN : 0898796601  | name : Queries and Submissions  |  description : Let Thomas Clark, editor of Writer's Digest magazine, show you how to command attention, land a sale, comport yourself as a professional writer. Read Queries & Submissions and discover how to format professional-looking query letters, cover letters and manuscripts; how to fulfill every editor's demand: Know Your Target Magazine!; tips on crafting dynamic, compelling opening paragraphs that will grab an editor's attention; real-life examples - query letters that sold articles; how to use photocopies of your published articles to help your chances - and how to avoid having this backfire; how to get an editor to trust your experience - even if you've never sold an article before; easy techniques for brainstorming article ideas; when you don't need to send a query letter first; when you can break the "No Phone Queries!" rule; how to send out multiple ideas on the same topic - without making simultaneous submissions; tips for deciding how much detail to put into your letter; and how to sell your articles again and again.
 id : 247059 ISBN : 089879661X  | name : Leads & Conclusions  |  description : With his help, you'll learn to develop good leads for any article, seduce readers without resorting to misleading tricks, identify readers and meet their needs, use fiction techniques to increase dramatic impact without compromising the facts, work with multiple viewpoints, avoid cliches and muddy language, write cliff-hangers that will keep readers hungry for future installments of long articles, and frame stories with linked leads and conclusions.
 id : 247061 ISBN : 0912452161  | name : Principles of Lower-extremity Bracing  |  description : An outgrowth of instructional courses presented by the staff of the Rancho Los Amigos Hospital, Downey, Calif., at the 1966 and 1967 annual conferences of the American Physical Therapy Association. The articles were first published in the September 1967 issue of Physical therapy.
 id : 247063 ISBN : 0964420805  | name : National Writers Union Guide to Freelance Rates & Standard Practice  |  description : An indispensible resource for freelance writers in every market, the NWU Guide offers a real-life look at freelancing, including fees, contracts and working conditions.
 id : 247065 ISBN : 1564403963  | name : How to Open and Operate a Home-based Writing Business  |  description : With hands-on techniques and a friendly, personal approach, this indispensable guide shows writers, designers, and other creative types how to unearth the hidden market in local, everyday jobs, and presents a list of clients who buy writing and desktop design services in most communities. Worksheets; forms.
 id : 247066 ISBN : 1567313000  | name : The Woman's Book of Courage  |  description : Now with an updated look and a larger format for easier reading, "The Woman's Book of Courage" is a little book with a big message - we can take charge of our lives, stop trying to please all of the (other) people all of the time, and live happily with ourselves and others right now. Since it was first published, "The Woman's Book of Courage" has touched the lives of hundreds of thousands of women.
 id : 247067 ISBN : 1568380593  | name : Contrary to Love  |  description : Contrary to Love
 id : 247068 ISBN : 1570620970  | name : Zen Essence  |  description : The teachings presented here offer a new view of Zen Buddhism that may surprise some readers. In contrast to the popular image of Zen as being an authoritarian, monastic tradition deeply rooted in Asian culture, this collection of teachings portrays Zen as being remarkably flexible, adaptive to contemporary and individual needs, and transcending cultural boundaries. Because of the very nature of Zen, its essence does not belong to any particular culture or philosophy. Its practice requires consciousness alone and does not depend on a background in Zen Buddhism or Asian culture. The essence of Zen applies directly to the relationship between mind and culture, whatever that culture might be. Therefore it relates immediately to the way in which the world is experienced and life is lived. Drawn from the records of the great Chinese Zen masters of the Tang and Song dynasties, this collection represents the most open and direct forms of instruction in the entire Zen canon. What emerges is a picture of Zen, not as a religion or philosophy, but as a practical science of freedom. The translator provides a detailed afterword describing the historical and cultural background of the development of Chinese Zen.
 id : 247069 ISBN : 157224058X  | name : I Can't Get Over it  |  description : Discusses the causes and symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder, tells how to identify situations that trigger attacks, and offers advice on recovering from rape, domestic violence, natural disasters, vehicular accidents, and combat experiences.
 id : 247070 ISBN : 1572302399  | name : Life After Trauma  |  description : Trauma can turn a person's world upside down-- afterward, nothing may look safe or familiar. This supportive workbook helps trauma survivors find and use crucial skills for coping, self-understanding, and self-care. Even when the worst has happened, this book shows how it is possible to feel good again. Filled with comforting activities, relaxation techniques, self-evaluation questionnaires, and exercises, the workbook explains how and why trauma can throw you for a loop and what survivors can do now to cope. Chapters guide readers step-by-step toward reclaiming a basic sense of safety, self-worth, and control over their lives, as well as the capacity to trust and be close to others. Readers learn how to protect themselves from overwhelming memories and to heal from trauma-related reactions that may be disturbing their day-to-day lives. Written by experts in treating trauma and based on extensive research, the workbook can be used on its own or in conjunction with psychotherapy.
 id : 247071 ISBN : 1576739597  | name : Secrets of the Vine Devotional  |  description : Use this personal devotional to find new joy and Christian effectiveness, guided by bestselling author Bruce Wilkinson.
 id : 247072 ISBN : 1852278099  | name : Your Life in Your Hands  |  description : One out of nine women in the United States will develop breast cancer in her lifetime. In fact, it is the second leading cause of cancer death for women (after lung cancer) and the leading overall cause of death in women between the ages of forty and fifty-five. For too long women have erroneously believed that there is little or nothing they can do to prevent this dread illness. Our major medical efforts are directed toward detecting and treating, rather than preventing, breast cancer. Professor Jane Plant, one of Britain's most eminent scientists, contracted breast cancer in 1987. She had five recurrences, and, by 1993, the cancer had spread to her lymph system. When orthodox medicine gave up and she was told that she only had three months to live, she determined to use her extensive scientific training and her knowledge of other cultures to find a way to survive. In her research, she was startled to find that in China breast cancer affects far fewer women than in Western countries. Plant considered that there could be a dietary trigger for the illness. As she continued her scientific investigations, she became convinced that there was a causal link between consumption of dairy products and breast cancer. Jane Plant finally defeated her breast cancer, in part because she used her training and knowledge as a natural scientist to understand it-- and then overcome it. Combining the diet her research had led to with traditional medical treatment, Professor Plant was not only able to triumph over her own disease but also to pass on what she had discovered to help more than sixty other women successfully fight their breast cancer. In this book, women will be presented for thefirst time with a compelling body of evidence strongly suggesting that consumption of dairy products may cause breast cancer. It will demonstrate the specific changes that women can make in their day-to-day lives to help prevent and treat breast cancer. With a clear statement of the scientific principles behind her discovery, Professor Plant includes detailed suggestions for ways to alter your diet by eliminating or reducing consumption of many suspected cancer-causing agents, especially dairy products, and replacing them with healthful alternatives. She offers as well detailed menus and recipes to help you make the transition and enjoy it. Your Life in Your Hands is a revolutionary book that will change the lives of millions of women.
 id : 247073 ISBN : 1930285000  | name : How to Develop a Powerful Prayer Life  |  description : Today there are rising signs that God is calling His people back to Himself through prayer and repentance. Yet, most of God's children still feel intimidated about their prayer life. Indeed, many confess that prayer is the weakest area of their lives. God wants us to change that!
 id : 247075 ISBN : 1583940790  | name : Fart Proudly  |  description : A mention of flatulence might conjure up images of bratty high school boys or lowbrow comics. But one of the most eloquent—and least expected—commentators on the subject is Benjamin Franklin. The writings in Fart Proudly reveal the rogue who lived peaceably within the philosopher and statesman. Included are "The Letter to a Royal Academy"; "On Choosing a Mistress"; "Rules on Making Oneself Disagreeable"; and other jibes. Franklin's irrepressible wit found an outlet in perpetrating hoaxes, attacking marriage and other sacred cows, and skewering the English Parliament. Reminding us of the humorous, irreverent side of this American icon, these essays endure as both hilarious satire and a timely reminder of the importance of a free press.
 id : 247077 ISBN : 0304359416  | name : Cassell's Directory of Scented Plants  |  description : Plants with fragrant flowers or aromatic foliage have an enormous attraction and scent is an important feature in any garden. David Squire shows how to plan, choose, plant and maintain a fragrant garden in this heavily illustrated guide.
 id : 247080 ISBN : 0374523878  | name : The Odyssey  |  description : With its inspired counterpointing of Homeric and Caribbean themes, Derek Walcott's new play, commissioned by Britain's Royal Shakespeare Company, springs from the same imaginative sources as his epic poem Omeros. Episodes of the story of Odysseus' protracted wanderings from fallen Troy to his island home of Ithaca are pungently interspersed with a commentary by the blind singer Billy Blue. Proteus, the Old Man of the Sea, the giant Cyclops, Circe and her revellers, ghosts, and mermaids are among the cast. With its vast sweep and richly figurative language, The Odyssey confirms that Derek Walcott is as compelling a playwright as he is a poet.
 id : 247083 ISBN : 0451197437  | name : Stiletto  |  description : The story of this steamy novel centers on an amoral young Italian aristocrat with a penchant for violence who owes his extravagant lifestyle to the favors of a mafia overlord. So when he is asked to silence four witnesses due to testify against the mob, the aristocrat is more than happy to comply in a most brutal manner. Only he did not figure on a special agent -- one who helped build the mountain of evidence against the organization -- entering into a lethal game of cat-and-mouse with him. And the special agent is the only one who realizes that it is not loyalty, or honor, or debt that drive the young man to murder -- but the thrill of the kill!
 id : 247084 ISBN : 0517000652  | name : Winter World  |  description : Starker IV is a cold, inhospitable world swept by severe winter storms. When the lord of House Halarek and his eldest sons are murdered, Karne Halarek, the Lharr's youngest son, claims his legacy--and vows to find the assassins before the ensuing uproar can cause the destruction of his world.
 id : 247089 ISBN : 0789477831  | name : Secrets of Dreams  |  description : Use dream analysis to reach new levels of self-awareness and learn valuable lessons about your life. We spend, on average, 25 years of our lives sleeping, and 5 to 7 of those years are spent dreaming. Throughout history people have pondered the meaning of dreams and the single question that continues to plague researchers is simply: What is a dream? We know that dreams condense an experience or memory into vivid symbols that come alive when we sleep, but for what purpose? Though what each of us dreams is unique, dream analysis can help to interpret the hidden messages that are integral to our dreams. This pocket guide looks at all the most common dream themes and shows us how we can interpret these to reach a greater understanding of ourselves and the world around us.
 id : 247091 ISBN : 0810945797  | name : The World of the Dark Crystal  |  description : Drawings depict the inhabitants and ancient culture of an unusual fantasy world.
 id : 247092 ISBN : 0810946122  | name : The Runes of Elfland  |  description : In 24 never-before-seen paintings, best-selling fantasy artist Froud interprets the ancient and mystical runes of Celtic and European origin through Elfland, a world of faeries and myth.
 id : 247093 ISBN : 0811829103  | name : Legacy of the Cat  |  description : Traces the history of the domestic cat, and shows and describes in detail a wide variety of new and traditional breeds, from American Curls to Turkish Angoras, discussing their origins, unique characteristics, behavior and temperament, care, and more.
 id : 247095 ISBN : 0855030127  | name : Robin Finds Christmas  |  description : Christmas story.
 id : 247096 ISBN : 0882668099  | name : Decorative Stamping  |  description : A step-by-step guide to a popular new way to decorate nearly any flat surface around the home. Explains how to select the right paint for a project, how to make stamps or where to buy them, and how to apply a design, and includes more than forty design templates to get readers started.
 id : 247097 ISBN : 0907849741  | name : Ruskin's Drawings  |  description : In 1875 John Ruskin gave a large collection of drawings to the University of Oxford. These works, now in the Ashmolean Museum, form the basis for this study. Selecting the finest drawings in the collection, Nicholas Penny traces Ruskin's career as an artist and reveals the elaborate, but unfulfilled, educational programme that lay behind his gift. The Ashmolean's collection of Ruskin's drawings is unrivalled, and this selection includes architectural drawings, landscapes, and studies of trees, flowers and birds.
 id : 247101 ISBN : 2840551446  | name : La Passe des argonautes  |  description : Tim Page, ancien netrunner, ancien mercenaire, ancien passeur recherché par plusieurs services secrets de techno-blocs, reprend du service pour un casse informatique de haut vol. Dans le labyrinthe des réseaux, les complots s'enchevêtrent et les vies ne tiennent qu'à quelques fils...
 id : 247106 ISBN : 0517162768  | name : Mary Higgins Clark Omnibus  |  description : Contains three complete novels from the bestselling mystery writer.
 id : 247107 ISBN : 0739442309  | name : Little Women  |  description : Chronicles the joys and sorrows of the four March sisters as they grow into young ladies in nineteenth-century New England.
 id : 247108 ISBN : 0312203675  | name : Speak Rwanda  |  description : Traces the interlinked lives of several characters as they try to survive the civil war in Rwanda, one of the most violent and deeply disturbing acts of genocide since World War II. 15,000 first printing.
 id : 247109 ISBN : 0805048782  | name : Loving You Was My Undoing  |  description : No one in Mexico ever imagined the revolution would pass through Montreal. Not Frederico Farias, who had composed a quiet revolutionary life for himself in lectures and town meetings, far from the battlefronts. Not Rosario Alomar, whose husband's life would in the senseless battle. Not even Valentin Cobelo, who, together with his men, chased down the federales in the town's cobbled streets. In the midst of a bloody revolution, desire unfurls between Rosario and Valentin. "Passion can be smelled, like rainstorms--they warn you of their fury, but you can't stop them."Loving You Was My Undoing is a tour de force--an unforgettable story of fervent longing and of wishes carved in the air that might have gone better unanswered.
 id : 247110 ISBN : 0974499005  | name : Profit from the Power of Many  |  description : This practical, eight-step guide provides the know-how to create and maintain a mastermind team to achieve astonishing results.
 id : 247112 ISBN : 0613025326  | name : The Bridges of Madison County  |  description : On assignment shooting the covered bridges in Iowa, photographer Robert Kincaid falls in love with Iowa native Francesca Johnson during four days of love, magic, and beauty.
 id : 247116 ISBN : 044667883X  | name : Last Man Standing  |  description : When Web London's FBI Hostage Negotiation Team is ambushed in a dark alley, Web is the only survivor. As the FBI investigates, suspicion surrounding Web deepens. Now, he needs help from an unlikely ally in his desperate search for the killer of his friends, and finds himself up against a force intent on finishing the job that began in the alley. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 247117 ISBN : 0525937021  | name : The Pause  |  description : Identifies symptoms of menopause, discusses the risks and benefits of hormone-replacement therapy, and offers advice on adjusting to life after menopause
 id : 247119 ISBN : 0385305893  | name : Beastie  |  description : Three children form an expedition and sneak away from camp on nighttime boating excursions in an attempt to find the elusive "Beastie" who may live in a remote Scottish loch.
 id : 247120 ISBN : 0803701225  | name : The Spell of the Sorcerer's Skull  |  description : When Johnny Dixon takes a tiny skull from a haunted dollhouse, demonic forces are released,capturing Professor Childermass and leading Johnny on a harrowing chase to a deserted island off the coast of Maine.
 id : 247126 ISBN : 0061081094  | name : Unquiet Hearts  |  description : When Thomasine Strangeways returns to the family manor to fulfill her mother's dying request, she finds a less than welcome reception, even from Nick, her childhood protector. Would the man she'd never stopped loving prove to be her undoing? A Harper Monogram novel of historical romance.
 id : 247129 ISBN : 0307605701  | name : Things in My House  |  description : Simple pictures are identified with a word.
 id : 247130 ISBN : 0312969074  | name : Cries from the Earth  |  description : In 1877, trouble begins to brew in the Northwest between the Nez Perce and the American government, which is forcing the Native American tribes from their homelands onto a reservation. Original.
 id : 247132 ISBN : 0345258576  | name : Now Playing at Canterbury  |  description : The plot is launched by English Professor Rigby Short, whose opera libretto, $4000, is about to be performed at a large Midwestern university. The novel's cast is composed of a gaggle of graduate students, some local singers and several professionals from the outside. An esteemed Japanese conductor appears on the scene, along with a wisecracking director from Philadelphia. What happens, Short is asked, when such a diverse group comes together? They tell lies. So they do, splendidly. There is the yarn about the innocent temptress from Biloxi and the odd revenge she takes on the man who steals her away. That one is topped by the tale of the fastest Jeep in the world and a deadly race in the Mexican foothills. A graduate student contributes a chiller about a pack of man-eating cats in his home town. When they are not swapping whoppers and case histories, the members of the troupe couple and uncouple in scenes that manage to be both erotic and clinically detached. Jealousies arise and a small epidemic of paranoia breaks out as opening night approaches.
 id : 247137 ISBN : 0373033559  | name : Dearest Love  |  description : Dearest Love by Betty Neels released on Feb 22, 1995 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247139 ISBN : 0373105738  | name : A Man of Means  |  description : A Man Of Means by Kay Thorpe released on Dec 24, 1982 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247140 ISBN : 0373115237  | name : Land of Dragons  |  description : Land Of Dragons by Joanna Mansell released on Nov 24, 1992 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247144 ISBN : 0373287526  | name : Dangerous Deceptions  |  description : Dangerous Deceptions by Erin Yorke released on Oct 23, 1992 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247145 ISBN : 0373614276  | name : Storm Burst  |  description : Mack Bolan and the Phoenix Force and Able Team, America's elite antiterrorist squads, must stop an Arab conspiracy to launch an all-out strike against the United States. Original.
 id : 247146 ISBN : 0373701047  | name : Sonata for My Love  |  description : Sonata For My Love by Irma Walker released on Dec 23, 1983 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247150 ISBN : 0380721627  | name : Slashback  |  description : Jake Lassiter's seemingly unrelated cases--the theft of a million-plus dollars from an elderly Russian immigrant and the murder of lawyer-turned-drug smuggler Berto Zaldivar--become linked by Keaka Kealia, a ruthless windsurfing pro
 id : 247151 ISBN : 0380776138  | name : Devil's Angel  |  description : On the brink of exonerating his past, Lord Lucian, Earl of Vayle, is betrayed and forced to marry the spirited Angel, a woman robbed of her inheritance by ruthless relatives and who presents Lucian with an even greater challenge than his enemies. Original.
 id : 247153 ISBN : 0395615887  | name : Attaboy, Sam!  |  description : Sam Krupnik sets out to concoct a special perfume as a surprise for his mother's birthday, a fragrance that is to be made up of all her favorite smells.
 id : 247155 ISBN : 0425060756  | name : Rogue's March  |  description : An antigovernment coup in the Congo is an embarrassment, threat, and challenge--variously--to CIA officer Andy Reddish, fallen cabinet minister Pierre Masakita, Colonel N'Sika, and the American and Soviet ambassadors
 id : 247157 ISBN : 0425080218  | name : Deadly Games  |  description : When Vadim Belkin, President Brezhnev's favorite newspaper reporter, is kidnapped from one of Moscow's railway stations, Special Investigator Shamrayez is given seven days to find the journalist
 id : 247158 ISBN : 0440092450  | name : Subject Guide to Forthcoming Books  |  description : Presents by subject the same titles that are listed by author and title in Forthcoming books.
 id : 247161 ISBN : 0440407702  | name : Monkey Island  |  description : Eleven-year-old Clay Garrity is on his own. His father lost his job and left the family. Now Clay's mother is gone from their welfare hotel. Clay is homeless and out on the streets of New York. In the park he meets two homeless men. Buddy and Calvin become Clay's new family during those harsh winter weeks. But the streets are filled with danger and despair. If Clay leaves the streets he may never find his parents again. But if he stays on the streets he may not survive at all.
 id : 247163 ISBN : 0445407093  | name : The Seeds of Treason  |  description : Jan Massey, Jimbo Vick, Arthur Johnson. They are all traitors. All play their part in an intricate dance of betrayal and subterfuge, each convinced he acts alone--and for the best of reasons. Until the day of reckoning--when some will escape . . . and some will die.
 id : 247164 ISBN : 0446360473  | name : Air Battle Central Europe  |  description : Interviews with high-ranking NATO officers show how a non-nuclear land/air war might be fought if waged today between NATO forces and Warsaw Pact forces
 id : 247165 ISBN : 0448027011  | name : The Adventures of Buster Bear  |  description : The other animals are frightened when Buster Bear comes to live in the Green Forest, until he gets into trouble trying to steal blueberries from Farmer Brown's boy and they realize he is not very different from them.
 id : 247166 ISBN : 0449124061  | name : Proud Surrender  |  description : As the ambitious plantation owner, Clay Drummond, struggles to rebuild his fortune in the aftermath of the Civil War, secrets in his family's past threaten to destroy his marriage
 id : 247170 ISBN : 0451172515  | name : Second Sight  |  description : The haunting final novel in the Paul Christopher series follows the master spy from the height of the Cold War to its end as he walks through a minefield of revenge and love". An absolutely exhilarating spy novel . . . Nobody does it better than McCarry!"--Washington Post Book World.
 id : 247173 ISBN : 0515105996  | name : Frontier Justice  |  description : Armed with only his gun and a single tired horse, Clint Adams escorts a woman and child who have survived a grisly wagon train massacre out of the dangerous wilderness
 id : 247174 ISBN : 0523421788  | name : Dark Deeds  |  description : Seeking vengeance for the murder of his girlfriend and the hijacking of his yacht, Peter Quinn trails a mercenary dictator known only as Zeller but must first face Zeller's most sadistic hitman
 id : 247176 ISBN : 0553443275  | name : In Daddy's Arms  |  description : Bain O'Neil is devastated when doctors tell him he will never conceive a child, but he finds his dreams of fatherhood realized when he meets and falls for Erin Flynn, a single mother of two. Original.
 id : 247180 ISBN : 0590085042  | name : Alvin's Secret Code  |  description : Twelve-year-old Alvin and his friend use their knowledge of codes and ciphers to locate buried treasure.
 id : 247182 ISBN : 0590313088  | name : The Hideaway  |  description : A sister and brother miss the bus to camp and instead secretly spend an adventurous summer at a cabin in the woods.
 id : 247183 ISBN : 059046728X  | name : Journey to America  |  description : A Jewish family fleeing Nazi Germany in 1938 endures innumerable separations before they are once again united.
 id : 247192 ISBN : 0689704305  | name : The Velvet Room  |  description : Robin was always "wandering off" (her mother's words) to get away from the confusion she felt inside her. It was not until Robin's father found a permanent job at the McCurdy ranch, after three years as a migrant worker, that Robin had a place to wander to. As time went by the Velvet Room became more and more of a haven for her--a place to read and dream, a place to bury one's fears and doubts, a place to count on. "The Velvet Room," first published in 1965, was a Junior Library Guild selection, and part of Scholastic Books' Arrow Book Club.
 id : 247194 ISBN : 0786001836  | name : Shadows of the Heart  |  description : While trying to rescue her brother from gambling, Marcella Hunnicutt is kidnapped by Wolf, the rakish owner of some of London's most notorious gaming dens, whose price for redeeming her brother's debts is Marcella's virtue. Original.
 id : 247195 ISBN : 0786815191  | name : Lost Treasures: The Rich and Famous - Book #6  |  description : Thirteen-year-old George suddenly finds himself the darling of a New York television company where plans are made to turn him into a singing, guitar-playing teen-age idol.
 id : 247197 ISBN : 081251050X  | name : Kahawa  |  description : In the Uganda of Idi Amin, a band of mercenaries and expatriates plan to hijack a mile-long train carrying six million dollars worth of Ugandan coffee
 id : 247198 ISBN : 0812522079  | name : The Burning  |  description : While investigating the death of his fiance+a7e, who burned herself to death with a smile on her face, Lloyd Denman learns that she has become a Salamander, a creature of fire and smoke-made flesh. Reprint.
 id : 247201 ISBN : 0821717723  | name : Torturers of Tet  |  description : Knowing that it might be his last stand, ex-Green Beret Sergeant Mark Stryker leads his MPs in a desperate attempt to retain control of the U.S. Embassy in Saigon
 id : 247202 ISBN : 0821756451  | name : Wild Hearts  |  description : A high pair of aces wins Solitaire Claudell full proprietorship of the local gambling saloon and dance hall. The loser is Jubal Champion, who isn't about to give up the saloon so easily. Unaware of the secret Solitaire conceals behind her all-business image, he never dreams that this troublesome woman will ignite a passion to sear his soul.
 id : 247205 ISBN : 1557739412  | name : Heart Strings  |  description : Jailed for her outspoken views on a woman's place in the world, Antonia finds herself strangely attracted to the very man who is holding her captive--town marshal Jake
 id : 247210 ISBN : 1882943155  | name : From the Heart  |  description : From the Heart: Stories of Love and Friendship is a beautiful collection of inspirational stories of real-life men and women from across the nation. Kendall Bell, a journalist by trade, decided to start collecting the stories after the tragic events of September 11th. He felt the nation needed an uplifting book and decided to do his part. Bell sent out thousands of requests by way of newspapers, television and the Internet. The interest in his project and response to his request for stories overwhelmed Bell. After choosing only the best, Bell has put together a touching book that will make you laugh and cry. The stories in From the Heart range from romance to tales of friendship between a man and his dog. The stories compiled in From the Heart will truly warm your heart.
 id : 247211 ISBN : 2070541886  | name : Les Royaumes du Nord  |  description : Réédition. Volume publié en 1998 chez le même éditeur. Premier volume d'une trilogie. Lyra a vécu les onze années de son existence dans un collège d'Oxford. Elle sent qu'elle a un rôle à jouer dans les projets d'exploration d'autres mondes qu'a entrepris son père, Lord Asriel. Tout d'abord, elle participe à une expédition vers le Grand Nord, pour la libération d'enfants enlevés en vue de terrifiantes expériences. Un roman fantastique, ample et original, mettant en scène une nouvelle Alice qui ne s'aventure pas, cette fois, au pays des merveilles. Pour bons lecteurs. Meilleur livre de l'année par le ##Publishers weekly##, Etats-Unis; prix Guardian de la fiction pour la jeunesse, Grande-Bretagne; Carnegie Medal, Grande-Bretagne. [SDM].
 id : 247212 ISBN : 2253054615  | name : La Maharani  |  description : De 1897 à 1947, des mœurs et des traditions de l'Inde ancienne aux soubresauts dramatiques de la guerre et de l'indépendance, la vie d'une femme exceptionnelle : Djaya, princesse du royaume de Balmer. Elevée à la cour comme toutes les maharani l'ont été avant elle, Djaya est capable de chasser le tigre comme de se consacrer avec mille raffinements aux rituels de la vie familiale ou conjugale. Bientôt cependant, le XXe siècle vient bouleverser cet ordre ancien, l'influence de l'Occident se faisant chaque jour plus agressive. Après la mort tragique de son père, le maharaja Jaï Singh, Djaya devra subir la loi d'un mari détestable qui, face à ses amis de l'aristocratie britannique, lui fera jouer le rôle avilissant d'objet exotique jusqu'au jour où, après bien des tragédies, enfin au pouvoir, elle fera le choix de la démocratie en embrassant la cause de Gandhi et Nehru. La veulerie de la majorité des princes indiens devant les Britanniques, le cynisme de ces derniers, le sort lamentable des femmes, tout cela est analysé en même temps que décrit avec une efficacité remarquable. Tout cela s'inscrit dans une suite de descriptions fastueuses qui ressuscite l'Inde de nos rêves. Sans aucun doute le plus beau roman " indien " publié depuis longtemps, et le premier par un Indien (...) On y respire l'Inde, on a les yeux pleins de ses couleurs.
 id : 247213 ISBN : 2266121081  | name : Il était minuit cinq à Bhopal  |  description : 3 décembre 1984. L'ancestrale ville indienne de Bhopal est en fête. C'est la nuit des mariages. Padmini, l'héroïne des bidonvilles, va épouser Dilip. Mais, soudain, à minuit cinq, un foudroyant nuage de gaz toxique s'échappe d'une usine américaine de pesticides construite au cœur de la cité...
 id : 247216 ISBN : 0060913088  | name : Hawksmoor  |  description : Integrating portraits of an eighteenth-century architect and a modern London police inspector, this novel focuses on two men, both undergoing a process of disintegration and both involved in a series of similar murders
 id : 247217 ISBN : 0829811494  | name : Gay and Gaia  |  description : Gay and Gaia is Daniel Spencer's bold, passionate call to rethink sexuality, ecology, and the sacred. Contending that ecological ethics must become the grounding for all ethics, the author asserts that genuine justice requires right relation among all of creation, not simply among human beings. Spencer urges us - gay and straight, bisexual transgendered - to reject a human-centered, anthropocentric worldview in favor of an ecocentric worldview. Yet our responses to the ecological crises need to be rooted in, and nourished by, our appreciation of the erotic. Only when we are able to integrate our sexuality with our spirituality will we fully experience the divine - and fully live out our ethical values.
 id : 247218 ISBN : 1853752797  | name : Cult Fiction  |  description : What makes a novel cult?: drink and drugs; sex and rock 'n' roll?; a window on subcultures?; the ability to tap into the zeitgeist? This book provides an insight into the cult canon assessing 250 authors who have pioneered experiments in style and content, from Kathy Acker and Nelson Algren via Burroughs and Bukowski to Tom Wolfe and Irvine Welsh.
 id : 247219 ISBN : 0880482605  | name : Medical Marriages  |  description : A variety of authors examine the inner workings of the physician's marriage -- the psychological issues and sources of conflict that emerge in the various stages of marriage and family. The authors include notable experts who share their years of clinical experience in helping physicians and their families learn new ways to improve communication, balance the demands of work and family, and grow and change together constructively.
 id : 247221 ISBN : 1585360384  | name : Flatbellies  |  description : The author presents a fictionalized account of his teenage years in a small Oklahoma town where he and his high school friends learned about life and love while trying to reach their seemingly impossible dream of winning a state championship in golf.
 id : 247223 ISBN : 0786811358  | name : Jenius: The Amazing Guinea Pig  |  description : From the author of Babe: The Gallant Pig, a tender tale of a young student and her clever pet.
 id : 247225 ISBN : 1410749029  | name : Step Off the Edge  |  description : Whatever Happened to Mother? traces the loss in human history of the biological nurturing mother that all children expect to have (in terms of their genetic inheritance) at birth. The book challenges the wisdom underlying contemporary infant care and child rearing by addressing such questions as: Are our conventional infant care and child rearing practices detrimental to children's development? Why do so many mothers no longer, or only minimally, mother their children? Why do we believe that nurturing children will spoil them? Why has bottle-feeding replaced nursing as the major way of feeding infants? Why has the abuse of children been tolerated throughout centuries of civilization? Why does our society have so many emotionally and socially deviant individuals? The book is written in a narrative style in simple language, which makes it suitable for older children as well as adults. Underlying the story it tells is Dr. Kimmel's sound knowledge of child development, anthropology, the history of childcare, and the difficulties mothers (and fathers) today face in caring for their children. His message is an invitation to readers to question their own, and our societal, parental practices. 'A wonderfully fresh perspective on the issue of mothering in contemporary society. Everyone should read it.' -Elliott Barker, M.D., Director, The Canadian Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children. 'Dr. Kimmel sheds some new light on the components of a healthy mother-child relationship, in a book that is easy to read, yet packed with sound theory and rationale.' -Exerpt fron a book review. Reprinted with permission from the Nuturing Parent (November 1993 issue) -- An international newsletter supporting attachment-continuum parenting. P.O. Box 6191, Bismarck, ND 58506. 'There is a rare book about families that I can agree with 100% and this one is it!' -Jeannine Parvati Baker in an excerpt from a book review. Reprinted with permission from the Pre and Perinatal Psychology Journal, Spring, 1995. Reviewed by Jeannine Parvati Baker, author of Prenatal Yoga & Natural Birth, Hygieia: A Woman's Herbal and, with Frederick Baker, Conscious Conception: Elemental Journey Through The Labyrinth Of Sexuality. 'Kimmel's easy to read style, simple language and uncomplicated presentation makes this a book that could be read not only by parents, but by growing teenagers. He touches on thoughts and ideas that many nurturing parents have, but seldom see in print.' -Marnie Ko, Editor and Publisher, Nurturing Magazine
 id : 247233 ISBN : 0671876295  | name : The Unconquerable  |  description : The Unconquerable continues the amplified history of the Bolo--an almost indestructible, nearly unstoppable tank controlled by a sophisticated artificial intelligence. These stories by S.M. Stirling, William R. Forstchen, Christopher Stasheff, Shirley Meier, Todd Johnson and more tell of the faithful and tireless protectors of the human race: the Bolos.
 id : 247234 ISBN : 0803717377  | name : The Story of the Milky Way  |  description : When cornmeal is stolen from an elderly couple, the others in a Cherokee village find a way to drive off the thief, creating the Milky Way in the process.
 id : 247235 ISBN : 0962756245  | name : Adventuring With Children  |  description : Tips for travel and outdoor recreation with children. Foster family bonding and create lasting memories through travel adventures.
 id : 247236 ISBN : 0380718146  | name : Farewell to the Flesh  |  description : Transplanted American writer Urbino McIntyre and his friend, Barbara, Contessa da Capo-Zendrini, return to Venice during Carnevale to solve a pair of murders
 id : 247237 ISBN : 091988802X  | name : Taxi!  |  description : "This is the great plotless Vancouver novel. Shannon drives a cab over the course of two years, 1971 and 1972. That's it. But Potrebenko has given Shannon this amazing point of view and unforgettable voice through which she relates to the city and the people who pass through it."--Goodreads
 id : 247238 ISBN : 0374524653  | name : Lytton Strachey  |  description : "A triumphant success. . . . His prose is confident, clear . . . occasionally perfect." -Dennis Potter, "The Times" (London)
 id : 247240 ISBN : 076791404x  | name : She's Not There  |  description : The exuberant memoir of a man named James who became a woman named Jenny.She’s Not Thereis the story of a person changing genders, the story of a person bearing and finally revealing a complex secret; above all, it is a love story. By turns funny and deeply moving, Jennifer Finney Boylan explores the remarkable territory that lies between men and women, examines changing friendships, and rejoices in the redeeming power of family.She’s Not Thereis a portrait of a loving marriage—the love of James for his wife, Grace, and, against all odds, the enduring love of Grace for the woman who becomes her “sister,” Jenny. To this extraordinary true story, Boylan brings the humorous, fresh voice that won her accolades as one of the best comic novelists of her generation. With her distinctive and winning perspective,She’s Not Thereexplores the dramatic outward changes and unexpected results of life as a woman: Jenny fights the urge to eat salad, while James consumed plates of ribs; gone is the stability of “one damn mood, all the damn time.” While Boylan’s own secret was unusual, to say the least, she captures the universal sense of feeling uncomfortable, out of sorts with the world, and misunderstood by her peers. Jenny is supported on her journey by her best friend, novelist Richard Russo, who goes from begging his friend to “Be a man” (in every sense of the word) to accepting her as an attractive, buoyant woman. “The most unexpected thing,” Russo writes in his Afterword to the book, “is in how Jenny’s story we recognize our shared humanity.” As James evolves into Jennifer in scenes that are by turns tender, startling, and witty, a marvelously human perspective emerges on issues of love, sex, and the fascinating relationship between our physical and our intuitive selves. Through the clear eyes of a truly remarkable woman,She’s Not Thereprovides a new window on the often confounding process of accepting ourselves.
 id : 247242 ISBN : 0892964650  | name : The Copper Peacock, and Other Stories  |  description : Nine stories of psychological suspense plunge into the hidden depths of ordinary events when the death of a cat changes someone's life, and a scholar receives a mysterious gift from the woman he is obsessed with
 id : 247245 ISBN : 0380757311  | name : Silver Splendor  |  description : Elizabeth Hastings, a free-thinking American artist, seethes with fury when arrogant Lord Nicholas Ware criticizes her lifestyle then offers to make her his mistress, but despite her anger she cannot deny her passion for the handsome British aristocrat
 id : 247247 ISBN : 0451408373  | name : Devil's Diamond  |  description : Set along the fog-shadowed streets of Victorian London, Constance Laux's latest historical romance pairs two lovers in an adventure filled with escalating danger and rising desire. Hoping for news of her missing father, Lucy Barnstable admits a stranger to her London boarding house. He is the most handsome man she has ever seen--and so badly wounded he cannot remember his own name. But in his possession is an ancient stone seal that matches one owned by her father.
 id : 247248 ISBN : 0804117586  | name : Night in Eden  |  description : Bryony Wentworth's life is shattered when she is unjustly accused and sentenced to indentured servitude in New South Wales. She wants no part of the man who would save her, Captain Hayden St. John. But the mother in her cannot turn away from Hayden's needy infant and the woman in her cannot deny her passion for the man she is bound to serve.
 id : 247249 ISBN : 0821742167  | name : Desert Heat  |  description : Fleeing a stuffy life in New York high society, Jayne Worthington joins forces with the bastard son of a Highlands laird to book passage on a ship bound for the Mediterranean and finds herself falling for the handsome stranger. Original.
 id : 247250 ISBN : 0843932430  | name : Viking Passion  |  description : A sensitive Viking warrior is given all of his hated brother's rewards from the looting of a Saxon village and vows to refuse all of it until he discovers that the booty included the lovely Lenora. Original.
 id : 247251 ISBN : 0375759689  | name : The Cooking Club Cookbook  |  description : Explains how to start and organize a cooking club and provides more than seventy recipes and menu suggestions.
 id : 247252 ISBN : 0500976147  | name : World Press Photo 2002  |  description : Every year since 1955 an international jury has convened under the auspices of the World Press Photo Foundation to choose the finest press photographs of the year for what is now universally recognized as the definitive competition for photographic reporting. Stunningly reproduced, here are the most haunting and inspiring photographs from 2001 - over 180 pictures submitted by photojournalists, picture agencies, newspapers and magazines throughout the world. These prize-winning photos capture the most powerful, moving and sometimes disturbing events of the year.
 id : 247253 ISBN : 0500976236  | name : World Press Photo 03  |  description : Presents the results of the forty-sixth annual World Press Photo Contest, featuring over 160 photographs submitted by photojournalists and news sources around the world that have been judged to be the best of 2002.
 id : 247254 ISBN : 0970559100  | name : Memories of the Old Plantation Home  |  description : Details the daily life and major events of the inhabitants, both free and slave of her plantation.
 id : 247257 ISBN : 0312312873  | name : Spin Sisters  |  description : Publisher Description
 id : 247258 ISBN : 0785263950  | name : In, But Not of  |  description : Hugh Hewitt has worked for and with people in some of the most powerful and influential positions in the country. He knows what is required to reach and thrive in such positions, and in this book he shares some of that valuable, hard-won knowledge. In, But Not Of provides readers with valuable insights, wisdom, personal experiences, and advice on how to rise in the world and achieve the kind of radical success that honors God.
 id : 247259 ISBN : 1888387408  | name : Little Bits of Wisdom  |  description : Written by real parents, Little Bits of Wisdom is a world-wide compilation of parenting tips and advice on such topics as sleeping, feeding, potty training, teething, and discipline. The book also includes thoughts on more profound and heartfelt subjects, such as family traditions and rituals, marriage, values, love, and self-esteem.
 id : 247260 ISBN : 0896083535  | name : Talking Back  |  description : Essays discuss homophobia, everyday feminism, the portrayal of women in films, autobiography, Black women writers, and white supremacy
 id : 247262 ISBN : 0394749170  | name : Body Sense  |  description : Features instructive stop-action photographs and explains how to locate harmful tension in the body and how to allieviate it
 id : 247263 ISBN : 0517478595  | name : The Portable Walt Whitman  |  description : When Walt Whitman self-published Leaves of Grass in 1855 it was a slim volume of twelve poems and he was a journalist and poet from Long Island, little-known but full of ambition and poetic fire. To give a new voice to the new nation shaken by civil war, he spent his entire life revising and adding to the work, but his initial act of bravado in answering Ralph Waldo Emerson's call for a national poet has made Whitman the quintessential American writer. This rich cross-section of his work includes poems from throughout Whitman's lifetime as published on his deathbed edition of 1891, short stories, his prefaces to the many editions of Leaves of Grass, and a variety of prose selections, including Democratic Vistas, Specimen Days, and Slang in America.
 id : 247264 ISBN : 0786706503  | name : Beyond the Grave  |  description : The bestselling author of The McCone Files teams up with the creator of the "Nameless Detective" for a collaborative mystery that bridges the San Franciscos of 1894 and 1986. Muller and Pronzini masterfully parallel the investigations of turn-of-the-century detective Quincannon and Chicana amateur sleuth Elena Oliverez.
 id : 247266 ISBN : 0786004797  | name : Replica  |  description : Dr. Alfred Eberhard is renowned in his field of chromosome research. He is obsessed with keeping his genius alive long after his death. In his private laboratory, he has brought his dream of immortality to life--by creating the perfect clone, his exact genetic replica down to the last, chilling detail. "Orin" is the dead ringer of his creator--a child prodigy born with the same brilliant capacity to continue in his father's fiendish research. They are alike in every way. Except for one terrifying difference. Orin has a diabolical mind all his own. And soon, the doctor will come face to face with his own worst enemy.
 id : 247267 ISBN : 0875962564  | name : Your Family Will Love It!  |  description : Offers recipes and nutrition tips for providing family meals for picky eaters
 id : 247272 ISBN : 0441892604  | name : The Winds of Darkover  |  description : It was her tenth birthday on Isis. By Earth years, she would be sixteen. But Olwen Pendennis had never been to Earth. She had been born on Isis. And since her parents' death, she had lived there alone, manning the Isis Light -- a "lighthouse" in space designed to aid ships and to bring settlers from Earth. And now, on the day of her tenth year, the settlers are coming at last. Olwen is ready to welcome them, but are they ready for her? She was once human, like them. But the harsh climate of the alien planet has changed her, transformed her into something else -- something the settlers could never be prepared for . . .
 id : 247273 ISBN : 0140134212  | name : House of Glass  |  description : Final volume in quartet of novels set in the Indonesia of Dutch colonialism.
 id : 247277 ISBN : 0060008350  | name : The Shadows of Power  |  description : Lieutenant Ed Stovic, an F/A-18 pilot, is vectored to intercept Algerians who are defending their newly claimed two-hundred-mile territorial limit. During a dramatic, high-stakes dogfight, the Algerians open fire and Stovic shoots down one of the Algerians' MiGs, its pilot tumbling to a fiery death in the Mediterranean. Stovic is hailed as a hero, and he sees this as the perfect moment to help him achieve his life-long dream -- flying with the world-famous Blue Angels, the Navy's elite flight demonstration team. Ismael Nezzar, the brother of the deceased Algerian pilot, is in the U.S. on a student visa. He sees the boastful Stovic on the Today show and is enraged by his glibness. While attending his brother's funeral -- the biggest event in Algeria in a decade -- Ismael is coerced by a group of Islamic radicals to seek revenge for his brother's death. Though he withdrew from the powerful group years before, Ismael is filled with fury and will stop at nothing to destroy Stovic. Unknown to either of these two men, Kent Rathman has been assigned by a highly placed government official to watch them. Working in the shadows, Rat moves easily among government agencies and is ordered by his White House contacts -- including the President and the NSA director, who has plans to bring about a change of power on her own -- to stop the Algerian. To save his country and his friend, Rat must devise a brilliant counterstrike -- a mission in which failure means certain death. Packed with deadly intrigue, Beltway power plays, and high-flying adventure, The Shadows of Power is Huston's most exciting novel yet. Combining his knowledge of how things work in Washington with his expertise on military hardware, Huston has written an electrifyingly realistic tale of international terrorism and American triumph.
 id : 247278 ISBN : 0671013939  | name : The Assistant  |  description : The life of young Washington lawyer Ben Poltarek is shattered as a dying special agent draws Ben into the secret world of the "Assistants"--American Jews placing their skills and lives in service to Israel. Now Ben is pursued by Arab assassins, manipulated by agents of the infamous Mossad, and targeted by his own government.
 id : 247279 ISBN : 0805060251  | name : Easy Money  |  description : For the readers who put Deja Dead at the top, a gritty, gratifying debut. Just off Bainbridge Island, in early evening, a former top-ranking CIA officer mysteriously drowns. . . . In Key West, a drug-runner is found with a bullet lodged in his skull. . . . And outside of Seattle a young woman arrives in a dimly-lit bar to pick up a computer disk wrapped in a white handkerchief. Moments later, she stumbles upon the body of her contact, dead in the bathroom. To Allie Kerry, the pickup was no more than a business arrangement--no hassles, no strings--easy money. Suddenly Allie is on the run. Someone is setting her up to take the fall. Someone who knows what's on the disk. Someone who will stop at nothing to conceal the evidence of a horrific crime. Reaching back to uncover a brilliantly concealed operation during the Vietnam War, ducking into drug dens, spiraling through seedy strip joints, and blazing across the country, Jenny Siler weaves a devastating tale of death and deception in her dazzling debut.
 id : 247280 ISBN : 0875847706  | name : The Art of Possibility  |  description : In their playing you hear not only precision, color and balance, but thunder, lightning and the language of the heart. This is what the Boston Globe said about a performance by conductor Benjamin Zander with the Boston Philharmonic Orchestra, but it could apply equally to the Zanders' inspirational book, the product of a synthesis of the diverse worlds of the symphony orchestra and cutting-edge psychology. The Art of Possibility offers a set of breakthrough practices for creativity in all human enterprises. Infused with the energy of their dynamic partnership, the book joins together Ben's extraordinary talent as a mover and shaker, teacher, and communicator, with Rosamund Stone Zander's genius for creating innovative paradigms for personal and professional fulfillment. In lively counterpoint, the authors provide us with a deep sense of the powerful role that the notion of possibility can play in every aspect of our lives. The Zanders' deceptively simple practices are based on two premises: that life is composed as a story ("it's all invented") and that, with new definitions, much more is possible than people ordinarily think. The book shifts our perspective with uplifting stories, parables, and anecdotes from the authors' personal experiences as well as from famous and everyday heroes. From "Giving an A," to the mysterious "Rule Number 6," to "Leading from Any Chair"-the account of Ben's stunning realization that the conductor/leader's power is directly linked to how much greatness he is willing to grant to others-each practice offers an opportunity for personal and organizational transformation. The Art of Possibility provides a life-altering approach to fulfilling dreams large and small. The Zanders invite us all to become passionate communicators, leaders, and performers whose lives radiate possibility into the world. Rosamund Stone Zander is a family therapist and a landscape painter. Benjamin Zander is the conductor of the Boston Philharmonic Orchestra and a professor at the New England Conservatory of Music. Based on the principles developed through the authors' unique partnership, Mr. Zander gives presentations to managers and executives around the world and Ms. Zander conducts workshops for organizations on practicing the art of possibility.
 id : 247281 ISBN : 0684834154  | name : Leaving Alva  |  description : A literary gem about a woman on a journey of self-discovery who finds that freedom has as many risks as it does rewards, "Leaving Alva" is one of the most beguiling debut novels of the season. Aching for someone to make her feel safe, Chloe embarks on an odyssey that is filled with wonderfully realized characters and stark, stunning insights.
 id : 247284 ISBN : 0062737465  | name : Healthy Child, Whole Child  |  description : As more and more Americans and their doctors seek alternative approaches to health care, isn't it time we offer our children the benefits of integrative medicine? Written by two conventionally trained physicians, Healthy Child, Whole Child offers a new generation of parents the best of modern medicine and scientifically proven alternatives to aid their children's physical, emotional, and psychological health. Included are treatment strategies for the most common childhood diseases, sound advice about everything from television watching to herbal remedies, and the latest information on many of the hot-button issues -- including vaccines, antibiotics, and diet -- that have arisen in the past decade. Filled with compassion, common sense, and the knowledge of two experienced physicians (and parents) who understand the importance of treating the whole child, this book reflects the changing face of modern medicine. It is an invaluable resource for mothers and fathers who want the best for their children today, tomorrow, and for years to come. Healthy Child Whole Child offers the most up-to-date mix of conventional and alternative advice for parents, including: The 6 myths (and one true statement) about vaccinations The 10 powerhouse foods for your kids The 7 questions you need, to ask to find out if your child is overweight The 16 herbs that are safe and effective for children How to receive more integrative care from your current pediatrician
 id : 247285 ISBN : 0440413737  | name : Frozen Stiff  |  description : What begins as a two-night camping and kayaking trek in the untamed Alaskan wilderness turns into a test of survival for Cody and her cousin Derek. While their mothers are in Juneau picking up supplies for Yakutat Lodge, the cousins sneak off in an old pickup. The taste of freedom is soon tainted when Cody's kayak is lost on the rising tide, washing away her life vest and precious supplies. With only each other for support, the cousins face hunger and their fears of the unknown region of Southeast Alaska. As an advancing glacier floods the remote fjord, Cody and Derek find themselves facing menacing waves, immense icebergs, and wild animals. A sense that someone is following them adds to the formidable danger.
 id : 247286 ISBN : 0307126293  | name : Little Critter at Scout Camp  |  description : Little Critter makes friends and has fun at scout camp.
 id : 247287 ISBN : 0060808128  | name : Emily Post on Weddings  |  description : This revised and completely up-to-date edition of the classic how-to book guides readers through the entire wedding process--from the engagement to the thank-you notes--with helpful advice on budgeting, religious traditions, invitations, receiving lines, and more. Line drawings. Index.
 id : 247289 ISBN : 0373035535  | name : Undercover Baby  |  description : Undercover Baby by Rebecca Winters released on Mar 25, 1999 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247293 ISBN : 0440949777  | name : The Long Secret  |  description : Harriet the Spy is back with her friend Beth Ellen and a whole new case to solve. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 247297 ISBN : 0664326935  | name : The Pirates of Deadman's Cay  |  description : Sailing to the outer islands of the Bahamas in search of sunken treasure, a high school senior and his father tangle with pirates.
 id : 247298 ISBN : 0671677128  | name : Light a Single Candle  |  description : When fourteen-year-old Cathy Wheeler's operation for glaucoma fails, she faces the problem of adjusting to blindness.
 id : 247301 ISBN : 1556616686  | name : One Small Miracle  |  description : A teacher's gift of love makes a profound impact on one of her struggling students in this heartwarming story. Mary Bartel is a child who seems beyond hope of helping, but Sophie Lawson's heart is moved to try to make a difference. This deeply moving story will inspire readers to consider the people God has brought into their lives.
 id : 247302 ISBN : 0486299422  | name : The Complete John Silence Stories  |  description : Six tales of horror from a master craftsman: "A Psychical Invasion," "Ancient Sorceries," "Secret Worship," "The Nemesis of Fire," "The Camp of God," and "A Victim of Higher Space."
 id : 247304 ISBN : 0440324386  | name : Fathers Playing Catch with Sons  |  description : Describes the author's experiences playing and watching baseball, examines sports writers, and discusses basketball, football, and ping pong
 id : 247305 ISBN : 014037423X  | name : A Whole New Ball Game  |  description : Describes the activities of the members of the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League, the women's professional baseball league that existed between 1943 and 1954.
 id : 247308 ISBN : 0373255985  | name : C.J.'s Defense  |  description : A New York Times Bestselling AuthorTess knows that Nick isn't the right guy for her. He's caviar and champagne, she's Chinese take-out. He's an uptight Republican lawyer, she was raised in a commune. He wants to get ahead, she just wants him - the sweet un-buttoned-down Nick. And Nick wants her, too. But there's no way Tess is going to play second fiddle to his obsession to make partner. Yet she finds herself agreeing to play his fiancie for a business weekend that could make or break his career.
 id : 247310 ISBN : 0373762380  | name : Cinderella's Tycoon  |  description : Cinderella's Tycoon by Caroline Cross released on Jul 23, 1999 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247312 ISBN : 0394831993  | name : The Bad Dreams of a Good Girl  |  description : Fourth-grader Lotty has problems with her family and her friends at school.
 id : 247313 ISBN : 0425147738  | name : Good Night, Sweet Prince  |  description : The defection of a Bolshoi dancer draws Bonnie Indermill into the backstage bickerings and administrative maneuverings of a ballet company where deadly rivalries and private neuroses culminate in murder
 id : 247315 ISBN : 0449002357  | name : Eye of the Beholder  |  description : Eighth graders Tyler and Lymie mastermind a hoax in which they imitate the sculptures of a famous artist who once lived in their town, but they find themselves in big trouble when their work is accepted as genuine by art critics.
 id : 247316 ISBN : 0449704408  | name : Angie  |  description : Sixteen-year-old Angie, a bright, pretty teenager with a learning disability, feels that her handicap makes her different from the other kids at school, until Steven, a neighbor and the cutest guy in school, begins to pay attention to her. Original.
 id : 247320 ISBN : 055324535X  | name : Winning the West  |  description : As the Civil War rages in the East, crack Confederate troops march westward to seize Union outposts along the Rio Grande, and only a band of roughriders, led by the legendary Kit Carson, stands against them
 id : 247321 ISBN : 0671639455  | name : Tank Sergeant  |  description : Colorful and spellbinding, this is the combat autobiography of Sergeant Ralph "Zippo" Zumbro and the rarely told story of tank warfare in Vietnam. Zumbro's unit was the most highly decorated of the war, and his story is gripping reading for those interested in the Vietnam war and military nonfiction.
 id : 247323 ISBN : 0679833749  | name : Point Guard  |  description : Jackie Willis hopes to convince the coach of the basketball team in Angel Park that she can play as well as the boys.
 id : 247325 ISBN : 0821714600  | name : Ecstasy's Paradise  |  description : Phillip Bradford tries to fight the forbidden desire he feels for Anna Thorson, the Swedish beauty he is hired to escort to her future husband
 id : 247326 ISBN : 0821715402  | name : Defiant Embrace  |  description : Raven-haired Mirella is terrified when Jason Fletcher, a bold sea captain, bids on her at the tavern auction, but before she can protest, his sensuous caresses dispel her fear
 id : 247327 ISBN : 0821717138  | name : Wild Embrace  |  description : Beautiful Marisa falls in love with handsome Frenchman Nicholas Pomfrey, who has sworn never to marry, and follows him into the dangerous Louisiana wilderness
 id : 247330 ISBN : 0883013231  | name : The Swiss Family Robinson  |  description : Motivate students with our best-selling series of high-interest selections This best-selling series motivates students with high-interest selections at a higher readability level Emphasis is on reading nonfiction Critical thinking questions prepare students for state and national tests Critical Reading, a perennial favorite for middle school and high school students of all ability levels, fascinates with astounding and intriguing stories of real-life adventure. Comprehension questions reinforce literal understanding, while critical thinking questions encourage students to consider the author's purpose, make inferences, identify cause and effect, and make predictions. The entire series is designed to reinforce state reading standards. The selections in the Critical Reading series are at the highest level of readability in our triple-threat offering which also includes The Real Deal and The Wild Side.> Reading Level 6-8 Interest Level 6-12
 id : 247331 ISBN : 089872211X  | name : Whitney  |  description : A biography of Whitney Houston.
 id : 247334 ISBN : 1585421073  | name : In Search of the Medicine Buddha  |  description : Recounts the memoirs of an American practitioner of Chinese medicine, who traveled to Katmandu to study under such teachers as a Lama-physician, an Ayurvedic physician, an alchemist, and a yogi before opening clinics to treat anyone who needed help. Reprint.
 id : 247335 ISBN : 0345392698  | name : The Perfectionists  |  description : On vacation in Majorca with John, her husband, and Robin, his illegitimate son, Dane begins to see their marriage in a completely new light.
 id : 247337 ISBN : 0446672661  | name : Portrait of Picasso as a Young Man  |  description : One of America's greatest living authors probes the soul and explosive early years of the passionate, driven Pablo Picasso, whose genius was celebrated as rogue, insatiable lover, and conquistador ready for new battles. of color photos.
 id : 247338 ISBN : 0863695930  | name : The Encyclopedia of Film  |  description : This encyclopaedia covers the careers of over 3000 actors, directors, writers and producers. Classic names from the 1920s and 1930s receive full coverage, but the main emphasis of the book is on the post-war period, including the emerging generation of film-makers in the 1980s and 1990s.
 id : 247339 ISBN : 0316031038  | name : Jo's Boys  |  description : In the culmination of the Little Women stories, Jo's Boys depicts the girls and boys of Plumfield as young men and women who are facing problems and seeking happiness in life. The original twelve boys are scattered, but all come wandering back from the four corners of the earth to tell their stories and reminisce over the pleasures of the past.
 id : 247341 ISBN : 074341702X  | name : The Wonder of Girls  |  description : Parenting guide.
 id : 247344 ISBN : 1889613010  | name : Organon of the Medical Art  |  description : Conventional Western Medicine attempts to cure disease by opposing and suppressing its most obvious symptoms. Homeopathic medicine treats the whole patient, using minute doses of medicines which stimulate the patient's own life force.
 id : 247345 ISBN : 8477272204  | name : Vals  |  description : Gabriel Ferrater afirmava el 1958 en una carta a José María Valverde que “Vals” (1935) era l’única novel·la catalana veritablement ben escrita, l’equivalent en prosa del que Carner havia estat en poesia («una cosa així com Carner posat en prosa»). Però, a més a més, “Vals” és també el resultat de l’esforç per fer una novel·la més pròpia del nostre segle que no pas deutora dels estàndards del precedent. Allunyada del realisme del segle XIX, se’ns mostra encara als nostres dies amb el valor no caducat de la modernitat. El 1936 li va ser concedit el premi Crexells.
 id : 247346 ISBN : 080506723X  | name : Desert Burial  |  description : Nuclear waste, Africa, and the new world order conjoin in a literary thriller that announces a new talent of startling proportions. Mali, northwest Africa, the near future. The Sahara is ravaged by internecine warfare. Ty Campbell, an American geologist living in Mali, spends his days on the conflict's periphery, dowsing for water and trying to forget his murdered wife. When Lila, an aid worker near emotional collapse, leads a human convoy of African refugees into Mali's badlands, Ty's solitude is shattered, but his conscience is reawakened. In a desperate bid to save the refugees, Ty and Lila are forced into a Faustian pact with Bud van Sickle, the smiling face of Timbuktu Earthwealth, a powerful multinational corporation competing for the lucrative privilege of ridding the planet of its nuclear waste. Van Sickle's solution? Bury it beneath the land Lila's refugees have claimed. Pressed into reluctant service by Timbuktu Earthwealth, Ty is shuttled from commando training centers in Virginia to technocratic councils in Vienna to the jungles of the Congo. As the stakes escalate and Mali's growing civil war threatens to consume Lila and her refugee camp, Ty finds himself at the center of a ruinous conspiracy of global proportions.
 id : 247348 ISBN : 1565611489  | name : Hear what You've Been Missing  |  description : In Coping with Hearing Loss, audiologist Donna Wayner takes readers step-by-step through recognition of a problem, diagnosis, possible solutions, even early prevention and protection.
 id : 247349 ISBN : 0897333659  | name : The Young Visiters  |  description : This, "the greatest novel written by a nine-year-old, " had been in print in Britain since the '20s, but had been out of print in the U.S. for 35 years. It has two hilarious themes: love and social climbing.
 id : 247350 ISBN : 0880299428  | name : Tales of O. Henry  |  description : Sixty-two stories including The gift of the magi, Mammon and the archer, The ransom of Mack.
 id : 247351 ISBN : 0689821085  | name : Buying Time  |  description : Pounding nails in the summer heat was the last thing Miranda had in mind when she left home a month ago. But she also never expected to see Kirsten again. . . .
 id : 247352 ISBN : 1881955230  | name : Home Planners Gold  |  description : 200 0f our finest home plans in full color.
 id : 247353 ISBN : 0393046990  | name : Single Again  |  description : "Single Again" offers newly single women practical, upbeat guidance on how toadapt successfully to life on their own.
 id : 247354 ISBN : 0425181618  | name : Fault Lines  |  description : Short stories covering all facets of divorce.
 id : 247355 ISBN : 0898861411  | name : Two Wheels & a Taxi  |  description : The author recounts her experiences traveling by bicycle in Ecuador and shares her observations on the local people and their culture
 id : 247358 ISBN : 0684867745  | name : In Praise of Public Life  |  description : Argues that the boundaries between public and private life must be restored in order for political leaders to regain the respect and support they deserve.
 id : 247359 ISBN : 0025173251  | name : Manchild in the Promised Land  |  description : With candor and passion Claude Brown records life in the Harlem ghetto as he experienced it
 id : 247360 ISBN : 0028620585  | name : Is it Too Late to Run Away and Join the Circus?  |  description : Offers individuals dissatisfied with their current job quizzes and checklists for determining their skills and interests, and tells how to invest in oneself.
 id : 247362 ISBN : 0060551895  | name : Transformations of Myth Through Time  |  description : A collection of thirteen lectures, all given near the end of Joseph Campbell's life, that examine the great sweep of mythological development around the world and across the ages.
 id : 247363 ISBN : 0062502123  | name : When Money is the Drug  |  description : Identifies self-defeating money styles, explains how society encourages these patterns, and shows how to overcome compulsive and addictive money behavior
 id : 247364 ISBN : 0385266359  | name : A Fire in the Mind  |  description : A comprehensive blography of mythologist, teacher, and storyteller Joseph Campbell, based on heretofore untapped primary sources. It is destined to stand next to Campbell's own classics as essential reading for his legions of fans and admirers.
 id : 247365 ISBN : 0446517097  | name : Flight of the Buffalo  |  description : Offers a detailed new leadership model for companies in the 1990s, one in which the employees, not the CEO, assume the responsibilities of leadership. By the author of Teaching the Elephant to Dance.
 id : 247366 ISBN : 0517060205  | name : The Dictionary of Clichés  |  description : Over 2,000 common or amusing cliches, their meanings and origins.
 id : 247367 ISBN : 0688041140  | name : Dr Weisinger Anger W  |  description : Ways That Dr. Weisinger's Anger Work-out Book Will Work for You: Gives you better health Improves your self-esteem Helps you develop healthy, intimate, and trustworthy relationships Increases your work efficiency Makes you a more effective parent Improves your sex life Increases your problem solving abilities Puts you in charge of your emotions Gives you better communication skills Reduces stress Teaches you how to deal effectively with your feelings Increases your daily energy level Eliminates self-defeating behavior Enhances your family life
 id : 247368 ISBN : 0761522212  | name : The Pre-Paid Legal Story  |  description : In 1972 Harland Stonecipher came face to face with the high price of justice when an accident he was involved in found its way into the courts. Even though the accident was not his fault, the staggering costs of legal protection nearly destroyed him financially. This traumatic experience planted the seeds of a vision that would eventually become Pre-Paid Legal Services Inc., the revolutionary network marketing company that is making justice affordable to all through an ingenious legal insurance plan.In The Pre-Paid Legal Story, Stonecipher gives readers the inside account of his company's dramatic beginnings and incredible growth. He shows how Pre-Paid Legal is changing not only our system of justice but also the lives of thousands of people who have discovered a unique business opportunity. In addition, readers will learn how the company gives average citizens access to top lawyers for as little as $15 a month, is positioning itself for rapid growth, and attracts entrepreneurs from lucrative professions.
 id : 247371 ISBN : 0814450598  | name : Danger in the Comfort Zone  |  description : Discusses the productivity crisis, and how complacency in American businesses threatens to destroy some of our most prestigious organizations
 id : 247375 ISBN : 1559722630  | name : Pink Highways  |  description : Lane recounts stories of his travels from the Pacific Northwest to North Africa.
 id : 247376 ISBN : 0060530103  | name : The Grandmothers  |  description : With the four short novels in this collection, Doris Lessing once again proves that she is unrivalled in her ability to capture the truth of the human condition. The Grandmothers Two women, close friends, fall in love with each other's teenage sons, and these passions last for years, until the women end them, promising a respectable old age. Victoria and the Staveneys A poor black girl has a baby with the son of a liberal middle-class family and finds that her little girl is slowly being absorbed into the world of white privilege and becoming estranged from her. The Reason for It Certain to appeal to fans of Shikasta and Memoirs of a Survivor, it describes the birth, flourishing, and decline of a culture long, long ago, but with many modern echoes. A Love Child A soldier in World War II, during the dangerous voyage to India around the Cape, falls in love on shore leave and remains convinced that a love child resulted from the wartime romance.
 id : 247379 ISBN : 0020209606  | name : Never Alone  |  description : Talking about women who live alone because of divorce, the death of a mate, or because they never married, the author shows how being alone can precipitate personal and spiritual growth
 id : 247380 ISBN : 0020420900  | name : Paul Revere  |  description : Using simple language that beginning readers can understand, this lively, inspiring, and believable biography looks at the childhood of patriot Paul Revere.
 id : 247382 ISBN : 0027058573  | name : Crinkleroot's Guide to Knowing the Birds  |  description : Why watch birds? Crinkleroot shows why in this basic beginner's guide unlike any other. In addition to illustrations of birds to identify, there are charts explaining the parts of a bird, how a bird grows, how to tell males and females, how to find birds, and how to attract them to your neighborhood. Full-color illustrations.
 id : 247383 ISBN : 0027081605  | name : My Sister Says  |  description : In 1850's New York City, two sisters fantasize about the gifts their sailor father might bring home if he sailed to exotic places.
 id : 247384 ISBN : 0027381412  | name : Teddy Bears at the Seaside  |  description : Five teddy bears and their dog enjoy a variety of activities at the seashore.
 id : 247385 ISBN : 0027478459  | name : What Will Mommy Do when I'm at School?  |  description : A child worries about how her mother will cope at home on her own while she is at school.
 id : 247387 ISBN : 0027746550  | name : Tooth-Gnasher Superflash  |  description : The Popsnorkle family test-drives the Tooth-Gnasher Superflash.
 id : 247388 ISBN : 0027811700  | name : City Green  |  description : A collection of poems describing the experiences of two children growing up in the city.
 id : 247390 ISBN : 0030285860  | name : Mia, Grandma and the Genie  |  description : Mia comes to understand her grandmother's friendship with her household items, nature, and the ugly genie in the earthenware jar.
 id : 247391 ISBN : 0060176555  | name : Homebody  |  description : From a beloved and bestselling master of speculative fiction comes this chilling tale of a soulful loner who must overcome demons from his past -- and the demons he unwittingly unleashes -- when he starts renovating a faded Southern mansion. As Homebody eloquently proves, no contemporary writer outshines Orson Scott Card in crafting unlikely heroes or in suffusing the everyday world with an otherworldly glow. Don Lark's cheery name belies his tragic past. When his alcoholic ex-wife killed their daughter in a car wreck, he retreated from the sort of settled, sociable lifestyle one takes for granted. Only the prospect of putting a roof over other people's heads seems to comfort Lark, and he goes from town to town, looking for dilapidated houses he can buy, restore and resell at a profit. In Greensboro, North Carolina, Lark finds his biggest challenge yet -- a huge, sturdy, gorgeous shell that's suffered almost a century of abuse at the hands of greedy landlords and transient tenants. As he sinks his teeth into this new project, Lark's new neighborhood starts to work its charms on him. He strikes up a romance with the wry real estate agent who sold him the house. His neighbors, two charming, chatty old ladies, ply him endlessly with delicious Southern cooking. Even Sylvie, the squatter Lark was once desperate to evict from the old house, is now growing on him. But when Lark unearths an old tunnel in the cellar, the house's enchantments start to turn ominous. Sylvie turns cantankerous, even dangerous. There's still a steady supply of food from next door, but it now comes laced with increasingly passionate pleas for Lark to vacate the house at once. In short, everybody seems to want to get rid of him. Whether this is for his own good or theirs, Lark digs in his heels for reasons even he's not sure of. He embarks on a struggle for his life -- and his friends'-- against a house with a past even more tragic than his own. If Lark wins, he gets the kind of home and community he's always dreamed of. If he loses, all is lost....
 id : 247392 ISBN : 0060201762  | name : Captains of the City Streets  |  description : Two tramp cats searching for a place of their own discover the Cat Club but are not easily induced to join.
 id : 247393 ISBN : 006020883X  | name : The Golly Sisters Go West  |  description : May-May and Rose, the singing, dancing Golly sisters, travel west by covered wagon, entertaining people along the way.
 id : 247394 ISBN : 0060224835  | name : The Horse in Harry's Room  |  description : Although no one else could see it, Harry was very pleased to have a horse in his room.
 id : 247395 ISBN : 0060236744  | name : Little Chick's Breakfast  |  description : Little Chick becomes hungrier and hungier and more and more impatient as she watches all the other barynyard animals getting their breakfast before she gets hers.
 id : 247396 ISBN : 0060238003  | name : Alan and Naomi  |  description : In New York of the 1940's a boy tries to befriend a girl traumatized by Nazi brutality in France.
 id : 247398 ISBN : 0060242019  | name : The Grandma Mix-up  |  description : Young Pip doesn't know what to do when two very different grandmothers come to baby sit, each with her own way of doing things.
 id : 247399 ISBN : 0060253622  | name : A Dolphin Named Bob  |  description : A very sick dolphin is nursed back to health by the staff of a marine aquarium and years later has a baby that becomes the star of the show there.
 id : 247400 ISBN : 0060257342  | name : The Monster in the Third Dresser Drawer and Other Stories about Adam Joshua  |  description : In a series of episodes, a young boy must cope with a move to a new town, a new baby sister, a new tooth, a baby-sitter, and his Great-Aunt Emily.
 id : 247402 ISBN : 0060972297  | name : Scandinavian Humor & Other Myths  |  description : Filled with jokes, quizzes, anecdotes, stories, and illustrations to amuse Nordics and others, on topics ranging from how to tell Scandinavians apart to the best in Swedish insults
 id : 247403 ISBN : 006098418X  | name : Marketing Yourself  |  description : A guide designed to help job seekers construct an individualized marketing plan to sell their abilities like a professional salesman
 id : 247404 ISBN : 0061008516  | name : Season of Yellow Leaf  |  description : A ten-year-old girl is captured by comanche on a South plains raid in the 1830s. Reared by the tribe, the little girl named Chosen by her captors-is strong enough to survive the pain of losing her whole world. A unique witness to a vanishing way of life. Chosen gradually becomes one with he new family, suffering with them as the white man decimates their ranks.
 id : 247405 ISBN : 0061064475  | name : Tiki Doll of Doom  |  description : A mysterious tiki doll causes strange things to happen.
 id : 247406 ISBN : 0061065870  | name : New Adventures of Mary-Kate & Ashley #14 The Big Scare Mountain Mystery  |  description : Ashley and I were on a ski vacation, and we couldn't wait to hit the slopes -- until we heard the scary legend of Ski Mountain. According to the story, a monster snatched a boy right off the ski slopes! The boy was never seen again. But it was just a story. Or that's what we thought. Until our ski lift stopped mysterious in midair... And the tree outside our cabin was ripped apart... And we found giant footprints in the snow. We were on the case. Was there really a Ski Mountain monster? We were about to find out -- one way or another!
 id : 247407 ISBN : 0061082260  | name : Gambler's Gold  |  description : Suffering mistreatment as the only woman on a westbound wagon train, Charlotte Bell struggles with rumors about her apparent fall from grace and is defended by the very man who ruined her reputation. By the author of The Heart's Legacy. Original.
 id : 247409 ISBN : 0064401367  | name : Poem Stew  |  description : A collection of poems about food and eating.
 id : 247410 ISBN : 0064402215  | name : Dinah and the Green Fat Kingdom  |  description : Tired of being teased because she is fat, twelve-year-old Dinah takes refuge in a fantasy kingdom in which the fattest people are the most beautiful until she finds new friends that make the real world more bearable.
 id : 247411 ISBN : 0064420744  | name : The Creepy Camp-Out  |  description : While on a camping trip, the members of the Black Cat Club are haunted by a troublemaking ghost.
 id : 247413 ISBN : 0064471136  | name : Striking Out  |  description : Up until now, Billy Baggs's life has been loaded with nevers. Never been to a movie. Never played baseball with a real team. Never got over feeling guilty for the loss of his brother. But change is in the air. Billy discovers he has a natural talent for baseball, especially as a pitcher. Maybe, just maybe, there's more in store for him than life on the farm. But can Billy convince his father of that? Or is he destined to spend the rest of his life pitching nothing but hay?Teenager Billy Baggs is desperately needed on his family's struggling dairy farm, but he's also an extraordinarily gifted natural baseball player. How he struggles to reconcile his father's desire to keep him on the farm with his coach's interest in getting him on the field is at the heart of this ‘meaty story.… The complex characters grow and change in profoundly real ways.''K. ‘[With] flashes of humor, a wealth of lovingly recounted details evokes the difficult daily life on a small dairy farm.''Publishers Weekly. 1994 Best Books for Young Adults (ALA) 1994 Books for the Teen Age (NY Public Library) 1993 "Pick of the Lists" (ABA)
 id : 247414 ISBN : 0070093431  | name : A Reader for Developing Writers  |  description : This rhetorically organized reader leads beginning student writers from the elements of good writing through the patterns of development, including a range of excellent models throughout and - new in the fifth edition - coverage of the research process.
 id : 247415 ISBN : 0070311234  | name : W. Eugene Smith  |  description : Ten years in the writing, this probing biography examines the passionate, haunted and brilliant man whose quest for perfection resulted in an unparalleled photographic legacy. Photographs.
 id : 247417 ISBN : 0070535795  | name : It's Going to Sting Me!  |  description : A coward's guide to the great outdoors: down-to-earth advice for dealing with everything from bugs and bats to mosquitoes and mountain lions-and the unfounded fears they create in us all.
 id : 247418 ISBN : 0070676836  | name : Windows NT 4.0 Workstation  |  description : Becoming a Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer just got easier. Accelerated MCSE Study Guides are written by experts -- MCSEs and MCTs -- for computer professionals who want to pass their exams the first time around. It's all here: everything you need to approach the exam with confidence, in a handy, study-anywhere format. The Windows NT Workstation 4.0 accelerated MCSE Study Guide provides exactly the kind of guidance necessary to get you ready for the Microsoft Windows NT Workstation 4.0 exam -- one of the core tests for getting your MCSE credentials. Book jacket.
 id : 247421 ISBN : 0078823498  | name : Visual Basic 5 from the Ground Up  |  description : "Visual Basic From The Ground Up" provides a complete overview of the Visual Basic environment, from the fundamentals to graphic programming, DDE, and ActiveX. It also contains a list of frequently asked questions with answers direct from Microsoft. This provides a useful reference for readers.
 id : 247424 ISBN : 0135527465  | name : Managing an Information System  |  description : M->CREATED
 id : 247427 ISBN : 0140011730  | name : Very Good, Jeeves!  |  description : Bertie Wooster's world is one of elegance and fashion, of high society and low comedy, of fun and foibles, homicidal swans, leaky water bottles and near death from starvation at the hands of a food faddist. Bertie is not the brightest spark ever to have emerged from the British educational system and he relies on his gentleman's gentleman Jeeves, a butler with more than enough wit and savvy to save Bertie from the many scrapes he gets into.
 id : 247430 ISBN : 0140303642  | name : Mrs. Pepperpot to the Rescue  |  description : Helpful Mrs. Pepperpot returns in twelve more adventures in which her ability to shrink herself proves useful.
 id : 247432 ISBN : 0140375562  | name : Miss Piggy's Night Out  |  description : When their dinner at a fancy restaurant ends in embarrassment for Miss Piggy, Kermit tries to make her feel better.
 id : 247435 ISBN : 0140505067  | name : Truck  |  description : Crews puts very young readers in the driver's seat as a big, red truck makes its way from the loading dock, down the city streets, through the tunnel, and over the miles toward its destination. A trip readers will want to make again and again. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 247436 ISBN : 0140548408  | name : Tosca's Christmas  |  description : Tosca the cat fears she is going to be left out of the celebration this Christmas, until she in on hand to witness Santa's visit.
 id : 247437 ISBN : 0140548521  | name : Peanut Butter and Jelly  |  description : A favorite play rhyme takes on super-duper proportions as two children create a table-sized sandwich from scratch. "A simple popular rhyme about that childhood culinary favorite, peanut butter and jelly, becomes rich fare indeed in this buoyant picture book . . . a fully satisfying treat."—Publishers Weekly "A real treasure."—School Library Journal (starred) "The softly colored, joyously sketched pandemonium will enliven story hours and preschool introductions with a perennially pleasing chant."—Booklist
 id : 247438 ISBN : 0140553053  | name : By the Light of the Halloween Moon  |  description : In this cumulative story, a cat's pursuit of a toe sets off a chain of events.
 id : 247439 ISBN : 014058661X  | name : Selected Poetry  |  description : This selection of Wordsworth poetry represents Wordsworth as a poet of man and society and politics as well as of nature. This new edition covers the whole of Wordsworth's writing, including substantial extracts from Lyrical Ballads and the full extent of the earliest version of The Prelude, as well as extracts from the extended versions of 1805 and 1850.
 id : 247440 ISBN : 0151238162  | name : The Danzig Trilogy  |  description : Cat and mouse: In an attempt to compensate for his unsightly Adam's apple, Mahlke sets out to become a great athlete.
 id : 247441 ISBN : 0151306400  | name : Fiasco  |  description : The planet Quinta is pocked by ugly mounds and covered by a spiderweb-like network. It is a kingdom of phantoms and of a beauty afflicted by madness. In stark contrast, the crew of the spaceship Hermes represents a knowledge-seeking Earth. As they approach Quinta, a dark poetry takes over and leads them into a nightmare of misunderstanding. Translated by Michael Kandel. A Helen and Kurt Wolff Book Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 247442 ISBN : 0151594805  | name : Microworlds  |  description : In this bold and controversial examination of the past, present, and future of science fiction, Lem informs the raging debate over the literary merit of the genre with ten arch, incisive, provocative essays. Edited and with an Introduction by Franz Rottensteiner. Translated by Rottensteiner and others. A Helen and Kurt Wolff Book
 id : 247443 ISBN : 0151879788  | name : Tales of Pirx the Pilot  |  description : In Pilot Pirx, Lem has created an irresistibly likable character: an astronaut who gives the impression of still navigating by the seat of his pants-a bumbler but an inspired one. By investing Pirx with a range of human foibles, Lem offers a wonderful vision of the audacity, childlike curiosity, and intuition that can give humans the courage to confront outer space. Translated by Louis Iribarne.
 id : 247444 ISBN : 0152006044  | name : Tertius and Pliny  |  description : Tertius the stuffed dog plans and executes the rescue of his friend Pliny, a toy monkey, from a shop.
 id : 247445 ISBN : 0152013725  | name : Patch and His Favorite Things  |  description : Toddlers will love to play peekaboo with Patch under the table, turn the pages in his drawing book, or see themselves in his mirrow. This touch-and-feel book is by Jo Lodge, author of several children's books. Full-color illustrations.
 id : 247446 ISBN : 0152018638  | name : I Want to be a Fashion Designer  |  description : A photo-essay introducing career possibilities within the fashion industry and methods to pursue careers in this field.
 id : 247447 ISBN : 0152234985  | name : Dinosaur Cousins?  |  description : Examines nineteen modern animals and describes the dinosaurs they resemble in appearance or behavior, making such comparisons as the giraffe to the long-necked brachiosaurus and the armadillo to the armored ankylosaurus.
 id : 247448 ISBN : 0152339000  | name : Hey-how for Halloween!  |  description : An anthology of Halloween poetry by John Ciardi, Maurice Sendak, e. e. cummings, Carl Sandburg, and others.
 id : 247449 ISBN : 0152423885  | name : Keystone Kids  |  description : When two young brothers join the Brooklyn Dodgers, one becomes team manager and is faced with the task of uniting a team rife with dissension and prejudice against the new Jewish rookie catcher.
 id : 247450 ISBN : 0152986103  | name : The Witch who Lives Down the Hall  |  description : A young boy who lives in an apartment house is convinced that his mysterious new neighbor is a witch.
 id : 247459 ISBN : 0307001296  | name : Tweety and Sylvester in Birds of a Feather  |  description : Determined to attend the bird show, Sylvester the cat disguises himself as a Far Eastern Catbird.
 id : 247461 ISBN : 0307004589  | name : The Christmas Tree that Grew  |  description : The Adam family bought a live Christmas tree that grew so tall it reached into their neighbors' apartments.
 id : 247462 ISBN : 0307010449  | name : Walt Disney's Toad Flies High  |  description : Mole, Ratty, and MacBadger's attempts at picnicking are ruined three times by Toad, but on the fourth try, Toad's recklessness actually does them a favor.
 id : 247463 ISBN : 0307020355  | name : The Fire Fighters' Counting Book  |  description : As the fire fighters at the firehouse maintain their equipment, do other chores, and fight a fire, the reader may learn the numbers from one to ten.
 id : 247464 ISBN : 030702122X  | name : We Like Kindergarten  |  description : Carol describes her day in kindergarten.
 id : 247465 ISBN : 0307021572  | name : My Own Grandpa  |  description : Andrew wishes for a grandfather to do things with and his mother helps him find one.
 id : 247466 ISBN : 0307021718  | name : Let's Go Shopping!  |  description : A little girl describes the different kinds of stores she visits on a shopping trip with her parents.
 id : 247467 ISBN : 0307021726  | name : The Good Old Days  |  description : Kittens Leah and Andy go to visit their grandparents in the mountains for a week.
 id : 247468 ISBN : 0307021777  | name : But, You're a Duck  |  description : Fiorello, a duck who has been raised in the city, does not realize he is a duck until some children take him to the country and introduce him to some other ducks.
 id : 247471 ISBN : 0307030504  | name : Bunnies' ABC  |  description : Bunnies learn the alphabet.
 id : 247472 ISBN : 0307030709  | name : Little Red Riding Hood  |  description : A little girl meets a hungry wolf in the forest on her way to visit her grandmother.
 id : 247476 ISBN : 0307060845  | name : Rock-a-bye  |  description : Illustrates the many ways baby Disney characters go to sleep.
 id : 247477 ISBN : 030707000X  | name : Nursery School ABC  |  description : Andrew takes the bus to nursery school and spends a busy day with objects and activities whose names begin with the different letters of the alphabet.
 id : 247479 ISBN : 0307070387  | name : Walt Disney's Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs  |  description : Retells the Grimm story in which a princess escapes her murderous stepmother by hiding out in the home of seven hospitable dwarfs.
 id : 247480 ISBN : 0307070565  | name : We're Busy, Charlie Brown!  |  description : Charlie Brown wants his friends Snoopy, Lucy, Linus, Sally, and Schroeder to come out and play, but they're all too busy until Peppermint Patty calls them for baseball practice.
 id : 247483 ISBN : 0307100464  | name : The Santa Claus Book  |  description : During his annual Christmas eve flight, Santa discovers a lost puppy and must return it to its home.
 id : 247484 ISBN : 0307100626  | name : Just be Nice-- and Get Ready for Bed!  |  description : Rabbit agrees to babysit with Roo when Kanga is called away, but when Tigger drops in, bedtime becomes a much wilder experience.
 id : 247487 ISBN : 0307101134  | name : Around the Neighborhood  |  description : Susie and her mommy enjoy a day of activities together before they pick up Susie's brother from school and meet her daddy at the bus stop.
 id : 247488 ISBN : 030710124X  | name : Fly Like a Fish  |  description : Two great SpongeBob stories in one book! In the first retelling of a popular episode, kids will find out if SpongeBob can learn to fly, then they can flip the book over for more seafaring silliness. In the second story SpongeBob and Squidward compete to see who will be Employee of the Month.
 id : 247489 ISBN : 0307101363  | name : Panda Bear's Secret  |  description : Panda Bear's ability to keep a secret helps to give his mother a happy surprise one special day.
 id : 247490 ISBN : 0307101452  | name : When Dog was Little  |  description : Recounts the things Dog used to do when he was little, before he went to nursery school.
 id : 247491 ISBN : 0307101622  | name : Sweet and Silly Muppet Poems  |  description : Brief text relates the daily activities of a young child by featuring vocabulary words such as clock, bed, bath, puppy, and cake.
 id : 247492 ISBN : 0307101746  | name : Muffin Mouse on the Go  |  description : Muffin Mouse puts on her red walking sneakers and sets off for Bobo Muskrat's party. Even though all the other animals arrive before her on various faster modes of transportation, she has enjoyed walking.
 id : 247493 ISBN : 030710253X  | name : The House that Had Enough  |  description : Tired of being mistreated, Anne's furniture, clothes, and house decide to leave until she promises to take better care of them.
 id : 247494 ISBN : 0307102602  | name : The Secret Life of Walter Kitty  |  description : When unlawful badgers take over a city park, a young cat dons a mask and cape and becomes the super hero, Wonder Cat.
 id : 247496 ISBN : 0307102823  | name : Garfield, the Fussy Cat  |  description : Garfield the cat hopes to put his voracious appetite to good use when he auditions for a new television commercial for Fussy Cat Brand Cat Food.
 id : 247498 ISBN : 0307104605  | name : It Came from Jimmy's Lab  |  description : Young geniuses can turn Carl into a frog and capture hungry baseball mitts with the rub of a coin as they explore the darkest regions of Jimmy’s lab. The back cover has a monstrous optical illusion!
 id : 247501 ISBN : 0307109003  | name : Baby Brontosaurus  |  description : The brontosaurus was believed to be one of the largest of the dinosaur family.
 id : 247502 ISBN : 0307109275  | name : Snoopy's ABC's  |  description : Characters from the Peanuts comic strip illustrate words from A to Z, beginning with an angry Lucy and ending with "Zz" from a sleeping Snoopy.
 id : 247504 ISBN : 0307113221  | name : I Wonder what a Rainforest is  |  description : A look at plants offers a definition of plants and answers such questions as, "Where do raisins grow?," "What is a rainforest?," and "How do water plants float?"
 id : 247505 ISBN : 0307114686  | name : Rosie's Mouse  |  description : Rosie likes to keep her house very neat, but when a little brown mouse moves in, he causes messes everywhere.
 id : 247506 ISBN : 0307116573  | name : The Copykitty  |  description : Bob Kitty admires his friend Tom Cat and tries to be just like him.
 id : 247507 ISBN : 0307116581  | name : Daffy Duck in Duck Troop to the Rescue  |  description : At Camp Watamaroon, Bugs Bunny helps Daffy Duck learn the true meaning of competition.
 id : 247510 ISBN : 0307118649  | name : Puppies Need Someone to Love  |  description : Explains that puppies need good nutrition, grooming, health care, training, and love in order to keep them healthy and happy.
 id : 247511 ISBN : 0307118886  | name : Follow the Zookeeper  |  description : Daily activities for Mr. Scott, a busy zoo keeper, include feeding the gorillas, visiting the elephants, and talking to children about baby animals.
 id : 247512 ISBN : 0307118975  | name : Big Work Machines  |  description : Text and illustrations introduce the big machines such as bulldozers, cranes, cement mixers, and combine harvesters which make man's life easier.
 id : 247513 ISBN : 0307119696  | name : Puss in Boots  |  description : ""Perrault's classic story . . . brilliantly conceived and executed"" (""Publishers Weekly""). ""The artwork inside is suffused with a golden light that proclaims the story to be from a sunnier, more dreamlike world.""--""Booklist."" Full color.
 id : 247515 ISBN : 0307122999  | name : The Truck Book  |  description : Depicts different kinds of trucks and the work they do. On board pages.
 id : 247516 ISBN : 030712391X  | name : Disney's Beauty and the Beast Word Book  |  description : This brief retelling of the classic tale has labeled pictures on board pages.
 id : 247517 ISBN : 0307123952  | name : Big Bird's Animal Game  |  description : Big Bird plays an animal guessing game. On board pages.
 id : 247519 ISBN : 0307125653  | name : The Great Lost Treasure Hunt  |  description : Hewey, Dewey, and Louie learn about a hidden treasure at a Junior Woodchucks' meeting and tell Uncle Scrooge, who decides to organize an expedition.
 id : 247521 ISBN : 0307128466  | name : Richard Scarry's Busytown Word Book  |  description : This book shows the Busytown animals doing many activities, with vocabulary words given on the side of the page.
 id : 247523 ISBN : 0307129403  | name : Dear Barbie  |  description : Kim asks Barbie for help.
 id : 247524 ISBN : 0307131106  | name : Big Bird the Artist  |  description : "Featuring Jim Henson's Sesame Street Muppets." Big Bird adds up his works of art and then subtracts them as he gives them away.
 id : 247525 ISBN : 0307139794  | name : Muppet Manners  |  description : The Muppets demonstrate good manners by using bad manners.
 id : 247526 ISBN : 0307155757  | name : My Picture Dictionary  |  description : A picture dictionary with an illustrated section of words accompanying each letter of the alphabet.
 id : 247527 ISBN : 0307158535  | name : A First Dictionary  |  description : This basic dictionary bridges the gap between simple picture dictionaries and more complex volumes with large print definitions, simplified pronunciation guides and sample sentences for each word. It also provides multiple definitions for words with more than one meaning or pronunciation. A FIRST DICTIONARY is an indispensable tool that makes learning easy as well as fun!
 id : 247528 ISBN : 030716232X  | name : Pooh, the Great Riddle Contest  |  description : On a rainy day in the Hundred Acre Woods, Owl suggests having a contest to see who can think of a riddle that no one can answer.
 id : 247531 ISBN : 0307200116  | name : In the Dark of the Night  |  description : When she stomps on the magic case several times, Anastasia sees Rasputin start to fade into a pile of dust.
 id : 247533 ISBN : 030730115X  | name : A Little Christmas Treasury  |  description : Stories included are: A very small Christmas; A birthday gift (Nativity); and Mouse Christmas.
 id : 247536 ISBN : 0307581438  | name : The Fox Book  |  description : Brief text and illustrations introduce the characteristics and habits of a family of red foxes and several other kinds of foxes including the silver fox, kit fox, gray fox, and arctic fox.
 id : 247539 ISBN : 0307681564  | name : Simon Visits the Doctor  |  description : Describes what happens to a child during a visit to the doctor's office for a routine examination.
 id : 247540 ISBN : 030768931X  | name : Old Macdonald Had a Farm  |  description : An illustrated version of a favorite childhood song.
 id : 247541 ISBN : 0307719723  | name : De Compras Con Mama  |  description : A little boy describes a shopping trip to the grocery store with his family.
 id : 247542 ISBN : 030774020X  | name : The Berenstain Bears' Big Rummage Sale  |  description : The Bear family members are quite excited about their big rummage sale until Papa blows on a bugle and Brother squeezes an accordion they were going to sell.
 id : 247543 ISBN : 0307740242  | name : Beauty and the Beast  |  description : Presents a storybook version of the Disney movie featuring an electronic keyboard which plays various sound effects.
 id : 247544 ISBN : 0307740250  | name : Disney Pinocchio  |  description : Presents the storybook version of the Disney movie in rebus format. Features an electronic keyboard which plays various sound effects.
 id : 247546 ISBN : 0307748073  | name : Three Little Pigs  |  description : Relates the adventures of three little pigs who leave home to seek their fortunes and how they deal with the big bad wolf
 id : 247549 ISBN : 030780125X  | name : A Stable in Bethlehem  |  description : A counting book showing the animals and people in the stable at Bethlehem for the birth of Jesus Christ.
 id : 247552 ISBN : 0307987825  | name : Rapunzel  |  description : Presents the fairy tale about a girl locked in a high tower acted out by Barbie dolls.
 id : 247553 ISBN : 0307988031  | name : The Gifts of Christmas  |  description : Precious Moments children prepare for Christmas.
 id : 247554 ISBN : 0307988155  | name : Barney  |  description : Spend the day and evening with Barney and his friends on Christmas Eve and see all the things they do and places they go.
 id : 247556 ISBN : 0310207045  | name : Use Your Head, Molly Malone!  |  description : Molly Malone is excited about playing in a girls' soccer league, until her older sister, Sarah, gets the spot on the team that Molly had hoped would be hers.
 id : 247558 ISBN : 0310912520  | name : KJV Giant Print Reference Bible, Personal Size Bronze Edition  |  description : Super Saver Ed. Personal size End-of-verse cross-reference system Concordance Book introductions and outlines Presentation pages Red letter Topical running heads Paragraph headings Color maps Gift boxed 1,792 pp.
 id : 247560 ISBN : 0312101597  | name : Research Methods in the Social Sciences  |  description : This acclaimed text offers a comprehensive, systematic treatment of the scientific approach to research within the context of the social sciences. It leads students through seven major, interrelated stages of research methods: definition of the research problem, statement of hypothesis, research design, measurement, data collection, data analysis, and generalization.The new edition features a new Data Bank CD and an appendix introducing students to SPSS.
 id : 247561 ISBN : 0312143214  | name : Clay's Ark  |  description : A handful of people exposed to a disease of extraterrestrial origin combat their nearly irresistible impulse to infect others, as they struggle to make a life for themselves in self-imposed desert isolation
 id : 247562 ISBN : 0312154720  | name : An Artistic Way to Go  |  description : Investigating the disappearance of Oliver Cooper, Inspector Alvarez has just ruled out suicide when Cooper's decidedly dead body shows up in his own home with a smashed watch that may indicate his time of death and lead to his killer.
 id : 247563 ISBN : 031264776X  | name : Proceed to Judgement  |  description : Barrister-detective Antony Maitland investigates an intriguing case involving a young doctor and an attractive young woman who are accused of murdering the woman's husband
 id : 247565 ISBN : 0312951477  | name : Moonlight and Mistletoe  |  description : Buck Grissom, handsome young sheriff of Nancyville, Georgia, takes in nineteen-year-old Scarlett O'Hara Scraggs and her young sister for the holidays when they appear on his doorstep seeking shelter from the December snow. Original.
 id : 247566 ISBN : 0312956975  | name : Falconer's Crusade  |  description : /MORSON Oxford University, in 1624, the savage murder of a young girl kindles a frenzy of suspicion between privileged students and impoverished townspeople. And when one of Falconer's students who may have witnessed the crime narrowly escapes being beaten to death by a lynch mob, the Regent Master rushes to his defense. Martin's Press.
 id : 247567 ISBN : 0316075116  | name : Moth Manor  |  description : A young girl takes charge of rescuing a haunted dollhouse and the special dolls that inhabit it from being sold to an antique dealer.
 id : 247568 ISBN : 0316105368  | name : Arthur Makes the Team  |  description : For use in schools and libraries only. Longer Arthur adventures written at a third grade level for kids who are ready to read on their own.
 id : 247569 ISBN : 0316121789  | name : King Arthur  |  description : Arthur is in top form as he competes at a Middle Ages fair. Arthur fans who are ready to read on their own now have a new chapter book to add to their collection. This book features a longer adventure with Arthur, D.W. and the rest of the gang. Illustrations.
 id : 247571 ISBN : 0316526347  | name : Johnny Appleseed  |  description : Rhymed text and illustrations relate the life of John Chapman, whose distribution of apple seeds and trees across the Midwest made him a legend and left a legacy still enjoyed today.
 id : 247573 ISBN : 0321096983  | name : King Lear  |  description : From Longman's new Cultural Editions Series, King Lear, edited by Claire McEachern, presents the play along with a critical introduction and contextual materials from the era of Shakespeare.
 id : 247577 ISBN : 0345318617  | name : The Remaking of Sigmund Freud  |  description : When a terrestrial spaceship encounters intelligent aliens, the explorers from Earth activate their Freud simulacrum for its advice in handling the situation
 id : 247579 ISBN : 0345339533  | name : The Doomfarers of Coramonde  |  description : Gil MacDonald and his men find themselves transported from the jungles of Vietnam to a Fantasy Land where they must rescue the sorceress Gabrielle from the magician Amon, or they risk staying trapped forever
 id : 247580 ISBN : 0345367073  | name : Max and the Cats  |  description : Cloaked among the leopard skins in his father's Berlin fur shop, young Max Schmidt grows up dreaming of adventure and intrigue. When as a young man an illicit affair gets him denounced to the Nazi secret police, Max barely escapes on a freighter -- only to founder off the coast of South America. Trapped in a dinghy with a hungry jaguar, he believes his days are numbered -- until he washes ashore on the coast of Brazil prepared to begin life anew. But just when he thinks he has left behind the cats of his youth, another appears...and Max realizes the time has come to take his destiny into his own hands. Book jacket.
 id : 247581 ISBN : 0345375343  | name : The 50 Healthiest Places to Live and Retire in the United States  |  description : Rates air and water quality, climate, cultural opportunities, crime rate, health care, and more, in a guide to the healthiest residential areas in the United States. Reprint.
 id : 247582 ISBN : 0345431464  | name : Controlling High Blood Pressure the Natural Way  |  description : Learn how to lower high blood pressure medication-free with simple changes to diet and exercise, combined with stress-reducing techniques. Who gets high blood pressure? Should you panic if you or someone you love develops hypertension? How can you help yourself, even if you're in a high-risk group? High blood pressure is commonly the result of an unhealthy lifestyle, and it can almost always be controlled—without debilitating medications—simply by eating the right foods, taking the proper herb and vitamin supplements, getting the correct types of exercise, and practicing such stress-reducing techniques as meditation, visualization, tai chi, and yoga. This book gives you a firm grip on all these tools. Start using them today to build yourself a healthy, circulation-friendly life. FEATURING: • A triple-threat healing program that not only revitalizes your circulation system but also boosts your overall health • A thirty-day food regimen—ninety full menus for breakfast, lunch, and dinner, plus many recipes for delicious foods to eat as you control hypertension
 id : 247583 ISBN : 0356123804  | name : Stylish Settings  |  description : Explains the elements of table design, including flatware, dinnerware, glassware, serving pieces, linens, and centerpieces, and covers table designs for various meals, levels of formality, and occasions
 id : 247586 ISBN : 0373023308  | name : Rough Justice  |  description : Rough Justice by Janine Ellis released on Mar 25, 1980 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247589 ISBN : 0373024967  | name : Stamp of Possession  |  description : Stamp Of Possession by Sheila Strutt released on Jun 24, 1982 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247591 ISBN : 0373025807  | name : Tethered Liberty  |  description : Tethered Liberty by Jessica Steele released on Aug 25, 1983 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247592 ISBN : 0373025823  | name : Perhaps Love  |  description : Perhaps Love by Lindsay Armstrong released on Sep 23, 1983 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247593 ISBN : 0373026048  | name : Borrowed Girl  |  description : Borrowed Girl by Alexandra Scott released on Dec 23, 1983 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247594 ISBN : 0373029705  | name : That Dear Perfection  |  description : That Dear Perfection by Alison York released on Jan 25, 1989 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247595 ISBN : 0373031769  | name : Love for Hire  |  description : Love For Hire by Jasmine Cresswell released on Dec 25, 1991 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247596 ISBN : 0373032765  | name : Stubborn as a Mule  |  description : Stubborn As A Mule by Roz Denny released on Jun 24, 1993 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247597 ISBN : 037303279X  | name : The Quiet Professor  |  description : Megan's perfect world falls apart and her one hope is Professor Jake van Belfield. He seems determined to rebuild her life--but why is he taking such a personal interest in her? Reissue.
 id : 247598 ISBN : 0373033478  | name : A Valentine for Daisy  |  description : A Valentine For Daisy by Betty Neels released on Dec 23, 1994 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247599 ISBN : 0373034245  | name : A Simple Texas Wedding  |  description : A Simple Texas Wedding by Ruth Jean Dale released on Jul 25, 1996 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247600 ISBN : 037303458X  | name : Borrowed Wife  |  description : Borrowed Wife by Patricia Wilson released on Mar 25, 1997 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247601 ISBN : 0373034601  | name : Second-Best Wife  |  description : Second-Best Wife by Rebecca Winters released on Apr 24, 1997 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247602 ISBN : 0373035659  | name : Bride Included  |  description : Bride Included by Janelle Denison released on Jun 24, 1999 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247603 ISBN : 0373036957  | name : His Pretend Mistress  |  description : His Pretend Mistress by Jessica Steele released on Mar 25, 2002 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247604 ISBN : 0373058616  | name : Bewildered  |  description : Bewildered by Jennifer Greene released on Apr 22, 1994 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247605 ISBN : 0373058705  | name : Major Distractions  |  description : Major Distractions by Leslie Davis Guccione released on May 25, 1994 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247613 ISBN : 0373076487  | name : For Mercy's Sake  |  description : For Mercy's Sake by Nancy Gideon released on Apr 24, 1995 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247614 ISBN : 0373077017  | name : The Quiet One  |  description : The Quiet One by Alicia Scott released on Jan 25, 1996 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247615 ISBN : 0373077130  | name : The One Worth Waiting for  |  description : The One Worth Waiting For by Alicia Scott released on Mar 25, 1996 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247616 ISBN : 0373077157  | name : Whose Baby?  |  description : Whose Baby? by Suzanne Carey released on Apr 24, 1996 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247617 ISBN : 0373077211  | name : Wild Blood  |  description : One long-ago sultry summer had forever changed Jett Kendrick's life. One minute he was a carefree cowboy loving sweet Kathy Patterson. The next, he was a man fighting for his son, whose young mother had abandoned him...But had she?
 id : 247619 ISBN : 0373078129  | name : Convincing Jamey  |  description : Convincing Jamey by Marilyn Pappano released on Aug 25, 1997 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247620 ISBN : 0373079532  | name : Remembering Jake  |  description : Remembering Jake by Cheryl Biggs released on Jul 23, 1999 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247621 ISBN : 0373079729  | name : I'll Remember You  |  description : I'll Remember You by Barbara Ankrum released on Oct 25, 1999 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247637 ISBN : 0373098863  | name : Man of the Mountain  |  description : Man Of The Mountain by Christine Rimmer released on Mar 25, 1994 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247638 ISBN : 0373098871  | name : Wild Is the Wind  |  description : Wild Is The Wind by Laurie Paige released on Mar 25, 1994 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247640 ISBN : 0373099193  | name : Mail Order Cowboy  |  description : Mail Order Cowboy by Patricia Coughlin released on Sep 23, 1994 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247642 ISBN : 0373099754  | name : Scarlet Woman  |  description : Scarlet Woman by Barbara Faith released on Jun 23, 1995 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247643 ISBN : 0373099800  | name : A Home for Adam  |  description : A Home For Adam by Gina Wilkins released on Jul 25, 1995 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247647 ISBN : 0373105185  | name : Burning Obsession  |  description : Burning Obsession by Carole Mortimer released on May 25, 1982 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247648 ISBN : 0373105894  | name : Lucifer's Brand  |  description : Lucifer's Brand by Nicola West released on Feb 22, 1983 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247649 ISBN : 0373107250  | name : Gallant Antagonist  |  description : Gallant Antagonist by Jessica Steele released on Jul 25, 1984 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247650 ISBN : 0373107668  | name : No Holds Barred  |  description : No Holds Barred by Jessica Steele released on Dec 25, 1984 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247652 ISBN : 0373107978  | name : Tempestuous Affair  |  description : Tempestuous Affair by Carole Mortimer released on Apr 24, 1985 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247654 ISBN : 0373108133  | name : Captive of Fate  |  description : Captive Of Fate by Margaret Pargeter released on Jun 24, 1985 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247655 ISBN : 0373108435  | name : Stolen Summer  |  description : Stolen Summer by Anne Mather released on Oct 25, 1985 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247657 ISBN : 0373109016  | name : Sunstroke  |  description : Sunstroke by Elizabeth Oldfield released on May 23, 1986 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247658 ISBN : 0373109903  | name : Bittersweet Marriage  |  description : Bittersweet Marriage by Jeneth Murrey released on Apr 24, 1987 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247660 ISBN : 037311415X  | name : Fantasy of Love  |  description : Fantasy Of Love by Rachel Elliot released on Oct 25, 1991 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247661 ISBN : 037311429X  | name : An Accidental Affair  |  description : An Accidental Affair by Elizabeth Oldfield released on Nov 22, 1991 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247663 ISBN : 0373114397  | name : The Director's Wife  |  description : The Director's Wife by Lindsay Armstrong released on Jan 24, 1992 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247664 ISBN : 0373114443  | name : Blind Passion  |  description : Blind Passion by Anne Mather released on Jan 24, 1992 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247666 ISBN : 0373114672  | name : Heart on Fire  |  description : Heart On Fire by Charlotte Lamb released on Apr 24, 1992 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247667 ISBN : 0373114710  | name : When the Devil Drives  |  description : When The Devil Drives by Sara Craven released on May 25, 1992 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247668 ISBN : 0373114729  | name : The Seduction of Keira  |  description : The Seduction Of Keira by Emma Darcy released on May 25, 1992 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247669 ISBN : 0373114834  | name : Devil to Pay  |  description : Devil To Pay by Susan Napier released on Jun 24, 1992 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247671 ISBN : 0373114869  | name : The Imperfect Bride  |  description : The Imperfect Bride by Karen Van Der Zee released on Jun 24, 1992 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247672 ISBN : 0373115008  | name : Tiger Moon  |  description : Tiger Moon by Kristy McCallum released on Aug 25, 1992 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247673 ISBN : 0373116403  | name : Dawn Song  |  description : Dawn Song by Sara Craven released on Feb 22, 1994 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247674 ISBN : 0373116640  | name : A Daring Proposition  |  description : A Daring Proposition by Miranda Lee released on May 25, 1994 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247675 ISBN : 037311687X  | name : Wounds of Passion  |  description : Wounds Of Passion by Charlotte Lamb released on Aug 25, 1994 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247676 ISBN : 0373117140  | name : The Colour of Midnight  |  description : The Colour Of Midnight by Robyn Donald released on Nov 24, 1994 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247677 ISBN : 0373117612  | name : Thunder on the Reef  |  description : Thunder On The Reef by Sara Craven released on Jul 25, 1995 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247678 ISBN : 0373120354  | name : The Groom's Revenge  |  description : The Groom's Revenge by Kate Walker released on Apr 23, 1999 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247679 ISBN : 0373120486  | name : The Baby Verdict  |  description : The Baby Verdict by Cathy Williams released on Jun 24, 1999 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247681 ISBN : 0373160321  | name : Game of Hearts  |  description : Game Of Hearts by Ginger Chambers released on Sep 23, 1983 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247682 ISBN : 037316176X  | name : The Mallory Touch  |  description : The Mallory Touch by Muriel Jensen released on Sep 24, 1986 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247683 ISBN : 0373162022  | name : Dream Chasers  |  description : Dream Chasers by Anne McAllister released on Apr 24, 1987 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247684 ISBN : 0373162324  | name : Golden Dreams  |  description : Golden Dreams by Leigh Anne Williams released on Nov 24, 1987 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247685 ISBN : 0373163487  | name : Phantom Angel  |  description : Phantom Angel by Kathy Clark released on Apr 24, 1990 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247687 ISBN : 0373165161  | name : Merry Christmas, Baby  |  description : Merry Christmas, Baby by Pamela Browning released on Oct 25, 1993 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247689 ISBN : 0373169280  | name : Home-Grown Husband  |  description : Home-Grown Husband by Sharon Swan released on May 24, 2002 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247690 ISBN : 0373169396  | name : Husbands, Husbands...Everywhere!  |  description : Husbands, Husbands...Everywhere! by Sharon Swan released on Aug 23, 2002 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247691 ISBN : 037319059X  | name : The Man who Changed Everything  |  description : The Man Who Changed Everything by Elizabeth Sites released on Nov 24, 1994 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247694 ISBN : 0373191413  | name : Deputy Daddy  |  description : Deputy Daddy by Carla Cassidy released on Jan 25, 1996 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247695 ISBN : 0373191855  | name : The Wedding Kiss  |  description : The Wedding Kiss by Robin Wells released on Aug 23, 1996 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247696 ISBN : 0373192118  | name : Miss Maxwell Becomes a Mom  |  description : Miss Maxwell Becomes A Mom by Donna Clayton released on Jan 24, 1997 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247697 ISBN : 0373194897  | name : Rachel and the M.D.  |  description : Rachel And The M.D. by Donna Clayton released on Nov 24, 2000 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247698 ISBN : 0373195486  | name : Working Overtime  |  description : Working Overtime by Raye Morgan released on Sep 24, 2001 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247701 ISBN : 0373221363  | name : Under the Knife  |  description : Under The Knife by Tess Gerritsen released on Feb 22, 1990 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247702 ISBN : 0373221428  | name : Déjà Vu  |  description : Deja Vu by Laura Pender released on May 25, 1990 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247703 ISBN : 0373221444  | name : Falcon's Cry  |  description : Falcon's Cry by Leona Karr released on Jun 22, 1990 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247706 ISBN : 0373222475  | name : Blood Ties  |  description : Blood Ties by Laurel Pace released on Aug 25, 1993 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247711 ISBN : 0373240120  | name : Buchanan's Bride  |  description : Buchanan's Bride by Pamela Toth released on Dec 25, 1995 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247713 ISBN : 0373240198  | name : The Reformer  |  description : The Reformer by Diana Whitney released on Jan 25, 1996 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247714 ISBN : 0373240317  | name : Rainsinger  |  description : Rainsinger by Ruth Wind released on Mar 25, 1996 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247716 ISBN : 0373240554  | name : A Cowboy Is Forever  |  description : A Cowboy Is Forever by Shirley Larson released on Jul 25, 1996 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247717 ISBN : 0373240562  | name : The Wolf and the Woman's Touch  |  description : The Wolf And The Woman's Touch by Ingrid Weaver released on Jul 25, 1996 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247718 ISBN : 0373241011  | name : Please Take Care of Willie  |  description : Please Take Care Of Willie by Tracy Sinclair released on Mar 25, 1997 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247719 ISBN : 0373241291  | name : He's Got His Daddy's Eyes  |  description : He's Got His Daddy's Eyes by Lois Faye Dyer released on Aug 25, 1997 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247720 ISBN : 0373254598  | name : Easy Does It  |  description : Easy Does It by Pamela Toth released on Jun 24, 1991 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247722 ISBN : 0373255004  | name : Designs on Love  |  description : Designs On Love by Gina Wilkins released on Apr 24, 1992 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247724 ISBN : 0373256299  | name : The Strong Silent Type  |  description : The Strong Silent Type by Kate Hoffmann released on Jan 25, 1995 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247725 ISBN : 0373260598  | name : The Grandfather Medicine  |  description : The Grandfather Medi by Jean Hager released on Sep 24, 1990 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247726 ISBN : 0373270755  | name : In a Heartbeat  |  description : In A Heartbeat by Carla Cassidy released on Apr 24, 2000 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247728 ISBN : 0373290993  | name : The Rogue  |  description : The Rogue by Ana Seymour released on Jan 25, 2000 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247734 ISBN : 0373614209  | name : Backlash  |  description : As the CIA prepares to pull out of a drug smuggling operation in Central America, Mack Bolan is assigned to protect the agency's white kight, a mission that could get him killed
 id : 247735 ISBN : 0373614713  | name : Killsport  |  description : Hal Brognola asks Mack Bolan to help track down a man who runs a hunt club, and whose prey is humans. But as Bolan closes in, he's captured and taken to a deserted island to become prey in the hunt.
 id : 247736 ISBN : 0373650116  | name : Father and Child Reunion  |  description : Rio Redtree had never recovered from his teenage sweetheart's betrayal. Eve Stuart had left him without a word of explanation, and though six years had passed, the fire still burned within him. Now, suddenly, Eve was back--along with her five-year-old daughter, Molly, which was also his daughter. Rio would lay down his life for her and for Eve, try as he might to deny it. But that was what his enemies were counting on. And soon Rio's love would be put to the ultimate test.
 id : 247739 ISBN : 0373704704  | name : Blind Opening  |  description : Blind Opening by Nancy Elliott released on Aug 23, 1991 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247740 ISBN : 0373707517  | name : The Fraudulent Fiancee  |  description : The Fraudulent Fiancee by Muriel Jensen released on Jun 24, 1997 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247741 ISBN : 0373730551  | name : Taming Her Billionaire Boss  |  description : No one quit on Blake Jarrod! So when his devoted assistant suddenly turned in her resignation, the hotelier wanted answers. Though, Samantha Thompson wasn't talking. Turning her two-weeks' notice into four, Blake gave himself one month to seduce the truth from her. And despite his rule about business and pleasure never mixing, Blake intended to make the most of his endeavor….
 id : 247742 ISBN : 037376250X  | name : Secret Agent Dad  |  description : Secret Agent Dad by Metsy Hingle released on Sep 24, 1999 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247743 ISBN : 0373762917  | name : Dr. Irresistible  |  description : Dr. Irresistible by Elizabeth Bevarly released on Apr 24, 2000 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247745 ISBN : 0373763379  | name : Monahan's Gamble  |  description : Monahan's Gamble by Elizabeth Bevarly released on Nov 24, 2000 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247747 ISBN : 0373764030  | name : Luke's Promise  |  description : Luke's Promise by Eileen Wilks released on Oct 25, 2001 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247750 ISBN : 0373885156  | name : The Best Things in Life  |  description : The Best Things In Life by Rita Clay Estrada released on Jun 23, 1995 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247751 ISBN : 0373885202  | name : In a Class by Himself  |  description : In A Class By Himself by JoAnn Ross released on Apr 24, 1995 is available now for purchase.
 id : 247753 ISBN : 0374435502  | name : The Iceberg and Its Shadow  |  description : Anabeth experiences conflicting loyalties over two friends when her newest outgoing friend, Mindy, ostracizes the introverted Rachel.
 id : 247754 ISBN : 0375800255  | name : I Am a Droid  |  description : My name is C-3PO. I am a droid. There are many droids in the universe. Some fly ships, others fix Podracers, and still others fight dangerous battles. I would be honored to tell you more in this colorfully illustrated storybook.
 id : 247755 ISBN : 0375800859  | name : The Snowman  |  description : See what exciting things James and the Snowman are doing.
 id : 247756 ISBN : 0375803688  | name : Brought to You by the Number 2  |  description : The muppets demonstrate all the things two can do, including talk on the phone, clap, play a duet, and ride a bicycle built for two.
 id : 247757 ISBN : 0375808507  | name : Arthur in a Pickle  |  description : After lying about what happened to his homework, Arthur has such a bad dream about being "in a pickle" that he decides to tell the truth. Includes stickers to match with words in text.
 id : 247758 ISBN : 0375905693  | name : The Mermaid's Purse  |  description : A collection of poems about the creatures of the sea, including the limpet, crab, and conger eel.
 id : 247759 ISBN : 0376024658  | name : Italian Cook Book  |  description : A handy reference guide to cooking Italian style includes menu suggestions and hints on preparing pasta and antipasto
 id : 247760 ISBN : 0380534134  | name : How Did We Find Out about Outer Space?  |  description : Traces the history of mankind's venture into outer space from the first attempts at flight to the sending of human beings to the moon.
 id : 247761 ISBN : 0380601036  | name : The Power of Light  |  description : Eight Stories for Hanukkah.
 id : 247762 ISBN : 0380732521  | name : Dolphin Adventure:  |  description : Eighty feet below the ocean's surface, Wayne Grover hears a clicking sound. Soon he sees three dolphins--two adults and a baby--swimming toward him. A large fishing hook is embedded in the baby's back, and suddenly Wayne realizes that, in their own way, the dolphins are asking for his help.
 id : 247763 ISBN : 0380755858  | name : Game of Survival  |  description : Disgruntled when Marta, a new transfer student and camper extraordinaire, is assigned as his scavenger hunt partner instead of his secret heartthrob, Nicky comes to depend on Marta when a freak snowstorm strands them on a mountain
 id : 247764 ISBN : 0380758733  | name : The Return of the Plant that Ate Dirty Socks  |  description : Vacation has arrived just in time to give Michael and Norman a chance to save their beloved sock-eating plants. The boys' parents have called for an end to the sock-eaters-and they haven't even learned that the troublemakers have started sprouting pods.
 id : 247765 ISBN : 038075892X  | name : A Haunting in Williamsburg  |  description : At first Jayne thought she was dreaming. Staying in colonial Williamsberg in a house one owned by her ancestors, She was used to seeing peple dressed in old-fashion costumes...but not in the middle of the night, not standing at the foot of her bed... The trouble stranger was Sally Custis, a young girl who once lived in the house. She was haunted by a terrible wrong she had done over 200 years ago and she begged Jayne to help her set it right. But little did Jayne know when she steeped among the dead in the darkened old graveyard, that a chilling hand of evil would reach out to stop her from discovering a long buried truth...
 id : 247767 ISBN : 038076587X  | name : Murder in Pug's Parlour  |  description : Accused of poisoning a man with the mushrooms he prepared the night of the murder, chef Auguste Didier is forced to investigate the crime himself in order to clear his name. Original.
 id : 247769 ISBN : 0380766450  | name : The Stalker  |  description : Jennifer escapes an attempt on her life in an empty shopping mall, but the terrified girl is stalked by the strangler, who is determined to silence her forever. Original.
 id : 247770 ISBN : 0380773732  | name : Bubblemania!  |  description : Through a series of easy experiments, surface tension, bubble formation, & the uses of bubbles are explained.
 id : 247771 ISBN : 0380797542  | name : Animal Emergency #2: Ducks in Danger  |  description : Nine-year-old Stella Sullivan loves animals, from cuddly kittens to the wild inhabitants of Gateway National Park near her home Montana. Luckily, her aunt's a veterinarian who's happy to have Stella's help in saving a badly wounded duckling, a guide dog that needs CPR...and a spirited mother otter prepared to defend her young at all costs. And if that's not enough, Stella's whole family is worried about wolves meant to live in Gateway National Park. Someone want to keep them out-- and the wolves may die if the problem isn't solved quickly!
 id : 247772 ISBN : 0382094441  | name : Tiger  |  description : Describes a year in the life of a female Indian tiger who lives on the edge of a forest.
 id : 247775 ISBN : 0385468784  | name : 101 Things You Can Do for Our Children's Future  |  description : The acclaimed author of Childhood's Future presents a primer for parents--and every American--on how to create a better life for children now. In these troubled times for families, Louv offers a blueprint for a grassro ots movement designed to draw the attention of politics, the courts, and the media.
 id : 247777 ISBN : 0394020189  | name : Return to Ramos  |  description : "When Juan José Ramos and his family return home to Ramos (in South Texas) after picking cotton in West Texas, they find their daughter Chita leading a school boycott. At first Juan José argues that the children are wrong: because the students are protesting, the Anglos are denying work to their parents. But at a meeting of the school board and parents, Juan José suddenly stands up to tell the community things he never dared say before..."--P. [4] of cover.
 id : 247778 ISBN : 0394174461  | name : Pedro Páramo  |  description : Deserted villages of rural Mexico, where images and memories of the past linger like unquiet ghosts, haunted the imaginations of the author. In one such village of the mind, Comala, he set his classic novel Pedro Paramo, a dream-like tale that intertwines a man's quest to find his lost father and reclaim his patrimony with the father's obsessive love for a woman who will not be possessed, Susana San Juan.
 id : 247780 ISBN : 0394516729  | name : The Patriot Game  |  description : Pete Riordan is assigned to find a mysterious IRA leader who has been trying to buy guns in the U.S., and one prime suspect is a man his brother got convicted and sent to Walpole.
 id : 247781 ISBN : 0394517989  | name : Heading West  |  description : The author of "Souls Raised from the Dead" offers a gripping novel that combines the suspense of a thriller with the exhilarating story of a woman's bumpy journey toward liberation. A small-town librarian with big dreams is resigned to a dull vacation with her sister and brother-in-law--until a thief accosts the group and kidnaps her. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 247783 ISBN : 0394588215  | name : The Golden Rope  |  description : And Doris's grief is twofold: "Not only was my sister gone, but it was clear to me that she had wanted to annihilate me, to murder me" - a discovery that has made any search for her missing twin psychologically impossible.
 id : 247784 ISBN : 0394702956  | name : Selected Poems of Robinson Jeffers  |  description : Fifty-eight poems selected from such major works as Be Angry at the Sun and Hungerfield
 id : 247785 ISBN : 0394822412  | name : A My Name is Alice  |  description : The Muppets introduce the alphabet with short poems about dinosaurs, cookies, ladders, quilts, and zebras.
 id : 247787 ISBN : 0394826639  | name : The Comic Book Mystery  |  description : During a hot New York summer, three children find themselves drawn into a mystery involving narcotics.
 id : 247789 ISBN : 0394829565  | name : Horton Hatches the Egg  |  description : Billedbog med rimet tekst om elefanten Horton, der kommer ud for mange sjove ting, mens den udruger fugleæg.
 id : 247791 ISBN : 0394832647  | name : Ernie and Bert's Counting Book  |  description : Ernie and Bert introduce the numbers from one to twenty as they show us the contents of a closet they are cleaning.
 id : 247792 ISBN : 0394832655  | name : The Monsters' Alphabet  |  description : The Sesame Street monsters present the letters of the alphabet.
 id : 247794 ISBN : 0394839579  | name : Do You Know Colors?  |  description : Reveals how some colors are made from blending others and depicts objects in each color.
 id : 247795 ISBN : 0394840496  | name : The Biggest Cookie in the World  |  description : While waiting for his cookies to bake in the oven, Cookie Monster daydreams about his favorite subject.
 id : 247796 ISBN : 0394845668  | name : The Berenstain Bears' Christmas Tree  |  description : During the Bears' search for a Christmas tree they are reminded of what Christmas is really about.
 id : 247797 ISBN : 0394848705  | name : The Wheels on the Bus  |  description : The wheels on the bus go round, the wipers go swish, the doors open and close, and the people go in and out in this rollicking version of the classic song.
 id : 247798 ISBN : 0394855175  | name : Soft as a Kitten  |  description : A full-color basic concept book with durable, wipe-clean pages and safe, rounded corners.
 id : 247799 ISBN : 0394861272  | name : A to Z Look and See  |  description : Illustrations introduce the letters of the alphabet, from A (Apple) to Z (Zebra).
 id : 247800 ISBN : 0394863895  | name : Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom  |  description : While trying to recover a sacred stone belonging to an Indian village, Indiana Jones and his two companions become prisoners of a ruthless sect dedicated to the worship of the evil goddess Kali.
 id : 247801 ISBN : 0394867297  | name : Incognito Mosquito, Private Insective  |  description : The mosquito detective tells a cub reporter of his exploits and encounters with such insect notables as Mickey Mantis, F. Flea Bailey, and the Warden of Sting Sting Prison.
 id : 247802 ISBN : 0394878639  | name : Fuzzy Rabbit in the Park  |  description : A toy rabbit named Fuzzy has an adventure when he is lost in the park and must find his own way back to his owner.
 id : 247804 ISBN : 0394890604  | name : Christmas Carols  |  description : Favorite Christmas carols include "Joy to the World", "Silent Night", and 16 others. Full-color songbook and cassette.
 id : 247806 ISBN : 039489460X  | name : Shopping Day  |  description : Happy Bear goes grocery shopping with his mother.
 id : 247807 ISBN : 0394894758  | name : The Fuzzytail Friends' Great Egg Hunt  |  description : Fuzzytail Duckling rescues Mother Mallard's missing egg in this boardbook with full-page illustrations featuring peek-a-boo cutouts.
 id : 247808 ISBN : 0394971965  | name : Happy Worm  |  description : Labelled pictures introduce vocabulary and such concepts as cause and effect, opposites, and parts of a whole.
 id : 247809 ISBN : 0394979087  | name : Babar and the Ghost  |  description : The ghost of the Black Castle follows Babar and his family and friends back to Celesteville.
 id : 247810 ISBN : 0394996038  | name : Cinderella  |  description : With the help of her fairy godmother, a mistreated kitchen maid attends the palace ball on condition that she leave before midnight.
 id : 247812 ISBN : 0395297583  | name : Maggie's Woman's Book  |  description : A physical fitness guide for women features exercises for each part of the body, diets for improved health and weight loss, and common-sense advice on menstruation, pregnancy, menopause, taking medications and dealing with serious illnesses
 id : 247822 ISBN : 0395551552  | name : More Magic  |  description : Provides instructions for sixteen simple magic tricks using matchboxes, marbles, scarves, coins, rope, and other items. Includes tips on practicing, choosing a costume and a name, and performing.
 id : 247823 ISBN : 0395551579  | name : Cam Jansen and the Mystery of the Television Dog  |  description : Fifth-grader Cam uses her photographic memory, with help from her friend Eric and his twin sisters, to solve the mystery of Poochie, a famous canine television star.
 id : 247826 ISBN : 0395551749  | name : The House of Wings  |  description : Left with his grandfather until his parents are settled in Detroit, Sammy learns to respect and love the old man as they care for an injured crane together.
 id : 247827 ISBN : 0395681871  | name : Dear Old Donegal  |  description : Through the rhyming verses of this song an Irish immigrant to the United States relates his success in his new country and his delight at the prospect of going back to Ireland.
 id : 247828 ISBN : 0395689651  | name : Seven Spiders Spinning  |  description : When seven Siberian snow spiders, frozen during the Ice Age, defrost and escape en route to Harvard for analysis, they wreak havoc on a small New England town, disrupting the school Halloween pageant with hilarious results.
 id : 247829 ISBN : 0395710464  | name : Management  |  description : Now in its tenth edition, Management continues to offer a practical, student-oriented approach to four central themes: change, diversity, ethics, and globalization. Author Robert Kreitner relies on more than 30 years of research and teaching experience to ensure that students gain a solid understanding of management principles. In addition to coverage of timely and relevant issues such as corporate responsibility, the text promotes skill development through hands-on exercises and team-building activities. With all data and examples updated to reflect current trends, the Tenth Edition integrates issues from popular culture and media, putting topics in context and engaging students. A range of pedagogical features--including in-text and video cases, Internet activities, and interactive annotations--support students as they prepare for the rigors of contemporary management.
 id : 247830 ISBN : 0397316372  | name : Christmas Tree Crafts  |  description : Directions for making Christmas tree ornaments from felt. Patterns are included.
 id : 247831 ISBN : 0397318804  | name : Meet the Vampire  |  description : A discussion of vampires including how to recognize and banish them.
 id : 247832 ISBN : 0397320515  | name : Tractors  |  description : Relates the history of the tractor and shows the changes in design that have resulted in the diesel-powered giants of today.
 id : 247835 ISBN : 0399207279  | name : Four Scary Stories  |  description : When imps and goblins and scalawags get together in a dark place, they like to tell the scariest kind of stories they can think of: BOY stories! But who's that sneaking around to listen to them spin their spooky yarns? Can it be the scariest thing of all? An "American Bookseller" Pick of the Lists and IRA-CBC Children's Choice Book.
 id : 247836 ISBN : 0399208704  | name : The Good Giants and the Bad Pukwudgies  |  description : A collection of children's books on the subject of fables, folk and fairy tales.
 id : 247838 ISBN : 0399215697  | name : Herbie Jones and the Monster Ball  |  description : Strike-out king, Herbie Jones, feels that the summer is ruined when his uncle arrives to coach a baseball team and asks Herbie to join up.
 id : 247839 ISBN : 0399217851  | name : My First Halloween  |  description : Little children will learn about Halloween as they watch a family prepare for the holiday by cutting a jack-o-lantern, making decorations, and putting on costumes
 id : 247841 ISBN : 0399517375  | name : He Says, She Says  |  description : Explores the diverse ways in which men and women communicate, describing the differences in male and female communication patterns and explaining how to close the gender communication gap
 id : 247842 ISBN : 039961110X  | name : Ty Cobb, the Greatest  |  description : A biography of the Detroit Tiger star who is considered to be one of the greatest baseball players in history and who was elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1936.
 id : 247845 ISBN : 0425071022  | name : The Second Saladin  |  description : Years after his capture and torture by Soviet agents and the collapse of the Kurdish rebellion that he was aiding, CIA specialist Paul Chardy is drawn from retirement for one final mission
 id : 247846 ISBN : 0425091074  | name : The White Pipes  |  description : As the storyshaper spins her magic at the King's table, she realizes that she is being controlled by the white pipes and an evil magic more powerful than her own
 id : 247850 ISBN : 0425120910  | name : Night of a Thousand Pizzas  |  description : Ms. Weinstock at Hollis Elementary School made a mistake when she programmed the brand new, computerized pizza-maker to make one thousand pizzas instead of one hundred.
 id : 247851 ISBN : 0425160106  | name : Franais-anglais, Anglais-franais  |  description : Contains 48,000 words and phrases, translated from English to French and from French to English; and includes pronunciation guides, and verb tables.
 id : 247852 ISBN : 0439042992  | name : Meet the Stars of 7th Heaven  |  description : A guide for fans of the show offers background information on its creation, biographies of the cast, concentrating on the performers playing the teenagers, character descriptions, a view behind the scenes, and Website information
 id : 247853 ISBN : 0439045525  | name : Getting Around  |  description : Simple text and photographs present various ways to get around, including bikes, boats, planes, and donkeys.
 id : 247854 ISBN : 043908654X  | name : Meet the Women of American Soccer  |  description : Describes the origins and training of the United States Women's National Soccer Team, and introduces its members
 id : 247855 ISBN : 0439087481  | name : Buzz!  |  description : Presents information about a variety of insects, including flies, bees, butterflies, and caterpillars.
 id : 247856 ISBN : 0439087872  | name : Scooby-Doo! and the Hex Files  |  description : Scooby-Doo suspects that the Hex Girls, a rock group that pretends to be witches, is not pretending
 id : 247857 ISBN : 0439106028  | name : This Little Teletubby  |  description : The Teletubbies--Laa Laa, Dipsy, Po, and Tinky Winky--play out the popular "piggy" nursery rhyme in their own unique style.
 id : 247858 ISBN : 0439133718  | name : Clifford's New Friends  |  description : Clifford and Emily Elizabeth meet the new girl next door and her dog, Bruno, and together they determine who is the best dog of all.
 id : 247859 ISBN : 0439139392  | name : The Followers  |  description : Ten years earlier, while seeking a Sith Holocron, Sith leader Lundi encountered Jedis Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan, and now as the Sith are about to make a reappearance, Obi-Wan and his apprentice Anakin are forced to rely on the aid of Lundi.
 id : 247860 ISBN : 0439146070  | name : The King of Dragons  |  description : Having lost access to the old railroad station where they had been staying, homeless Ian and his father move into an unused city courthouse and try to avoid being discovered by the authorities.
 id : 247861 ISBN : 0439158141  | name : Dear Austin  |  description : In 1853, in letters to his older brother, eleven-year-old Levi describes his adventures in the Pennsylvania countryside with his black friend Jupiter and his experiences with the Underground Railroad.
 id : 247862 ISBN : 0439161142  | name : Tell it Like it is  |  description : Three boys and three girls answer questions about their lives.
 id : 247863 ISBN : 0439192625  | name : Beat the Drum!  |  description : A board book with a drum as part of the cover presents words from the familiar song, "This Old Man".
 id : 247864 ISBN : 0439193796  | name : Why Do Wolves Howl?  |  description : Questions and answers present information on the history, behavior, and characteristics of wolves and their interaction with humans.
 id : 247869 ISBN : 0439243971  | name : Battle for the Zephur Badge  |  description : Ash must confront a variety of problems, from having a Quagsire steal his special GS Pokâe ball to countering the latest tricky plan from Team Rocket, while he gets ready to compete for his first Johto League badge.
 id : 247870 ISBN : 0439264669  | name : Sweets and Treats  |  description : "Welcome to Candy Land! This book is filled with yummy smells like peppermints and cherries."--Cover p. [4]
 id : 247871 ISBN : 0439269865  | name : Fall Leaves Change Colors  |  description : This book explains why green leaves on many trees turn red, brown, yellow, and orange in autumn.
 id : 247875 ISBN : 0439399327  | name : That's No Puddle-- That's Angela  |  description : When three Martians are sent to conquer Earth, they fall in love with everything about the planet--fast food, video games, rock 'n' roll, and humans--so instead of conquering Earth, the Martians befriend three kids and save the human race.
 id : 247876 ISBN : 043940178X  | name : Doll Hospital Tatiana Comes to America  |  description : Text and photographs describe a "hospital" in mid-town Manhattan where a "doctor" restores dolls from all over the world.
 id : 247877 ISBN : 0439434556  | name : It's a Dog's Life  |  description : Thomas and his courageous canine companion are back in this exciting new McGrowl adventure. This time, they're out to solve a mystery involving a series of robberies and a new mayoral candidate. It's election time in Cedar Springs, and the sleepy town is in an uproar. All the fuss isn't just about who will be the new mayor, but about a series of mysterious robberies. It's Thomas and McGrowl to the rescue! The boy-and-dog dream team are on the case, determined to sniff out the truth behind the crimes. Things turn more exciting when Thomas and McGrowl meet Herbert Filbert, the mayoral candidate who seems just a tad bit suspicious. Is the candidate connected to the crimes? And if so, will Thomas and McGrowl be able to stop him before it's too late?
 id : 247889 ISBN : 0440163846  | name : Night, Sea and Stars  |  description : After surviving the crash of a Lear jet, fashion executive Skye Delaney finds herself stranded on a Pacific island with the plane's seductive pilot. Discovering that he is actually Kyle Jagger--a ruthless business tycoon with a reputation as an international playboy--at first makes Sky mistrustful. But soon, in a sultry Eden, she succumb's to Kyle's tender caresses.
 id : 247892 ISBN : 0440179807  | name : Short Grass  |  description : In Willow Creek, Steve Lewellyn, a gunfighter and drifter, helps Pete Lynch and his daughter Sharon battle Hal Fenton, a ruthless cattle baron. Despite Lewellyn's objections, Sharon persuades her father to sell his ranch to Fenton rather than fight to keep it, and Lewellyn moves on to Brokenbow, Kansas. After her father dies, Sharon also settles down in Brokenbow. Since Brokenbow has now become a major shipping center for cattle, Fenton drives his herd through the town and decides to take over Brokenbow, so he can use the fertile Kansas grassland. In a climactic gunfight, Lewellyn and other town members defeat Fenton and his men. Now realizing the necessity to fight for what is important, Sharon persuades Lewellyn to return with her to Willow Creek, so they can start over again.
 id : 247897 ISBN : 0440210666  | name : A Waiting Game  |  description : Abandoned by her wealthy boyfriend, James Harris, Georgia millworker's daughter Keena Whitman goes on to become a world-famous designer and returns to show the town--and James--how far she has come
 id : 247898 ISBN : 044021369X  | name : Fudge-a-mania  |  description : Pete describes the family vacation in Maine with the Tubmans, highlighted by the antics of his younger brother Fudge.
 id : 247900 ISBN : 0440405726  | name : The War Began at Supper  |  description : Students in Mrs. Clark's class write to their former student teacher, Miss Loria, about their concerns as war breaks out in the Persian Gulf.
 id : 247901 ISBN : 0440411262  | name : Camp Knock Knock  |  description : At summer camp, Willie is king of the knock-knock jokes. That is, until he is challenged by Crow, who claims to be the best at everything. So the campers decide to have a contest, and soon the jokes are flying fast and furious. Who will be the new knock-knock king?
 id : 247902 ISBN : 0440412692  | name : Nate the Great and the Tardy Tortoise  |  description : These chapter books introduce beginning readers to the detective mystery genre. Perfect for the Common Core, kids can problem-solve with Nate, using logical thinking to solve mysteries! The sun is shining, the birds are singing, and someone is eating the flowers in Nate the Great's garden. A green tortoise is slowly, slowly stepping across the lawn, and Nate is slowly, slowly following him. Where does Nate's green guest truly belong? It may take all of Nate the Great's patience and sharp eyesight to find out slowly.
 id : 247903 ISBN : 0440414261  | name : The Very Real Ghost Book of Christina Rose  |  description : After their mother dies in a plane crash, ten-year-old Christina and her twin brother move with their father to a seemingly haunted house in a strange neighborhood.
 id : 247905 ISBN : 0440700272  | name : Rufus M.  |  description : The further adventures of the Moffat family in which seven-year-old Rufus attempts to rescue the family from financial distress. Sequel to The Middle Moffat.
 id : 247906 ISBN : 0440800714  | name : In a Pig's Eye  |  description : Fourth-graders and best friends, Maisie Blumm and Glenda Jax, fight and make up as all best friends do, through everything from a dog show competititon to editing their own newspaper.
 id : 247909 ISBN : 0441248845  | name : Fossil Hunter  |  description : Toroca, the son of Afsan the Far-Seer and a geologist searching for the rare metals needed to take his species to the stars, discovers an artifact that may reveal the true origin of the dinosaurs. Original.
 id : 247911 ISBN : 0445209127  | name : Faith and Honor  |  description : Her husband's death years ago had killed any hope of passionate fulfillment, thinks Faith Ashley, and while she now dedicates herself to the cause of America's freedom, a meeting with British Lt. Fletcher Irons forges a potentially treasonous relationship
 id : 247912 ISBN : 0445408154  | name : Manifest Destiny  |  description : Set in the West of the 1880's, this is a biographical novel that dramatizes the coming of age of Theodore Roosevelt. Roosevelt's growth is traced through the writings and memories of several characters, each of whom sees him from their own perspective.
 id : 247913 ISBN : 0446306223  | name : Savage Blood  |  description : Torn Slater, fellow outlaw Sam Bass, and renegade Indian, Geronimo, join forces to plan a robbery, as J.P. Sutherland sets a trap for Slater
 id : 247914 ISBN : 0446357030  | name : Games Mother Never Taught You  |  description : A guide for women to making it in the corporate world discusses company loyalty, winning praise and recognition, sexual politics, and more. Reissue.
 id : 247918 ISBN : 044804501X  | name : Why Can't You See the Wind?  |  description : Simple questions and answers reveal basic facts about the weather.
 id : 247920 ISBN : 0448190893  | name : Little Rabbit Who Wanted Red Wings  |  description : A discontented little rabbit wishes for a pair of red wings, but the reaction of his mother and the other animals convinces him that it is better just to be himself.
 id : 247922 ISBN : 0448401304  | name : Baby's ABC  |  description : Airplane, balloon, cat, duck, eggs--eye-catching collage pictures of familiarobjects help small children learn their letters.
 id : 247923 ISBN : 0448412640  | name : True Blue  |  description : Blue has a very sharp nose. He can smell trouble from a mile away. But now Blue has disappeared and might be in trouble himself! Blue will have to be very brave if he wants to make it home to his owner, J.D.
 id : 247924 ISBN : 044846537X  | name : Who Lives in the Woods?  |  description : Text and illustrations introduce the characteristics of thirteen animals commonly found in the woods. Includes the chipmunk, opossum. beaver, barn owl, and otter.
 id : 247925 ISBN : 0449138364  | name : Crossfire Trail  |  description : The only thing Rafe held sacred was his word--and now he had sworn to a dying man that he would save his Long Valley ranch for his wife and daughter, Ann. But Ann thought Rafe was moving in for his own crooked gain, and played right into the deadly hands of the greedy ranchers plotting to destroy her.
 id : 247927 ISBN : 044920216X  | name : Lady Scandal  |  description : Lady Liza attempts to change her reputation of scandalous behavior and become respectable in order to launch her niece into society
 id : 247929 ISBN : 0449222241  | name : Autumn Loves  |  description : A collection of romantic tales features the story of a young woman determined to save her sisters from the altar, a woman who poses as the fiancee+a7 of a soldier killed in battle, and an arranged marriage torn apart by a handsome butler. Original.
 id : 247933 ISBN : 0451121228  | name : Return to Yesterday  |  description : Stacey Gordon leaves the safety of civilization and braves the dangers of the American frontier in order to be reunited with her lover, Ben Clayton
 id : 247935 ISBN : 0451134680  | name : Born to Win  |  description : "The clearest and easily the best popular book of them all." -Psychology Today. In this enriching volume, Dr. Muriel James, co-author of Passion for Life: Psychology and the Human Spirit, and Dr. Dorothy Jongeward, show that every person has the potential to be a winner: to be an authentic, alive, repsonsive, fulfilled human being. An imaginative guide for self-analysis, discovery and growth-complete with experiments and exercises you can do by yourself-Born to Win uses psychlogical insights to increase your awareness of the real power you have to direct your own life, to make decisions, to develop your own ethical system, to enhance the lives of others-and to understand that you were "Born To Win."
 id : 247936 ISBN : 0451169387  | name : A Love Match  |  description : Miss Rosemary Wyatt--a young and beautiful woman who is scared to death of men--cannot understand why the charming and handsome Stephen Huntington is after her when he could have the ravishing Clarissa Ravenwood
 id : 247938 ISBN : 0451186486  | name : American Blood  |  description : Jason Manning continues his successful mountain man adventures in the compelling Falconer Saga! Hugh Falconer--tracker, trapper, explorer, and mountain man extraordinaire--leads an American army deep into what is now New Mexico to claim it for the United States--and ends up caught in the middle of the deadly Taos rebellion!
 id : 247939 ISBN : 0451195264  | name : The Country Vet's Home Remedies for Cats  |  description : Written by experts in the veterinary field, this guide is filled with homespun advice and do-it-yourself treatments for many of the common problems experienced by your pets.
 id : 247941 ISBN : 0460870289  | name : Three Men in a Boat  |  description : Describes a comic expedition by middle-class Victorians up the Thames to Oxford.
 id : 247942 ISBN : 0471515353  | name : The Big Fix  |  description : How an unholy alliance of politics and money destroyed America's banking system.
 id : 247943 ISBN : 0471577103  | name : Political Babble  |  description : Following the success of Business Babble, the award-winning journalist and the highly regarded illustrator have again collaborated to bring you a collection of the 1,000 most silly, stupid, arrogant, offensive, racist and just plain dumb remarks politicians have ever placed on public record. Subjects covered range from war, peace and economics to ``Bushisms'' and ``Quayludes.''
 id : 247944 ISBN : 0486207897  | name : Mathematical Fun, Games and Puzzles  |  description : Brush up on your math skills with fun games and puzzles.
 id : 247945 ISBN : 0486214834  | name : Tangrams  |  description : This collection gathers together nearly 330 tangrams, the best creations of both Chinese and Occidental puzzle devisers. Puzzles range from the relatively easy to the difficult.
 id : 247952 ISBN : 0515121428  | name : Rebel County  |  description : More information to be announced soon on this forthcoming title from Penguin USA.
 id : 247954 ISBN : 051604639X  | name : The Story of the Nineteenth Amendment  |  description : A history of the movement to grant women the right to vote in the United States, which culminated in the nineteenth amendment to the Constitution in 1920 that permitted them to do so.
 id : 247957 ISBN : 0516088556  | name : Sweet Betsy from Pike  |  description : Betsy and Ike, from Pike, endure the hardships of the trip west during the California gold rush. Based on the folk song.
 id : 247958 ISBN : 0517035553  | name : Life in Ancient Rome  |  description : How children lived in Rome 2,000 years ago.
 id : 247959 ISBN : 0517052229  | name : Babar Goes on Vacation  |  description : Young readers can use the vocabulary words supplied to complete the tale of King Babar as he prepares to go on vacation.
 id : 247962 ISBN : 0517565994  | name : We're Back!  |  description : Creatures from prehistoric time travel to the twentieth century and create excitement at the Museum of Natural History in New York.
 id : 247963 ISBN : 0517576767  | name : Old Black Magic  |  description : Cynical detective B. F. Hopper, a former counterintelligence operative, is hired to find a serial killer responsible for a series of brutal murders aimed at a Colorado Buddhist sect
 id : 247965 ISBN : 0525111255  | name : Galatea  |  description : "The novel's narrator is Martin Browning, a young musician. His wife, who is somehow involved in the arcane world of multi-national corporations, has mysteriously disappeared. Martin searches for her first in Spain, where he thinks he has caught a glimpse of her riding in the back seat of a car between two men. Then he follows her trail to the eastern slopes of the Andes. Accompanied by Juan, who may or may not be a real person, he travels toward the Second City, the capital of the Anderson Valley Project, where he is sure he will find his wife. Once in the City he comes in contact with the Electric Whores, an astrologer who is also a werewolf, a deranged midget who serves as a judge, and a sweet-smelling angelic messenger—each revealing an aspect of this oddly distorted corporate society"--Goodreads website.
 id : 247966 ISBN : 0525420282  | name : Look, Look!  |  description : Graphic black and white illustrations show hands reaching, the sun shining, children smiling, flowers blooming, a cat stretching, and fish swimming.
 id : 247967 ISBN : 0525440585  | name : The Guinea Pig ABC  |  description : Each letter of the alphabet is illustrated by a word which applies to pictured guinea pigs.
 id : 247968 ISBN : 0525442332  | name : Visiting the Art Museum  |  description : As a family wanders through an art museum, they see examples of various art styles from primitive through twentieth-century pop art.
 id : 247969 ISBN : 0525442553  | name : The funny little woman  |  description : While chasing a dumpling, a little lady is captured by wicked creatures from whom she escapes with the means of becoming the richest woman in Japan.
 id : 247970 ISBN : 0525448780  | name : This is Not a Book about Dodos  |  description : An artist finds his favorite mountain view obscured by a huge flock of dodos but eventually comes to enjoy painting them as well.
 id : 247971 ISBN : 0525452672  | name : Shark Shock  |  description : Eleven-year-old Adam finds it easier to cope with some of his worries when he regains his ability to talk with his freckles and when he makes friends with a blind boy during the family's vacation at Cape May.
 id : 247972 ISBN : 0525458883  | name : Beyond the World of Pooh  |  description : Covering his much-publicized childhood, his war experiences, marriage, and proprietorship of a book shop, this book presents an intriguing portrait of the "real" Christopher Robin--in his own words.
 id : 247973 ISBN : 0525941479  | name : Zen and the Art of Fatherhood  |  description : "There is nothing to being a dad - and it takes everything you have to stay afloat in the murky yet enlightening stream every father must navigate. If this sounds like a contradiction or a brain-bashing Zen koan, welcome to the club of the fellow confused, and listen to the confessions of a father who's seen it all." "In this humorous and insightful account, Steven Lewis (a happily entrenched father of seven) mingles hilarious personal recollections from nearly thirty years of parenting with quiet reflections and quotes from admired Zen sages to capture the universal paradoxes, dilemmas, and rewards of fatherhood. While to the outside world a father of seven may appear to have the wisdom of a Zen master, to his kids he can seem as much a fool as a wise man. And to his inner self (and often to his wife) he seems like a pure fool, foolishly tripping over himself trying to play the role of a wise man. Yet in the end, he really does have some wisdom to share, and he'll show how you, too, can apply the sublime teachings of Zen to such essential paternal tasks as taming toddlers; balancing sex talks, lies, and video games; sneaking intimate moments alone with your mate; keeping your cool on your daughter's first date; surviving family vacations; and selecting the right college that is distant enough to keep your kids away on weekends." "Zen and the Art of Fatherhood is an essential guide for any man who already is a father or is about to embark on what is the most challenging and gratifying journey of his life."--BOOK JACKET.Title Summary field provided by Blackwell North America, Inc. All Rights Reserved
 id : 247975 ISBN : 0531012174  | name : Things We See  |  description : Photographs and text show the wide variety of things there are to see everywhere in the world of nature.
 id : 247976 ISBN : 053104470X  | name : Drawing Spaceships and Other Spacecraft  |  description : Instructions for drawing rockets, spaceships, space labs, the Space Shuttle, and space cruisers. Also includes information about space vehicles.
 id : 247977 ISBN : 0531045269  | name : Dinosaurs and the Age of Reptiles  |  description : Describes the origin of dinosaurs, their characteristics, and their eventual disappearance. Also discusses the discovery and investigation of dinosaur fossils and other kinds of reptiles that lived during the age of dinosaurs.
 id : 247979 ISBN : 0531068021  | name : Western Wind  |  description : Twelve-year-old Elizabeth resents being sent to stay on a small Maine island after the arrival of her new baby brother, but the time she spends with her artist grandmother and an unusual young neighbor help her to see things differently.
 id : 247980 ISBN : 0531083608  | name : Iktomi and the Boulder  |  description : Iktomi, a Plains Indian trickster, attempts to defeat a boulder with the assistance of some bats, in this story which explains why the Great Plains are covered with small stones.
 id : 247983 ISBN : 0531140210  | name : Store It!  |  description : Color photos and simple text explore different ways of saying "Store it."
 id : 247984 ISBN : 0531202534  | name : Beauty Pageants  |  description : Examines beauty pageants past and present, their contestants, and their possible future.
 id : 247985 ISBN : 0534003478  | name : Living in the Environment  |  description : Man and nature: an overview; Some concepts of ecology; Population, resources, and pollution; Earthmanship; environment and society; Enrichment studies.
 id : 247986 ISBN : 0534004490  | name : Logic and Contemporary Rhetoric  |  description : Examines political science, logic, English and uses critical reasoning techniques to show the common fallacies used in politics, the mass media, textbooks, and everyday conversation. Real-life examples are shown from TV, newspapers, magazines, textbooks.
 id : 247987 ISBN : 0553013289  | name : Tides of Love  |  description : Marianna Harper is torn between her love for Phillip Courtwright, the gentle and tender man she saves after a shipwreck, and the forceful and passionate sea captain Adam Street
 id : 247989 ISBN : 0553154184  | name : The Evil Wizard  |  description : An evil wizard has cast a spell on your town. He can make it snow in the summer and he can turn people into ice.
 id : 247990 ISBN : 0553156802  | name : The Green Slime  |  description : The reader is given choices to make in order to fight the green slime made from a chemistry set.
 id : 247991 ISBN : 0553157094  | name : Home in Time for Christmas  |  description : Youngsters travel back in time to Victorian London where they can either try to get home or stay to discover what an old-fashioned Christmas is all about.
 id : 247992 ISBN : 0553157396  | name : Encyclopedia Brown and the Case of the Mysterious Handprints  |  description : A stolen watermelon... Dueling kites... A blond wig left at the scene of the crime... And a smashed wristwatch whose time has run out! These are just some of the ten brain-twisting mysteries that Encyclopedia Brown must solve by using his famous computerlike brain. Try to crack the cases along with him--the answers to all the mysteries are found in the back!
 id : 247994 ISBN : 0553230018  | name : Sky Liners #12  |  description : The adventures of members of the Sackett family in the frontier West.
 id : 247996 ISBN : 0553348310  | name : Booker Meets the Easter Bunny  |  description : Booker sets a trap for the Easter Bunny, so that he can have all the candy for himself, but learns it's best to share.
 id : 247997 ISBN : 0553351478  | name : The Show-And-Tell Frog  |  description : Allie finds a frog for show-and-tell, but he disappears before she can take him to school.
 id : 247998 ISBN : 0553373412  | name : Button Soup  |  description : This is a modern retelling of the classic Stone Soup. The gentle tale of cooperation and friendship is warmly brought to life by Estrada's rich, autumnal paintings. Full color.
 id : 247999 ISBN : 0553442449  | name : Magic in Pastel  |  description : Will Nordstrom pays a bundle to bring the magical, beautiful Pastel Marx out of retirement to model for his company, but he must defeat Pastel's past before she can return his love
 id : 248000 ISBN : 0553443127  | name : Tall Order  |  description : Garnet Brindisi craves the touch of Gray Kincaid, an ex-basketball star called "the Iceman," but worries that his conventional nature will not tolerate her wild side. Original.
 id : 248001 ISBN : 0553444077  | name : The Rebel and His Bride  |  description : Determined to get answers from Annabelle Pace, who left suddenly in the middle of their once-idyllic romance, Gregory Talbott finds his old feelings returning in full force, but Annabelle refuses to play second fiddle to his causes. Original.
 id : 248002 ISBN : 0553445618  | name : Second Time Lucky  |  description : A young mother, Dayna pairs up with the brother of her deceased husband, who appears on her doorstep one day determined to help her raise her sons. Original.
 id : 248003 ISBN : 0553480243  | name : They're Torturing Teachers in Room 104  |  description : It's sixth graders 5, teachers 0 in Room 104 at the Marbledale School where no teacher has lasted more than a week, that is, until Ms. Merriweather takes up the "104 challenge."
 id : 248004 ISBN : 0553481339  | name : Encyclopedia Brown Lends a Hand  |  description : Match Wits With The World's Greatest Boy Sleuth A huge footprint in the soft earth . . . counterfeit money in a bird's nest . . . threatening letter . . . an exploding toilet . . . a missing silver dollar . . . and a stolen newspaper clipping that could be valuable! These are the only traces left at the scene of ten brain-twisting crimes. But it's that Encyclopedia Brown, boy super sleuth, needs to solve them. Answers are in the back, but can you solve the mysteries first?
 id : 248005 ISBN : 0553481606  | name : Heads Up!  |  description : Young readers test their knowledge of the world of sports in more than thirty-five puzzles--including name games, word searches, crosswords, and more--about their favorite sports and some of today's hottest athletes. Original.
 id : 248006 ISBN : 055348253X  | name : Creepy Sleepaway  |  description : Someone has kidnapped Hector at a sleepaway camp in the Catskill Mountains and the kids need the Ghostwriter to help them solve the crime.
 id : 248007 ISBN : 0553483285  | name : It Happened at Camp Pine Tree  |  description : Camp Pine Tree is awesome. Rustic old cabins, a great sports program, and pretty decent food. Last year you really lucked out -- you had Joel, the coolest counselor there. He taught you how to sail on Pine Lake. And he knew all the good trails through the woods. But Joel isn't here this year. He's disappeared. Vanished. Gone. You know nothing would keep Joel from Camp Pine Tree. Nothing human, that is. What happens next in this bone-chilling story? It all depends on the choices you make. How will your nightmare end? Only you can find out. And the best part is that you can keep reading and rereading, getting new chills and thrills -- until not one but all of your worst nightmares have come true!
 id : 248008 ISBN : 055348351X  | name : Too Close for Comfort  |  description : Unicorns only... The Unicorns are back -- the real Unicorns, that is.Remember all those girls we were hanging out with who weren't really Unicorn material? We're through with them. Now they're calling themselves -- get this -- the Angels. Pretty dumb name, huh? But I guess it suits a bunch of goody-goodies. Well, the Unicorns won't be bothered by the Angels anytime soon-because we're quarantined for German measles! Now, I know most people would be really bummed, but when you're a Unicorn, you know how to wear a few spots in style. We're shacked up in Lila Fowler's mansion -- no non-Unicorns allowed! Perfect, right? Right. Only, I wonder what the Angels are doing right now.... The Unicorns are back and better than ever!
 id : 248009 ISBN : 055348480X  | name : Hector's Haunted House  |  description : Hector and his mom are moving from their apartment into a house--their first one ever. They can't wait to make it a home. Then Hector gets a scary note, warning him that the house is haunted. Pretty soon he starts seeing and hearing things that make him want to move out forever. The Ghostwriter Team must find out who's haunting the house before Hector and his mother are driven away.
 id : 248010 ISBN : 0553560018  | name : The Secret of Mystery Hill  |  description : While on a class trip to an ancient monument, readers must journey through time to a dense forest and encounter strange people from a mystical time and place.
 id : 248011 ISBN : 0553560050  | name : Everest Adventure!  |  description : In an interactive adventure, the reader is assigned to an expedition to the world's highest mountain, where decisions can mean life or death.
 id : 248012 ISBN : 0553564552  | name : The Team  |  description : Interviews with the cast of the television program Ghostwriter.
 id : 248013 ISBN : 0553566180  | name : Death in the Dorm  |  description : Readers are placed in the character of a private prep school student who discovers the dead body of a roommate who did not seem suicidal, in a dramatic adventure with several possible endings. Original.
 id : 248014 ISBN : 0553567462  | name : Master of Kendo  |  description : You've been given a once-in-a-lifetime chance to go to Japan and study the ancient art of kendo, a form of fencing using bamboo sticks. When your martial arts master gives you the good news, he also lets you in on a secret. He has a mysterious sword that once belonged to a famous Japanese general named Hideyoshi. But he refuses to discuss the sword any further with you. Why does your sensei have this sword--and why does everybody else seem to want it? There's not much time to think though--Yakuza gangsters are chasing you down, and you'd better be ready to use your kendo skills!
 id : 248015 ISBN : 0553567470  | name : Cyberhacker  |  description : You are a computer hacker of the future, and the future is really different. You are able to perform virtual reality "dives" into the computer itself--the Cyberverse--and explore limitless worlds. Which is really great, until your friend and hacking partner Greg disappears. Did the police nab Greg for hacking crimes? Or is someone or something much worse behind his disappearance?
 id : 248016 ISBN : 0553567500  | name : Ninja Avenger  |  description : Your friend Nada signed a piece of paper she shouldn't have, and now you could both be in big trouble. So the two of you travel into the twenty-first century to try to get the paper back and destroy it. But first you must face the deadliest robot ever created--the ninja cyborg. Should you use judo to stop the ninjaborg? Or can you defeat it with a Zen riddle that will tie up its logic systems?
 id : 248017 ISBN : 0553567535  | name : Killer Virus  |  description : First you get a skull-crunching headache. Then your eyes turn red. Blood bubbles from your mouth and eye sockets. These are the symptoms of a deadly new virus--and they are always followed by death. You and your uncle are traveling with a team of doctors, scientists, and veterinarians to the hot zone where this new virus has struck. Together you will try to discover the source of the virus and help those already stricken with it. Could the virus be the deadly Ebola? Or something far worse?
 id : 248018 ISBN : 0553567551  | name : River of No Return  |  description : You're on a whitewater rafting trip along Montana's Anacasta River. Plunging through the rapids in a rubber raft is exciting--and dangerous. There's a reason why the Anacasta is called the River of No Return. Go one way, and you'll have a safe trip down the river. Go another, and you'd better be wearing your life vest!
 id : 248019 ISBN : 0553567586  | name : Mayday!  |  description : You are the co-pilot--with your cousin, Eddie--of Polaris 180, a small twin-engine plane. Through bad weather and mechanical difficulties, you and Eddie must fly supplies and passengers to remote areas of Alaska. And when you make an emergency landing in Alaska's Blue Foot Lake, you also get the chance to explore a cave where prehistoric bones have been discovered......
 id : 248020 ISBN : 0553569015  | name : Riding Toward Home  |  description : When a drifter tries to return a teenage hitchhiker to her hometown near Lake Michigan, he finds himself in the midst of a dark scandal involving a series of murders and a town full of greed and corruption. Original.
 id : 248021 ISBN : 0570048257  | name : Harrison Town  |  description : Adults love this personal, humorous collection of stories of a small town and its colorful residents. This book brings God's word into the reality we know and reveals touching insights about God's grace and our own personal faith.
 id : 248024 ISBN : 0573693412  | name : Phantom  |  description : 30m, 7f, plus ensemble (doubling possible.) / Ints./exts. This mesmerizing Phantom is traditional musical theatre in the finest sense. The Tony award winning authors of Nine have transformed Gaston Leroux' The Phantom of the Opera into a sensation that enraptures audiences and critics with beautiful songs and an expertly crafted book. It is constructed around characters more richly developed than in any other version, including the original novel. "Everything is first rate." - N.Y. Daily News
 id : 248026 ISBN : 0590065858  | name : Karen's Pony Camp  |  description : Karen and her friends go to pony camp expecting to have lots of fun but discover that they have to work at it.
 id : 248027 ISBN : 0590065890  | name : Karen's Pilgrim  |  description : Karen wants her report on Thanksgiving to be extra special. She plans to show the class some great souvenirs from a family trip to Plimoth Plantation. But Karen's best enemy wants to ruin Karen's project. How will Karen ever make her report special now?
 id : 248029 ISBN : 059009887X  | name : Bedtime for Frances  |  description : Frances has trouble going to sleep because of frightening sounds and objects that may be going to get her. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 248030 ISBN : 0590115057  | name : We Love Fall  |  description : In simple text tells of the activities that are done in the fall.
 id : 248031 ISBN : 0590117653  | name : Night Creatures  |  description : A brief introduction to nocturnal animals, emphasizing owls and bats.
 id : 248032 ISBN : 0590252267  | name : Free Willy 2  |  description : Reuniting with the beloved whale friend he once rescued, Jesse is called upon to save the day again when an oil spill threatens Willy's family and the oil company plans to put two younger orcas in an aquarium.
 id : 248033 ISBN : 0590259458  | name : "What is That?" Said the Cat  |  description : An assortment of animals tries different ways to get a big box open, only to be VERY surprised by what is inside.
 id : 248034 ISBN : 0590259989  | name : Karen's Toys  |  description : Karen and Andrew want to buy the toys from an action movie, 'Space Game, ' but their mom doesn't approve of guns. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 248035 ISBN : 0590273639  | name : Fresh Fall Leaves  |  description : Describes the many things one can do with fallen leaves.
 id : 248036 ISBN : 0590302647  | name : Tooley! Tooley!  |  description : The reward for finding a lost dog sends two young boys to the movies.
 id : 248037 ISBN : 0590305638  | name : A Koala Grows Up  |  description : Follows the activities and adventures of a koala bear from birth until two years of age when he leaves his mother to look for a mate.
 id : 248039 ISBN : 059031792X  | name : The Closed Circle  |  description : When her family moves to a new town, twelve-year-old Audrey has no trouble making friends. But she finds it harder to gain the same acceptance for her new friend Hope, ostracized because of her strict Pennsylvania Dutch background.
 id : 248040 ISBN : 0590318977  | name : A Baby Sister for Frances  |  description : In a highly networked world, where governments must cope with increasingly complex and inter-related policy problems, the capacity of policy makers to work intergovernmentally is not an option but a necessity.Gregory Inwood, Carolyn Johns, and Patricia O'Reilly offer unique insights into intergovernmental policy capacity, revealing what key decision-makers and policy advisors behind the scenes think the barriers are to improved intergovernmental policy capacity and what changes they recommend. Senior public servants from all jurisdictions in Canada discuss the ideas, institutions, actors, and relations that assist or impede intergovernmental policy capacity. Covering good and bad economic times and comparing insiders' concerns and recommendations with those of scholars of federalism, public policy, and public administration, they provide a comparative analysis of major policy areas across fourteen governments.Intergovernmental policy capacity, while of increasing importance, is not well understood. By examining how the Canadian federation copes with today's policy challenges, the authors provide guideposts for federations and governments around the world working on the major policy issues of our day.
 id : 248041 ISBN : 0590327844  | name : The Riddle of Raven Hollow  |  description : Bart decides to do his own investigation of the events which are giving the ravine along his paper route the reputation of being haunted.
 id : 248043 ISBN : 0590334263  | name : The Carrot Top Mystery  |  description : Young readers are encouraged to place stickers throughout a story involving the disappearance of Edward Rabbit's garden in order to fill in the missing clues of the mystery. Reissue.
 id : 248044 ISBN : 0590335898  | name : Clifford's Good Deeds  |  description : Clifford, a very big dog who always overdoes his good deeds, finds something to do that is his size. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 248045 ISBN : 0590336770  | name : The Tortoise and the Hare  |  description : Recounts the race between the boastful hare and the persevering tortoise.
 id : 248046 ISBN : 0590336991  | name : The Biggest Pumpkin Ever  |  description : Desmond and Clayton must work together to win the Biggest Pumpkin competition, in this popular bestselling picture book
 id : 248047 ISBN : 0590373862  | name : How to Write and Decode Secret Messages  |  description : Describes various types of codes and ciphers to write secret messages, including the pinhole code, the inside-out code, and the pigpen code.
 id : 248049 ISBN : 0590401815  | name : Pets are for Keeps  |  description : Valentine Taylor, the daughter of a veterinarian, must save the life of an injured horse, as well as deal with other problems, while helping her father in his clinic.
 id : 248050 ISBN : 0590406310  | name : Franklin in the Dark  |  description : Franklin is afraid of small dark places, and this is a real problem because he is a turtle. What will Franklin do?
 id : 248051 ISBN : 0590409395  | name : Sherman Is a Slowpoke  |  description : A slow sloth decides to go to school to learn how to think.
 id : 248052 ISBN : 0590410326  | name : Dinosaurs and More Dinosaurs  |  description : A factual account of 46 different kinds of dinosaurs.
 id : 248055 ISBN : 0590413600  | name : Questions and Answers about Sharks  |  description : Provides basic information about sharks through use of the question and answer format.
 id : 248056 ISBN : 0590414615  | name : Week in the Life of Best Friends  |  description : A collection of poems describing some of the joys and sorrows of friendship.
 id : 248057 ISBN : 0590416790  | name : Aladdin and the Wonderful Lamp  |  description : The tale of a poor boy and the magical lamp that changes the course of his life is retold for young readers. Full color.
 id : 248058 ISBN : 0590417096  | name : All the Pretty Horses  |  description : A little girl dreams of horses.
 id : 248059 ISBN : 0590417290  | name : The Hallo-wiener  |  description : All the other dogs make fun of Oscar the dachshund until one Halloween when, dressed as a hot dog, Oscar bravely rescues the others.
 id : 248061 ISBN : 0590427369  | name : How Puppies Grow  |  description : Describes the first six weeks of six puppies' lives as they nurse, sleep, learn to walk, eat solid food, and interact with other dogs.
 id : 248062 ISBN : 0590428039  | name : Gift Horse  |  description : Val saves her money so that her horse may have an operation to save his eyes, but she is troubled by the fact that if the operation fails, he may lose his sight completely.
 id : 248063 ISBN : 0590428578  | name : Summer Magic  |  description : Two children are mysteriously transported back into time while visiting a house in a museum.
 id : 248064 ISBN : 0590428918  | name : The Hungry Thing Returns  |  description : Hungry Thing and his daughter visit a school and ask for flamburgers, bellyjeans, and blownuts to eat.
 id : 248065 ISBN : 0590431625  | name : This is the Way We Go to School  |  description : Describes, in text and illustrations, the many different modes of transportation children all over the world use to get to school.
 id : 248068 ISBN : 0590440756  | name : Bo Jackson  |  description : Traces the baseball and football player's career from his boyhood in Alabama, through his years as a schoolboy and college star, and his decision to try a career in both sports, to his present remarkable position.
 id : 248069 ISBN : 059044252X  | name : Beyond Belief  |  description : A look at some of the world's strangest mysteries discusses the woman who burst into flames in the middle of a crowded dance floor, the man who reported a UFO sighting and then disappeared forever, and others. Original.
 id : 248070 ISBN : 0590443860  | name : A Winter Day  |  description : A family enjoys a winter day of relaxation and fun.
 id : 248071 ISBN : 0590443895  | name : Five Minutes' Peace  |  description : Mrs. Large tries to take a peaceful, relaxing bath but her family has other ideas.
 id : 248072 ISBN : 059044798X  | name : Dinosaurs' Christmas  |  description : Santa has the flu and the elves are making toy dinosaurs all wrong. Rex and his dog Bones set out to save Christmas--with a little help from their dinosaur friend.
 id : 248073 ISBN : 0590448366  | name : Sometimes I Feel Like a Mouse  |  description : A child imagines becoming a variety of animals while experiencing different feelings, a howling wolf for sad, a soaring eagle for proud, a stomping elephant for bold, and others.
 id : 248074 ISBN : 0590448404  | name : It Zwibble and the Greatest Clean-Up Ever!  |  description : When the Zwibble Dibble family discovers that a favorite picnic spot has been ruined by litter, It Zwibble, the dinosaur fairy, convinces them to clean it up.
 id : 248075 ISBN : 0590448439  | name : Shadows Are About  |  description : Shadows are alive, climbing, spinning, swooping, and stretching with everything around them during the bright sunny day but when night falls...the shadows disappear.
 id : 248076 ISBN : 0590451278  | name : Never Say Boo to a Ghost  |  description : Poems to chill your blood and make you die laughing about ghosts, witches, vampires, zombies, and headless horsemen, monsters, werewolves, and haunted houses.
 id : 248077 ISBN : 0590454889  | name : Moondance  |  description : Bear fulfills his dream of dancing with the moon.
 id : 248080 ISBN : 0590461915  | name : My Messy Room  |  description : A stubborn young girl describes how she likes to keep her room very messy.
 id : 248083 ISBN : 0590466917  | name : Have You Seen Trees?  |  description : Illustrations and rhyming text introduce the characteristics of common trees
 id : 248085 ISBN : 0590478400  | name : It's Pumpkin Time!  |  description : See how seeds grow into pumpkins and become jack-o-lanterns.
 id : 248086 ISBN : 0590484745  | name : The Spray-paint Mystery  |  description : When someone begins painting graffiti on walls throughout the town, Cameron Thompson, a detective's son, teams up with his best friend, Tarann, to figure out if a new kid, a school artist, or a scary guy is the culprit. Original.
 id : 248087 ISBN : 0590485121  | name : The Pet that I Want  |  description : A child has a very particular pet in mind, a dinosaur!
 id : 248088 ISBN : 0590516086  | name : Magnet Science  |  description : Relates the discovery of magnetism, discusses the principles behind it, and suggests experiments which offer a "hands-on" explanation of how it works.
 id : 248089 ISBN : 0590523821  | name : Karen's Chicken Pox  |  description : Karen is worried she may catch the chicken pox, which would ruin Halloween.
 id : 248090 ISBN : 0590539604  | name : Somebody and the Three Blairs  |  description : In a reversal of the Goldilocks story, a bear explores the home of the three Blairs while they are out.
 id : 248091 ISBN : 0590543504  | name : A Day in the Life of a Baseball Player, Mo Vaughn  |  description : Provides an up-close, realistic glimpse into a typical day for Mo Vaughn, the popular first baseman for the Boston Red Sox.
 id : 248092 ISBN : 0590603906  | name : Blood Spell  |  description : Transformed into a vampire by her rival Rina, a vengeful Chelsea forms a pact with the evil Vlad, a centuries-old vampire who promises to reunite Chelsea with her boyfriend if she will deliver Rina to him. Original.
 id : 248093 ISBN : 0590635980  | name : Little Red Caboose  |  description : Simple rhythmic text and illustrations describe the actions of the last car on a train. Includes related puzzles and activities.
 id : 248094 ISBN : 0590649337  | name : Howl-a-Ween  |  description : Her entire family is turned upside down when Kate brings home a special jack-o'-lantern that has the magical power to put some excitement into her usually boring household. Original.
 id : 248095 ISBN : 0590651730  | name : Michael Jordan  |  description : An introduction to the life and career of Michael Jordan follows his early childhood struggles and his history-making sports triumphs, in an easy-to-read book that provides fifteen full-color photographs. Original.
 id : 248098 ISBN : 0590691910  | name : Karen's Bunny  |  description : Karen and Andrew are thrilled with the Easter baskets of live bunnies from their grandmother, until they discover what troublemakers they can be.
 id : 248099 ISBN : 0590691929  | name : Karen's Big Job  |  description : Karen visits her stepmother, Elizabeth, at work, and her stepmother is a big hit when she visits Karen's class.
 id : 248100 ISBN : 0590691945  | name : Karen's Telephone Trouble  |  description : Karen loves talking on the phone, chatting with her friends and calling 900 numbers to hear jokes and her horoscope. But she finds herself in a mess when the phone bill arrives!
 id : 248102 ISBN : 0590957120  | name : Home Alone 3  |  description : At home alone with the chicken pox, young Alex must outwit four mobsters who are after the secret microchip he found, and he thwarts them with a series of amazing booby traps.
 id : 248104 ISBN : 0590967975  | name : Stellaluna  |  description : After she falls headfirst into a bird's nest, a baby bat is raised like a bird until she is reunited with her mother.
 id : 248105 ISBN : 0590981684  | name : It Happens to Everyone  |  description : Both Michael and a new teacher nervously prepare for the first day of school.
 id : 248106 ISBN : 0670133698  | name : Arrow to the Sun  |  description : An adaptation of the Pueblo Indian myth which explains how the spirit of the Lord of the Sun was brought to the world of men.
 id : 248107 ISBN : 0670825182  | name : Henrietta Szold  |  description : A biography of the leader who fought to improve the lives of Jewish people.
 id : 248109 ISBN : 067101482X  | name : Alien Terror  |  description : As the legend goes, an alien landed in the cornfields of Metier, Wisconsin. After a short while most of the aliens left. But others assimilated and cross-bred with humans. These children have lived ordinary lives--until now. At age 13, these offspring will manifest their alien powers . . . and have been targeted for termination. In "Alien Terror", Ethan Rogers used to be a wimp. But suddenly he knows martial arts, wrestling moves, combat skills and even weaponry. He'd think it was pretty cool--if he wasn't running for his life.
 id : 248110 ISBN : 0671014846  | name : Alien Scream  |  description : Jack Raynes ignored the anonymous note he got on his 13th birthday saying his life was in danger. That was a big mistake. Since he turned 13, he can suddenly speak several languages fluently--and he overheard someone talking about killing him in a language not even human.
 id : 248111 ISBN : 0671042017  | name : The Penguin Skates  |  description : Michelle tries to rescue Rachel Tilly from playing in a humiliating comedy skating show.
 id : 248116 ISBN : 067147555X  | name : The Haunted Carousel  |  description : Nancy Drew finds more than one mystery to solve when she searches for the reason an amusement park carousel turns itself on during the night.
 id : 248117 ISBN : 0671497561  | name : Halloween Fun  |  description : A wide variety of holiday activities, including party hints & projects.
 id : 248120 ISBN : 0671531107  | name : The Little Bunny  |  description : On a bright Spring day, fluffy Little Bunny takes his favorite animal friends on a fun-filled picnic.
 id : 248121 ISBN : 0671536664  | name : My Foolish Heart  |  description : A collection of whimsical cartoons illustrates the feelings surrounding love, from the highs of a new romance to the devastation of a breakup, from the feelings of utter loneliness to the frenzy of preparing for a first date. Original.
 id : 248125 ISBN : 0671578502  | name : A Boy and His Tank  |  description : A combat veteran of virtual reality has to face real warfare on a planet where deadly radiation has forced the inhabitants to burrow deep underneath layers of gold to live out their lives. As tank warfare combines with virtual reality, the galaxy will never be the same.
 id : 248126 ISBN : 067157860X  | name : The Reformer  |  description : When philosopher Adrian Gellert touches the holy relic containing the minds of the human Raj and the computer called Center, he is launched into a perilous journey with the future of all humankind at stake.
 id : 248127 ISBN : 0671623273  | name : Satin Dolls  |  description : Tells the story of Lucy, a former slave, and her descendants, Sarah, Bobby, Tess, and Carmen, who is determined to find stardom as a singer
 id : 248129 ISBN : 0671645382  | name : Mommy and Me  |  description : Brief text and illustrations show the activities of young children and their mothers. On board pages.
 id : 248130 ISBN : 0671661639  | name : The New Pritikin Program  |  description : The author updates his father's proven diet in a comprehensive but eminently flexible program to reduce fat and cholesterol and promote good health
 id : 248131 ISBN : 0671677764  | name : Kitchen Chemistry  |  description : Using the simple diagrams and clear photos in this book, along with items found around the house, children can measure the weight of air, launch a balloon rocket, and perform other fun feats
 id : 248132 ISBN : 0671679589  | name : Esmeralda and the Pet Parade  |  description : Juan's rambunctious goat Esmeralda threatens to fulfill his friends' predictions and disrupt the pet parade.
 id : 248133 ISBN : 0671698745  | name : The Dream Master  |  description : Dream therapist Charles Render meets the ultimate challenge to his skills when he enters the dreams of a blind woman in order to help her see
 id : 248134 ISBN : 0671701134  | name : If God Wanted Us to Travel--  |  description : A comic guide to surviving away from home offers advice on how to annoy hotel housekeepers, chase away cult members at an airport, and scam a free meal
 id : 248135 ISBN : 0671705660  | name : The Tap Dance Mystery  |  description : Amidst the school's preparation for Parent's Night, Eagle-Eye Ernie solves the mystery of a pair of missing tap shoes.
 id : 248136 ISBN : 0671735047  | name : Sidekicks  |  description : Wildcat and Fraidycat, feline soccer players of different temperaments, discover that they can both be on the team if they learn the rules, play fair, and try hard.
 id : 248137 ISBN : 0671739263  | name : I Love You, Let's Work It Out  |  description : As more and more couples seek to preserve their most cherished relationships, Dr. David Viscott reaches out to guide you through the rough spots - with problem-solving strategies that really work! Dr. Viscott's step-by-step exercises, real-life case histories, and compassionate, clear-sighted analysis will help you and your partner explore:
 id : 248138 ISBN : 0671757075  | name : Alibi for an Actress  |  description : Hired to protect Lucinda Merrill, the star of a low-rated soap opera, from an obsessed fan, struggling actress Annie McGrogan begins the job with enthusiasm, until Merrill's husband is murdered and Annie is named the number one suspect.
 id : 248141 ISBN : 0671876090  | name : Dragon's Eye  |  description : Short stories by Mike Resnick, Jody Lynn Nye, Diane Duane, William R. Forstchen, and others provide a fantasy journey into the world of dragons of legend and lore
 id : 248143 ISBN : 0671887858  | name : Prince William  |  description : A biography fo the fifteen-year-old boy who will one day become England's King William V.
 id : 248144 ISBN : 0672301504  | name : Visual C++ Object-oriented Programming  |  description : Powerful and practical examples of object-oriented applications. Disk contains all the source code and executable files for all the book's examples. Extensive coverage of the Microsoft Foundation Class Library.
 id : 248145 ISBN : 0672304678  | name : Sybase Developer's Guide  |  description : This book shows all aspects of installation and configuration of Sybase SQL Servers for all platforms including the connection of PCs and UNIX workstations over networks. It deals with the systems integration planning and implementation issues posed by introducing Sybase to an environment for the first time. Disk contains all source code from the book.
 id : 248147 ISBN : 0672304732  | name : Client/server Computing  |  description : Information technology has changed dramatically over the last few years, and it will continue evolving. These rapid changes have left many businesses unable to take advantage of the potential to be more competitive through improved quality, increased service, quicker time to market for products, reduced costs, and higher profits. Client/Server Computing is geared to position companies to take advantage of the new technologies available. This book is written in an easy-to-understand manner so that both IS professionals and traditional managers and executives can comprehend and appreciate the workings and benefits of client/server computing. Plus, the detailed charts and graphics make this an ideal tool for internal presentation of ideas and training.
 id : 248148 ISBN : 067230483X  | name : Teach Yourself Borland C++ 4 in 21 Days  |  description : A 21-day tutorial that instructs the reader in the fundamentals of Borland C++ 4 through a variety of teaching elements. The 21 days structure provides a logical and easy-to-follow sequence. Handy references with short examples are provided in shaded syntax boxes. Daily lessons, review sections, and clear examples of everyday programming code are included.
 id : 248149 ISBN : 0672304899  | name : Teach Yourself Visual C++ 1.5 in 21 Days  |  description : A twenty-one-lesson course enables readers to develop proficiency in Visual C++++ Version 1.5 with clear syntax examples, Do's and Don'ts sections, and emphasis on such important topics as I/O, structures, strings, and the MFC Library. Original. (Beginner).
 id : 248150 ISBN : 0672305933  | name : Develop a Professional Visual C++ Application in 21 Days  |  description : The ideal follow-up to the bestselling Teach Yourself series, this guide shows readers how to take their programming knowledge to produce commercial quality software. This book also discusses building demo modes for marketing, debugging, and the thought process that goes into developing a full, rich program. The disk contains source code and executables and auxiliary files.
 id : 248152 ISBN : 0672318164  | name : Sams Teach Yourself Today E-genealogy  |  description : Finding your family roots online.
 id : 248156 ISBN : 0679759271  | name : Lethal Passage  |  description : Follows the journey of a handgun, from its manufacture through its violent odyssey into the hands of a disturbed teenager who uses it to kill a teacher, and raises painful questions about the legal and cultural realities of firearms.
 id : 248157 ISBN : 0679765425  | name : The New Yorker Book of Dog Cartoons  |  description : 101 cartoons.
 id : 248158 ISBN : 0679800735  | name : Richard Scarry's Just Right Word Book  |  description : Captioned illustrations introduce objects in Bunny's bedroom, bathroom, and outside the Rabbits' home, in such places as the playground, farm, airport, grocery store, harbor, and doctor's office.
 id : 248159 ISBN : 0679803866  | name : Ducklings Love  |  description : Ducklings love waddling, walking, fishing, drinking, and sleeping all cozy with their beaks tucked under their wings.
 id : 248160 ISBN : 0679805109  | name : The Nutcracker  |  description : The original tale of a make-believe world and a young girl's ascent into adulthood is vividly portrayed.
 id : 248161 ISBN : 0679807896  | name : Time for School, Little Dinosaur  |  description : Despite the laughter of his friend Spikey, Little Dinosaur finds that his summer preparations for school pay off when the time comes to go to school.
 id : 248162 ISBN : 0679812415  | name : The Headless Horseman  |  description : A superstitious schoolmaster, in love with a wealthy farmer's daughter, has a terrifying encounter with a headless horseman.
 id : 248163 ISBN : 0679814523  | name : Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Pizza Party  |  description : A Step 1 Book, Preschool-Grade 1. Full-color photographs.
 id : 248164 ISBN : 0679818391  | name : The Ogre Downstairs  |  description : When a disagreeable man with two boys marries a widow with three children, family adjustments are complicated by two magic chemistry sets which cause strange things to happen around the house.
 id : 248167 ISBN : 0679838686  | name : Bedtime for Bunnies  |  description : When their mother says it is time for bed, the Funnybunny children disappear. Each page has a cut-out showing a hiding place.
 id : 248168 ISBN : 0679846964  | name : Wacky Jacks  |  description : Janet and her cousin Herman "Houdini" Foster investigate the mystery of their pet gerbil's disappearance from their classroom.
 id : 248169 ISBN : 0679847022  | name : Tooter Pepperday  |  description : Hating to leave her familiar surroundings, Tooter resorts to sabotage when her family moves from their suburban home to Aunt Sally's farm.
 id : 248170 ISBN : 0679854592  | name : Mother Grouch Nursery Rhymes  |  description : Traditional nursery rhymes with a Sesame Street Flavor. Each rhyme has a special scene depicting the gang from Sesame Street under the lift-up flap.
 id : 248171 ISBN : 0679856226  | name : Amazing Anthony Ant  |  description : In a fun-filled activity book, young readers sing the "Anthony Ant Song," lifting the flaps to end each verse, follow finger mazes to see Anthony's underground insect world, and search for Anthony in each colorful spread. Children's BOMC.
 id : 248172 ISBN : 0679858156  | name : The Berenstain Bears and the Galloping Ghost  |  description : Story of a ghost on a horse.
 id : 248173 ISBN : 0679860061  | name : The Little Red Barn  |  description : A variety of farm animals move into a dilapidated old barn, and by the next summer they win a prize for having the best-loved barn on the block
 id : 248174 ISBN : 067986699X  | name : The Changeling  |  description : Twelve-year-old Charlie must fiddle all night to save his sister who has been kidnapped by faeries.
 id : 248175 ISBN : 0679873643  | name : Pirate Soup  |  description : A young child gives advice on what to do if a pirate ship appears outside your window.
 id : 248177 ISBN : 0679874909  | name : Bunny Egg  |  description : Experiencing day after day of the same old thing inside of their sparkly decorated egg home, two little marshmallow bunnies are amazed at the big outside world when they accidentally tumble out. On board pages.
 id : 248178 ISBN : 0679876049  | name : Ace Ventura  |  description : Pet detective Ace Ventura is hired by the Miami Dolphins to locate their mascot Snowflake, a rare bottle-nose dolphin who was kidnapped just before the Superbowl.
 id : 248182 ISBN : 0679911154  | name : Randolph's Dream  |  description : In the summer of 1940, a young English boy whose family is separated by the war, has a dream that he saves his father's life.
 id : 248183 ISBN : 0679958355  | name : Madame LaGrande and Her So High, to the Sky, Uproarious Pompadour  |  description : Pompadours have become the rage in Paris, and Madame LaGrande wants to get one in time for the upcoming opera season. But since neither she nor her stylist know when to say "Enough!", her outrageous coif winds up housing two pigeons, three cats, four dogs, and the King--all without Madame L. knowing it! In the grand tradition ofThe Emperor's New Clothes, this uproarious story of exaggerated vanity will have kids laughing so hard it will curl their hair!
 id : 248184 ISBN : 0679973168  | name : The Berenstain Bears Cook-it  |  description : Papa Bear and the cubs set out to make breakfast for Mama. Includes activities for parents to help children prepare a special breakfast.
 id : 248185 ISBN : 0684129825  | name : The Shoemaker and the Elves  |  description : The beloved story of a poor shoemaker, kindhearted elves, and the giving spirit of Christmas.
 id : 248186 ISBN : 0684161141  | name : Making Musical Things  |  description : Includes directions for constructing a variety of musical instruments from easily obtainable materials such as milk cartons and embroidery hoops.
 id : 248187 ISBN : 068416311X  | name : The Night the Scarecrow Walked  |  description : Two children who sympathize with a scarecrow that stands day after day in its field have an opportunity to regret their interest.
 id : 248188 ISBN : 0684188406  | name : Editor to Author  |  description : A selection of nearly 200 letters from the 20th century's greatest editor, Max Perkins, that also take us into the hearts and minds of the famous authors--Hemingway, Fitzgerald, Wolfe, Lardner, Rawlings and others--whom he edited.
 id : 248189 ISBN : 068419368X  | name : Sinatra! the Song is You  |  description : This musical biography is the first book to document Frank Sinatra's musical legacy through seven decades. The author draws upon interviews with musicians, performers and songwriters with whom Sinatra has worked, to reveal the man through his music.
 id : 248191 ISBN : 068746384X  | name : World, World, what Can I Do?  |  description : A young child discovers, in a rhymed question and answer dialogue, what he can do to help his environment.
 id : 248192 ISBN : 0688009328  | name : The Upside Down Riddle Book  |  description : A collection of riddles with the answers provided in upside down pictures.
 id : 248193 ISBN : 0688017622  | name : The Curse of the Egyptian Mummy  |  description : A group of cub scouts run into a mystery on their campout, which begins with the discovery of a man dead from the bite of an asp.
 id : 248194 ISBN : 0688040950  | name : Hello, My Name Is Scrambled Eggs  |  description : When his folks host a Vietnamese family that has come to settle in their town, Harvey enjoys Americanizing twelve-year-old Tuan.
 id : 248195 ISBN : 0688071449  | name : Playing Marbles  |  description : A little girl proves her skill in a game of marbles.
 id : 248196 ISBN : 0688073352  | name : Sam Who Never Forgets  |  description : Could Sam the zookeeper have forgotten to feed Elephant, the other zoo animals wonder. "Like Sam, Rice never, never forgets her audience."--School Library Journal.
 id : 248197 ISBN : 0688078664  | name : Pajama Party  |  description : Casey, Jenny, and Kate have a pajama party complete with sleeping bags, chocolate chip cookies, and scary stories.
 id : 248199 ISBN : 0688103243  | name : CARVE SKY  |  description : Story of a quest across Earth and the solar system for the source of a mysteriously constructed artifact on the eve of interplanetary war.
 id : 248200 ISBN : 0688104894  | name : Raccoons and Ripe Corn  |  description : Hungry raccoons feast at night in a field of ripe corn.
 id : 248202 ISBN : 0688141692  | name : The Brass Ring  |  description : Being on vacation is even more fun for one who is bigger and can do more things such as ride a bike, float and swim, and buy a carousel ticket.
 id : 248204 ISBN : 0688147453  | name : Hopscotch Around the World  |  description : Presents directions for playing variations of hopscotch, an ancient game still played worldwide.
 id : 248205 ISBN : 0688148182  | name : Fiesta Fireworks  |  description : Describes the preparation of fireworks as well as the festival honoring San Juan de Dios, the patron saint of Tultepec, Mexico, which is famous for its master pyrotechnics.
 id : 248209 ISBN : 0688842550  | name : Howard  |  description : Because he has missed the annual migration, Howard the duck spends the winter in New York City.
 id : 248210 ISBN : 0689311044  | name : The Case of the Purloined Compass  |  description : When Henry's compass disappears, dog detective Angus follows clues which lead him into danger and eventually to the thief, without Henry's ever knowing how his property was recovered.
 id : 248211 ISBN : 0689313209  | name : Tomorrow's Magic  |  description : Five hundred years after the Devastation destroys modern civilization, the young Merlin and two friends succeed in bringing back King Arthur to Britain in the grip of a nuclear winter and together they struggle to build a new and better society despite the evil plotting of Morgan Le Fay. Sequel to Winter of Magic's Return.
 id : 248212 ISBN : 0689318529  | name : Uncle Vampire  |  description : Sixteen-year-old Caroline and her twin sister Honey know for sure that their Uncle Toddy is a vampire who comes at night to drink their blood but fear of the consequences makes them keep their terrible secret.
 id : 248214 ISBN : 0689505469  | name : The Naughty Crow  |  description : The adventures and misadventures of a tame pet crow, owned by a family living in czarist Russia.
 id : 248215 ISBN : 0689703074  | name : The Don't be Scared Book  |  description : Everybody's scared of something, but maybe the scare you are woking on can be fixed with a remedy right from this book. Perhaps a remedy for another scare may show you how to think of the right answer for your own.
 id : 248216 ISBN : 068971713X  | name : Where's Jack?  |  description : Hopping and popping from trunks, cupboards, and chimneys in a book full of pop-ups and movable parts, a jack insists on staying out of the box, threatening much mischief if he is not confined in time for Christmas.
 id : 248217 ISBN : 0689804008  | name : First Day at Day Care  |  description : It's Allegra's first day at day care and she expresses her fears and excitements of her first day.
 id : 248219 ISBN : 0689808933  | name : Billy Dog's Bad Day  |  description : When Huckle mishears the name of the new kid in school as Bully Dog instead of Billy, he's afraid of him. But once Huckle gets to know Billy, he discovers that being nice, he can make a new friend. Based on an episode of The Busy World of Richard Scarry which airs on Nickolodeon and Showtime. Full color.
 id : 248221 ISBN : 0689815727  | name : Isabella  |  description : Determined to persuade the Viceroy to excuse Miguel from being called to service in the Peruvian mines in 1820, Isabella finds assistance from a totally expected source.
 id : 248222 ISBN : 0689816413  | name : It's a Circus!  |  description : What kind of playground has Grandpa taken the Rugrats to?
 id : 248223 ISBN : 0689817444  | name : Sabrina, the Teenage Witch  |  description : Guaranteed enchantment for every Sabrina fan, this lively pair of storybooks is bursting with full-color photographs from the show. Money, greed, and a scandalous secret brew up excitement in Cat Showdown!, an adventure set at a cat show. In The Troll Bride, swashbuckler Harvey engages in a dazzling sword fight to rescue Sabrina from a nasty troll!
 id : 248224 ISBN : 0689818661  | name : Stinky Bugs  |  description : The ultimate pleasure for every true-blue Bug fan, this sensationally scented scratch-and-sniff book features a host of hilarious critters: Banana Bug, Red Rose Bug, Dirty Sock Bug, Popcorn Bug, Root Beer Bug, and many more. Lift-the-flaps and clever verse accompany each bug. Full color.
 id : 248226 ISBN : 0689825404  | name : Blue's Big Treasure Hunt  |  description : Steve has found a treasure map and he invites youngsters to join him on a treasure hunt to find out who is behind it, where the treasure is, and what it is, in a story accompanied by a poster
 id : 248227 ISBN : 068983361X  | name : Arnold for President  |  description : When Arnold and Helga compete in a race for class president, Anold learns just how a democracy works--well, in a fourth grade at least...
 id : 248228 ISBN : 0689843259  | name : Ten Tall Soldiers  |  description : The king's soldiers are powerless to protect him from the fearsome monsters he keeps seeing around him, until Peter points out exactly where they are coming from and what their true nature is.
 id : 248229 ISBN : 0690046952  | name : Let There be Light  |  description : Surveys the development of windows from prehistory to the modern era.
 id : 248230 ISBN : 0694003212  | name : Book of Animals  |  description : Maggie's trip to the zoo includes a visit with a dancing chicken, a shark swimming in a tank, and a friendly spider.
 id : 248231 ISBN : 0694008826  | name : A Child's Good Morning Book  |  description : As the sun rises, birds, horses, rabbits, flowers, bugs, and finally children get up to start their day. On board pages.
 id : 248234 ISBN : 069620360X  | name : Country Pleasures  |  description : Christmas gifts, homemade decorations, and recipes for holiday entertaining.
 id : 248235 ISBN : 0697077713  | name : Advanced Structured COBOL  |  description : Planning structured programs; Table handling using indexes; Indexed fils; Relative files; Subprograms and nested programs; Interactive Cobol programs.
 id : 248236 ISBN : 0698114183  | name : Commander Toad and the Intergalactic Spy  |  description : "A funny space adventure that spoofs Star Wars while providing an easy-to-read story." —Booklist The Star Warts is on a dangerous mission to an intergalactic spy convention, to find Agent 007½. Not only is he Space Fleet's greatest spy and a master of disguise, but he is also Commander Toad's cousin, Tip Toad. It's essential that no other spy see Agent 007½ without his disguise. Will Commander Toad be able to recognize his cousin in time?. Fans of DK Readers: LEGO Star Wars, Tom Angleberger's Origami Yoda, and silliness will toad-ally love Commander Toad!
 id : 248237 ISBN : 0698114191  | name : Commander Toad and the Space Pirates  |  description : "A funny space adventure that spoofs Star Wars while providing an easy-to-read story." —Booklist It's been a long trip, and Commander Toad and the crew of the Star Warts are bored. They've played all the games and watched all the movies and read all the books on the ship. Suddenly the alarm goes off--pirates are coming aboard, led by Commander Salamander, Scourge of the Skies and Goon of the Galaxies. Is the crew going to have to play his favorite game--Hop the Plank? Fans of DK Readers: LEGO Star Wars, Tom Angleberger's Origami Yoda, and silliness will toad-ally love Commander Toad!
 id : 248238 ISBN : 0698304888  | name : The Tree House Mystery  |  description : From the day they move to their new house in the country, Roger and Anabelle have a strange feeling about the tree house on their property.
 id : 248239 ISBN : 0698306163  | name : Little Locomotive  |  description : Longing to vary its monotonous routine and take a long trip, the little locomotive jumps at a chance to take off without the engineer.
 id : 248240 ISBN : 0698306945  | name : The Gift of Magic Sleep  |  description : Traces the discovery of anesthesia in the mid-19th century discussing the contributions of the four men most directly responsible, Crawford W. Long, Horace Wells, William Morton, and Charles Jackson.
 id : 248241 ISBN : 0698307453  | name : Nate the Great and the Fishy Prize  |  description : Though it means Nate can't get his dog ready for the smartest pet contest, he agrees to search for the missing prize for the contest.
 id : 248242 ISBN : 0716620073  | name : Christmas in Britain  |  description : Explores the various traditions with which the British celebrate Christmas.
 id : 248246 ISBN : 0735608911  | name : ECommerce Development  |  description : "Microsoft Mastering: eCommerce Development" provides practical, hands-on instruction for creating Web-based commerce applications using Microsoft's Site Server 3.0 Commerce Edition and pipeline technologies. By the end of the course, students have created a simple e-commerce site and basic order-processing pipelines. The CD-ROM contains complete code from lessons.
 id : 248247 ISBN : 073570922X  | name : Windows NT Power Toolkit  |  description : This guide shows readers how to carry out everyday and advanced tasks on bothWindows NT Server 4.0 and Workstation 4.0, with coverage of all Service Packsand security updates, IE5 upgrades, recent product additions, and third-partytools and utilities.
 id : 248248 ISBN : 0739406957  | name : A Season Beyond a Kiss  |  description : Jeff and Raelynn must overcome the conspiracy against them if they intend to stay together.
 id : 248250 ISBN : 0753450070  | name : Internet Spy  |  description : Relates a 1989 incident of German computer hackers being paid by the KGB to break into top secret computer files in the United States.
 id : 248251 ISBN : 0761302700  | name : Martian Fossils on Earth?  |  description : Discusses the study of a meteorite found in Antarctica in 1984 and why it is thought to come from Mars, examining how the scientific process works.
 id : 248252 ISBN : 0763609269  | name : Maisy's Party Book  |  description : Packed with puzzles, mazes, and craft ideas, this lively activity book helps young children learn such simple concepts as predicting and counting. Includes a fabulous party game. Full color.
 id : 248253 ISBN : 0763612553  | name : The Worst Witch Strikes Again  |  description : Disaster-prone Mildred Hubble finds that despite her best efforts she still manages to get into trouble at Miss Cackle's Academy for Witches, especially after she is put in charge of the new girl, the seemingly placid Enid Nightshade.
 id : 248255 ISBN : 0766011178  | name : International Space Station  |  description : International space station a space mission.
 id : 248257 ISBN : 0769602991  | name : The Magic Christmas Box  |  description : T. Jay Toucan receives a Christmas package from his cousin. Inside were two wishes. See what they wish for.
 id : 248260 ISBN : 0782122280  | name : MCSD  |  description : The Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP) certification is the most popular career accreditation in the world. It is quickly becoming a requirement for programmers and IS personnel seeking employment in today's competitive computer industry. With more than 2.5 million users, Visual Basic 5 is the most popular programming language for the Windows environment. Any of the 2.5 million VB programmers who will be taking the Developing Applications with Microsoft "RM" Visual Basic "RM" 5.0 exam (#70-165) as one of the requirements for the Microsoft Certified Solution Developer (MCSD) programs.
 id : 248261 ISBN : 0782125832  | name : MCSE Complete  |  description : Covering the five core requirement exams for the MCSE and MCSE + Internet certifications, this guide contains 1,000 pages of critical information at a budget price. The featured exams are: Networking Essentials, NT Server 4, NT Workstation 4, NT Server 4 in the Enterprise, and Windows 98.
 id : 248262 ISBN : 0784711046  | name : Can God See Me?  |  description : Matthew learns that God watches over him no matter where he is.
 id : 248263 ISBN : 0785276742  | name : Beyond the Norm  |  description : Here is the story behind the phenomenal success of Norm Miller, chairman of Interstate Batteries and businessman extraordinare. From his early years in sales to becoming chairman of the largest independent replacement battery company in the U.S., Miller talks about the principles that have been the guiding force in his life. This is a great success story and the compelling spiritual journey of an innovative leader. 8-pp photo insert.
 id : 248264 ISBN : 0785307494  | name : Card Games for One Or Two  |  description : Shows over 30 card games.
 id : 248268 ISBN : 0786000465  | name : Beguiled  |  description : Unemployed, Raquel Mason agrees to impersonate a missing heiress for a night and is promptly kidnapped by fortune hunter Nate Bowman, who takes her across the Caribbean, into the wilds of Central America, and into his arms
 id : 248270 ISBN : 0786400269  | name : Patents Handbook  |  description : Includes major patent offices, patent classification systems, and how to search patent documents.
 id : 248272 ISBN : 0786811072  | name : The Enchanted Horse  |  description : Dirty, neglected, old--Irina's Christmas gift of a toy horse is just what she wanted, something to love and care for and call her own. The blind shopkeeper who gives it to her tells of a real horse named Bella, abused by her owner. Irina becomes convinced that her toy is the real Bella, and one night her dreams prove true.
 id : 248273 ISBN : 0786811080  | name : Guests  |  description : A young Indian boy wishes everything could stay the same--the same as it was before the arrival of the strangers with their strange clothes and odd speech. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 248274 ISBN : 0786831723  | name : Disney's Mulan  |  description : When China is invaded by the Huns, Mulan decides that she must disguise herself as a soldier -- a man -- to fight in place of her ill father, who has been called up for war.
 id : 248275 ISBN : 0786841397  | name : Disney's The Little Mermaid  |  description : Flounder's not just a guppy, and when his best friend, Ariel, gets entangled with the evil sea witch, Ursula, he gets the chance to prove it! Full-color illustrations.
 id : 248276 ISBN : 0786842180  | name : Doug's Big Comeback  |  description : Chapter Book and whoWhen Doug comes up with a clever comment to respond to Roger's nasty remarks, he becomes "Joe Cool" with a comeback for every occasion. But when he is Mr. Funny Guy at the expense of his friends' feelings, he realizes a big comeback isn't always a
 id : 248277 ISBN : 0786843411  | name : Pooh Plays Doctor  |  description : Winnie-the-Pooh and friends use a doctor's kit to show what to expect at a doctor's office
 id : 248282 ISBN : 0789415488  | name : Nature  |  description : Labeled color photographs on board pages introduce first words and concepts about nature.
 id : 248283 ISBN : 078942973X  | name : Birds  |  description : Read the captions and find the best image to fit in the spaces to create your own bird scenes.
 id : 248284 ISBN : 0789434423  | name : Secrets of the Mummies  |  description : Proficient Level 4 readers will be totally absorbed by these dramatic stories of mummies. A rich vocabulary and factual panels will set children on a lifelong path to reading for information. Full color.
 id : 248285 ISBN : 0789707446  | name : Windows 95  |  description : preparing the reader to pass the Microsoft Certified Professional exam, this is a book/software combination that provides a complete training kit for those studying to pass the MCP Win95 test. The CD-ROM contains dozens of tough case studies. The recommended solution path follows each section and helps the reader learn to apply specific skills to a variety of situations.
 id : 248286 ISBN : 0791028461  | name : Industry and Business  |  description : Presents a historical overview of the development of American industry from post-Civil War to the twentieth century.This volume in the Life In America 100 Years Ago series explores the ways in which the Industrial Revolution transformed forever the social, economic, and political fabric of America and shaped the daily lives of Americans from the late 19th century to the years preceding World War I.
 id : 248287 ISBN : 0791417808  | name : DBASE - From the Dot Prompt  |  description : This is an introduction to systems programming using dBASE IV as a first programming language. The author uses dBASE IV (version 1.1 or 1.5) because it is the easiest language to learn initially, and applications can be up and running more easily and quickly. This textbook is very easy to use. The results of commands are shown on monitor screens illustrated in the text. Page two begins the creation of a data base with immediate interaction with the computer. Students know exactly what they are doing because of the clear and concise explanations and because they have a view of their screens in the text. If the student's screen does not match, he or she can just backtrack. Little backtracking will be necessary because the language is so exact. The text is self-teaching.
 id : 248292 ISBN : 0802840248  | name : Bird Life in Wington  |  description : A collection of sermons about the (bird) characters belonging to the First Birderian Church of Wington, aimed at stimulating the interest of young people in the worship services of the church.
 id : 248293 ISBN : 0803259077  | name : Spring Came on Forever  |  description : Acclaimed for her 1928 novel A Lantern in Her Hand, Bess Streeter Aldrich became one of the most widely read interpreters of the prairie pioneer experience. In 1935, she published her masterpiece, Spring Came on Forever, a novel of two Nebraska pioneer families from settlement to the 1930s. Elsewhere an artist of the romance, here Aldrich turns romance on its head. The heroine is Amalia Holmsdorfer, one of a band of German immigrants who settle on the prairie. From her late teens to her mid-eighties she confronts and defeats the forces of nature and society that discourage or ruin others. Her life might be a modest triumph but for one detail: she married the wrong man. Quickly paced and precisely drawn, this novel is Aldrich's greatest tribute to the complexity, humor, endurance, and intelligence of the people who settled the prairie. Whatever its sentiments, it has as many cutting edges as a buzz saw.
 id : 248294 ISBN : 0803493061  | name : Love and Death in Charleston  |  description : Pryor Dimitri inherits an old-family mansion in Charleston, and as she is "pursued by two gentlemen friends of her new family," she finds that she must deal with secrets "unearthed beneath an old magnolia on the lawn."--Jacket.
 id : 248295 ISBN : 0803682085  | name : The Mental Status Examination in Neurology  |  description : -- Simplified explanation of exam procedures such as assessment of level of consciousness, language acuity, memory, and attention-- Pocket card summarizes the main points to remember in assessing mental status in limited patient-contact time-- The latest DSM-IV diagnostic criteria are covered to ease filling out insurance forms-- Extraordinary number of new scientific findings about cognition that are involved with testing a patient's mental function-- Covers the refinement of testing procedures and late-1990s updating of the psychological test battery to speed up the exam-- Presents age-related norms, important when assessing the elderly for early dementia-- Reviews ways to use the exam as a screening procedure, particularly when diagnosing dementia and differentiating between organic and functional disorders-- The most important parts of the text are highlighted for easy review and reference
 id : 248296 ISBN : 0803700679  | name : Best Wishes, Joe Brady  |  description : Eighteen-year-old Sunny Dickens is happy with her life in Summerville, North Carolina, until she falls for a famous soap-opera star named Joe Brady who's come to town to do summer stock.
 id : 248297 ISBN : 0803704348  | name : I'm Coming to Get You  |  description : After eating all the planets in outer space, a horrible monster gets a big surprise when it comes to Earth and tries to capture a little boy.
 id : 248298 ISBN : 0803719078  | name : Meg's Monkey  |  description : At bedtime, Meg looks all over for her cuddly toy monkey.
 id : 248299 ISBN : 0803719310  | name : Lost in Cyberspace  |  description : While dealing with changes at home, sixth-grader Josh and his friend Aaron use the computer at their New York prep school to travel through time, learning some secrets from the school's past and improving Josh's home situation.
 id : 248300 ISBN : 0803736061  | name : Hansy's Mermaid  |  description : A storm brings a mermaid to a Dutch family that puts her to work for them; but the young son Hansy longs to help her return to her home in the sea.
 id : 248302 ISBN : 0805000690  | name : Wembley Fraggle and the Magic Stone  |  description : Wembley wishes on a "magic stone" that he be able to make decisions more easily, and his belief in the wish changes his life dramatically.
 id : 248303 ISBN : 0805004270  | name : I Know I'm a Witch  |  description : Even though her parents do not believe she is a witch, a young girl mixes a magic potion for her nasty Aunt Ruby.
 id : 248305 ISBN : 0805784519  | name : Modern American Poetry, 1865-1950  |  description : A study of the major American poets from 1865 to 1950, that is, from Emily Dickinson to e.e. cummings.
 id : 248307 ISBN : 0807553638  | name : Mystery at Southport Cinema  |  description : The Spotlight Club detectives try to locate a grocery store thief who disappears into a neighborhood theater.
 id : 248308 ISBN : 0807559164  | name : Oh Riddlesticks!  |  description : A collection of 118 contemporary animal riddles, funny questions, and jokes.
 id : 248309 ISBN : 0811209512  | name : Selected Poems  |  description : "Poetry," Michael McClure has said, "is not a system but is real events spoken of, or happening, in sounds." And for thirty years, whether in his early "Dionysian" lyrics or his evolving "bio-alchemical" wisdom, his work has shown a ferocious energy and driving physicality. A poet of and for our time, his own formal structures--the shape of his poems and his highly charged breath-line--nevertheless look back to the classics, to the Provençal troubadours, and to the Romantic verse of Blake, Keats, and Shelley. McClure's Selected Poems is the first major retrospective collection of a poet and Obie-winning playwright associated with the San Francisco Renaissance from its start as well as the early Beat movement. The poems in the book, chosen by McClure himself, hold the undiminished force of three decades' work distilled. Included in Selected Poems are poems and long passages from nine of the author's earlier collections.
 id : 248310 ISBN : 0811468232  | name : Great Expectations  |  description : The adventures of an orphaned young man in Victorian England who is given a great deal of money by an unknown benefactor to enable him to live as a gentleman, pursuing a good education and fulfilling great expectations.
 id : 248311 ISBN : 0811674509  | name : Kidnapped on Astarr  |  description : With a robot's help two children search for a relative who has been kidnapped by the king on the planet Astarr and accused of making secret war weapons.
 id : 248312 ISBN : 0811722449  | name : How to Sell what You Make  |  description : Discusses the crafts business, and gives advice on advertising, market research, trade shows, salesmanship, pricing, bookkeeping, and taxes
 id : 248313 ISBN : 0811821439  | name : Tyler's New Boots  |  description : Ea-YAAAAW!! Ea-YAAAAAW! Finally, Tyler has his very own pair of shiny, new cowboy boots for the annual cattle drive up at Uncle Roy's ranch. As the only city kid on the trail, he's hoping his new boots will help make a good impression. But between keeping the cattle on the trail, moving against the fierce heat, and taking care of a mischievous young calf, no one notices Tyler's new boots. By the time the cattle drive is over, Tyler's boots have stomped through brush, been soaked in the river, and waded through mud. Though at first Tyler's disappointed that his boots are a mess, he soon learns that it's not what you wear, but how you handle yourself, that makes the best impression. This charged western adventure is perfect for cowboys, or cowgirls, of all ages.
 id : 248314 ISBN : 0812061942  | name : I Am a Little Rabbit  |  description : Follows a baby rabbit as he travels alone through the forest looking for his family. On board pages.
 id : 248318 ISBN : 0812531558  | name : Tweedlioop  |  description : Bill Nordstrom had no idea how to reunite a squirrel-like alien with its own kind, but with the help of a sympathetic lawyer and her daughter, he set out to try. But the government wanted Tweedlioop the alien for its own, and Bill, Danni and Laurie were in for some exciting escapades.
 id : 248319 ISBN : 0812533232  | name : Dragon Rigger  |  description : Jael LeBrae and her Clendornan partner, Ar, find themselves in the middle of an age-old dragon war against a sinister power
 id : 248320 ISBN : 0812543181  | name : Not This August  |  description : Defeated in battle, the United States is forced to surrender to the armies of China and the Soviet Union
 id : 248321 ISBN : 0812559630  | name : Enemy Mine  |  description : Contains the stories of Will Davidge, an ordinary man trapped with a pregnant enemy alien, and Patrick Fallon, another ordinary man who somehow has become trapped in the plot of Moby Dick
 id : 248322 ISBN : 0812920279  | name : The United States of Ambition  |  description : A close-up look at the changing face of American politics discusses the motives and impact of contemporary politicians as well as their lack of leadership
 id : 248323 ISBN : 0812932765  | name : The Sinatra Files  |  description : Memos and other documents reveal J. Edgar Hoover's investigation into Frank Sinatra's suspected ties to the Mafia or the Communist party, and uncovers the singer's instances of violent behavior.
 id : 248324 ISBN : 0814477976  | name : Effective Employee Orientation  |  description : Shows how to start an employee orientation program to introduce the company's standards and expectations
 id : 248325 ISBN : 0816703620  | name : What a Funny Bunny  |  description : A clumsy Easter Bunny keeps losing the eggs and candy he is carrying in his basket. A letter of the alphabet appears on each page accompanied by an appropriate word from the text.
 id : 248326 ISBN : 0816713146  | name : Germy Blew It  |  description : Dying to get on television and become famous, Jeremy Bluett tries all sorts of schemes.
 id : 248327 ISBN : 0816714592  | name : Haunted Elevator  |  description : When Randa's mother instructs her not to ride on one certain elevator in their apartment building, Randa's friend Jilly insists it is because that elevator is haunted.
 id : 248328 ISBN : 081671620X  | name : Stepping Out  |  description : Three girls become friends when they skip ballet class and spend a calamity-filled afternoon in a shopping mall.
 id : 248330 ISBN : 0816722463  | name : Working Trucks  |  description : Young children learn the function of the pumper truck, cement mixer, dump truck, garbage truck, and tow truck in a book shaped like a truck.
 id : 248331 ISBN : 0816727821  | name : Fossil Detective  |  description : Discusses the nature and origin of fossils, the collection and study of them, and what they can tell us about creatures of the past.
 id : 248332 ISBN : 0816731683  | name : The Legend of Sleepy Hollow  |  description : A superstitious schoolmaster, in love with a wealthy farmer's daughter, has a terrifying encounter with a headless horseman.
 id : 248334 ISBN : 0816732531  | name : A Letter to Santa  |  description : Letters to Santa result in three children getting exactly what they want for Christmas.
 id : 248335 ISBN : 0816734887  | name : Back Soon!  |  description : A kitten does not like it when his mother goes away without him, but after enjoying some time by himself, he understands why she does it.
 id : 248337 ISBN : 0816735352  | name : Squanto  |  description : Squanto is kidnapped to England and put on display, until he escapes and is aided in his return to America by friendly monks.
 id : 248340 ISBN : 0816737908  | name : All Dogs Go to Heaven 2  |  description : Charlie returns to earth in order to retrieve Gabriel's horn and meets a beautiful Irish setter, a young runaway boy, and a mysterious old dog.
 id : 248341 ISBN : 081673836X  | name : 101 Ways to Boost Your Math Skills  |  description : Teachers and other students suggest ways to learn and understand mathematics, including tips on improving study skills, solving problems, developing projects, and doing well on tests.
 id : 248343 ISBN : 0816741425  | name : Outrageous 3-D Reptiles  |  description : This book has a variety of pictures and descriptions of reptiles in 3 D format.
 id : 248344 ISBN : 0816742030  | name : I Can Read about Fossils  |  description : I Can Read About books explore the world around us, from the mysteries of space to the wonders of undersea life, and everything in between.
 id : 248345 ISBN : 0816742049  | name : Spiders  |  description : A collection of children's books on the subject of spiders.
 id : 248346 ISBN : 081674209X  | name : Rabbits and Bunnies  |  description : A collection of children's books on the subject of rabbits and bunnies.
 id : 248349 ISBN : 081674890X  | name : Flatboats on the Ohio  |  description : This classic series tells absorbing stories while relaying important information.
 id : 248351 ISBN : 081676364X  | name : Pizza Party  |  description : Uses pizza to explain simple math concepts.
 id : 248354 ISBN : 0819310565  | name : The Ghost in Dobbs Diner  |  description : The ghost that pops out of the old green bottle Mr. Dobbs finds is very helpful in the diner, but the rest of the help and the customers are too frightened to find out what a nice ghost he really is.
 id : 248355 ISBN : 081956382X  | name : Seven for the Apocalypse  |  description : Stories and a novella. In Little Sisters of the Apocalypse, the novella, a motorcycle gang of nuns tries to save from outlaws an island of women, abandoned by the men who have gone to war. In River, a computer becomes possessive of a family.
 id : 248356 ISBN : 0821723480  | name : Beloved Pirate  |  description : Ariana Wellsley finds herself falling in love with Jeremy Corbett, the brash pirate who kidnapped her
 id : 248358 ISBN : 0821753436  | name : Ride the Free Wind  |  description : Abandoning everything she had ever know, Abigail Trent left her family and chose her fate--to ride with Zeke Monroe, half-Cheyenne scout, into the unexplored west. Together they faced peril, until Zeke found his mother's people and became Lone Eagle, turning his back on the white man's world. To stay with him, Abigail must become Cheyenne too--even if it means death and warfare.
 id : 248361 ISBN : 0821758284  | name : A Winter Wedding  |  description : From cozy inns to sparkling London seasons, winter holds special delights for lords and ladies. Now, three beloved Regency authors deliver tales of love set in a time when manners were courtly, romance was as luscious as ermine and lace, and schemes were hatched to bring about a winter wedding.
 id : 248365 ISBN : 0822501120  | name : Mrs. Moon and Her Friends  |  description : Mrs. Moon takes the children to Captain Jack's apartment where they see all his souvenirs of the South Seas and hear stories of his life there.
 id : 248366 ISBN : 082250975X  | name : Clowning Around  |  description : A collection of jokes about the circus, including "Which circus performers can see in the dark? The acro-bats."
 id : 248367 ISBN : 0823402398  | name : Could Anything be Worse?  |  description : Convinced nothing could be worse than the noise and confusion of his home, a man consults his rabbi who has some very wise advice.
 id : 248369 ISBN : 0823405109  | name : The Tortoise and the Hare  |  description : An Aesop Fable adapted and illustrated by Janet Stevens.
 id : 248370 ISBN : 0823412202  | name : Will You be My Brussels Sprout?  |  description : An aspiring sixteen-year-old cellist falls in love with her friend's older brother and finds that the relationship is moving too quickly.
 id : 248371 ISBN : 0823414493  | name : Las Posadas  |  description : Follows a Hispanic American family in a small New Mexican community as they prepare for and celebrate the nine-day religious festival which occurs just before Christmas.
 id : 248374 ISBN : 0836117743  | name : Night Preacher  |  description : This story is told through the eyes of Bettje and Jan, children of Menno Simons, who lived almost 500 years ago. Menno Simons was first a Catholic priest. As he read and studied the Bible, Menno began to understand the Christian life in a different way. Eventually he became an Anabaptist preacher. It was against the laws of that time for him to preach so Menno's preaching was done in secret at night to small groups. Soon, Menno Simons became the leader of the Anabaptists, now known as Mennonites. For 9-to-14-year-olds.
 id : 248376 ISBN : 0836808886  | name : Snow Lion  |  description : Lion, finding the jungle too hot for comfort, visits the mountains and falls in love with the cold fluffy white snow that covers the ground there.
 id : 248378 ISBN : 0839300026  | name : Cats  |  description : An introduction to wild and domestic cats, their common behavior patterns, and their individual traits.
 id : 248379 ISBN : 0840778198  | name : How to Love the Job You Hate  |  description : Boucher, a business consultant, professional speaker, and founder of Boucher Consultants--a nationally recognized firm specializing in effectiveness, professional growth, and communications--offers practical advice on how to increase job satisfaction by taking charge of a bad situation with positive new attitudes and behaviors.
 id : 248382 ISBN : 0842341110  | name : Back to the Drawing Board  |  description : Nicholas Martin. Artist Supremo. The official 'sketch pad wonderkid' and class cartoonist. Until, that is, Todd moves to town--complete with Jawbreaker, his very own high-tech, glitzy, monster-machine character! Before Nick can say, 'Start your pencils, ' Todd is moving in on his turf! There's just one thing to do: Nick has to win Eastfield's Winter Carnival poster contest and prove once and for all who's the best.
 id : 248385 ISBN : 0843911689  | name : The Ritual  |  description : Robert was almost fourteen, small for his age. Then strange things began to happen -- violent, obscene, revoltingly pervse things -- and people started to die.
 id : 248390 ISBN : 0865054371  | name : Pioneer Projects  |  description : Settlers had to make whatever they could not find or afford to buy. Pioneer Projects brings these crafts to life for children. Many authentic activities are presented with step-by-step instructions for children, parents, and teachers to follow.
 id : 248391 ISBN : 0866228241  | name : Reptile Diseases  |  description : Includes information on care of reptiles, their anatomy, disease recognition and treatment procedures, and reptile psychology.
 id : 248392 ISBN : 0866250328  | name : Billy Blackberry  |  description : Even when Billy Blackberry is trying to be very good, he manages to get into trouble.
 id : 248393 ISBN : 0867130547  | name : If the Earth Were a Few Feet in Diameter  |  description : "If the Earth were a few feet in diameter, floating a few feet above a field somewhere, people would come from everywhere to marvel at it. People would walk around it marvelling at its big pools of water, its little pools and the water flowing between. People would marvel at the bumps on it and the holes in it. They would marvel at the very thin layer of gas surrounding it and the water suspended in the gas..."
 id : 248395 ISBN : 0871238284  | name : Love Comes Softly  |  description : A marriage of convenience blooms into heartfelt love in an Old West homestead. Over 1 million sold! Love Comes Softly Book 1.
 id : 248396 ISBN : 0871238292  | name : Love's Enduring Promise  |  description : Their family growing, Clark and Marty look to bind each other together with love and faith. Over 800,000 sold! Love Comes Softly Book 2.
 id : 248397 ISBN : 0871238543  | name : Love's Abiding Joy  |  description : The coming of the railroad has bridged those frontier miles, making possible the long-awaited reunion between daughter Missie and her parents, Clark and Marty Davis. And the visit turns out to be everything they had expected, including the heartwarming introductions to two adorable grandsons. Then the joyful time is shattered... Book jacket.
 id : 248398 ISBN : 0871239809  | name : Love's Unfolding Dream  |  description : Clark and Marty's daughter, Belinda, uses her gift of mercy and tender heart as she trains to be a nurse. Love Comes Softly book 6.
 id : 248400 ISBN : 0871402149  | name : Rashomon and Other Stories  |  description : Writing at the beginning of the twentieth century, Ryunosuke Akutagawa created disturbing stories out of Japan's cultural upheaval. Whether his fictions are set centuries past or close to the present, Akutagawa was a modernist, writing in polished, superbly nuanced prose subtly exposing human needs and flaws. "In a Grove," which was the basis for Kurosawa's classic film Rashomon, tells the chilling story of the killing of a samurai through the testimony of witnesses, including the spirit of the murdered man. The fable-like "Yam Gruel" is an account of desire and humiliation, but one in which the reader's sympathy is thoroughly unsettled. And in "The Martyr," a beloved orphan raised by Jesuit priests is exiled when he refuses to admit that he made a local girl pregnant. He regains their love and respect only at the price of his life. All six tales in the collection show Akutagawa as a master storyteller and an exciting voice of modern Japanese literature.
 id : 248401 ISBN : 0873228286  | name : Fit for Two  |  description : Now readers can learn how to stay fit and exercise safely during pregnancy with >Fit for Two: The Official YMCA Prenatal Exercise Guide>.This practical guide contains the most up-to-date, medically sound information available from the YMCA-an organization that has been teaching prenatal exercise programs since 1983. The book features 80 easy-to-follow exercises plus guidelines readers can use to design a workout program ideally suited to their needs.Part I explains the benefits of prenatal exercise, outlines the physiological changes that take place during pregnancy, and describes how these changes affect exercise. Readers will learn how to adapt their exercise program during each stage of pregnancy and how to set and attain healthy fitness goals.Part II describes 43 land exercises and 37 water exercises for strength and flexibility. The exercises are clearly illustrated and described in detail to ensure proper technique. These exercises are categorized by body part so readers can design a workout program that targets all major muscle groups. The book also explores breathing exercises and relaxation techniques that will help during pregnancy and labor and delivery.No matter what their current level of fitness, mothers-to-be can use this safe, effective program to maintain or even improve their fitness as they prepare for the birth of their child.
 id : 248402 ISBN : 0874062586  | name : A Look Around Snakes  |  description : Describes various snake species, their life cycles, distinctive characteristics, and benefits to humans.
 id : 248403 ISBN : 0874063000  | name : That Doggone Dog  |  description : Ted and Bob really miss their dog Buttons when they move away.
 id : 248405 ISBN : 0874065607  | name : When Dinosaurs Ruled the Earth  |  description : Brief text and pictures introduce twelve dinosaurs, providing information on appearance, habitat, and eating habits.
 id : 248406 ISBN : 0874066476  | name : Sixth-Grade Crush  |  description : Tracy has a formula for love that she's sure will win the heart of her school's new softball coach. First, she has to figure out a way to get on the team. But before she can do that, she has to bring up her math grade, or make sure no one finds out how bad it really is.
 id : 248407 ISBN : 0874066638  | name : Thumbelina  |  description : Full of fantasy and wonder, these enduring classics are a must for every child's library. These stories, along with sparkling illustrations, will capture children's imagination and inspire a love of reading that is vital to success in school and life. Each book features holographic foil stamping. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 248408 ISBN : 0874067685  | name : Baby Animals  |  description : An easy-to-read picture book about baby animals.
 id : 248411 ISBN : 0874494621  | name : If I Went Sailing Out to Sea  |  description : Just close your eyes to dream away and take a special trip today. Any place can be your own as you explore the vast unknown. Daydreamers makes it easy as you will see, just use your imagination - that's the key!
 id : 248412 ISBN : 0876144903  | name : To Bathe a Boa  |  description : Not all books have to be serious and this one isn't. Through rhyme, this story of coaxing a boa to take his bath not only entertains, but also builds vocabulary. And readers who are themselves reluctant to take a bath will recognize the avoidance techniques of this clever reptile.
 id : 248413 ISBN : 0876145055  | name : Walking the Road to Freedom  |  description : Traces the life of the Black woman orator who spoke out against slavery throughout New England and the Midwest.
 id : 248417 ISBN : 0880482168  | name : Cocaine  |  description : This volume contains useful information on everything one needs to know about cocaine. The authors discuss what cocaine is, how it is used, its effects on the brain and other organs, and its psychological and social consequences for users and those around them, both at home and the workplace. They also examine how cocaine addiction develops, who is at risk, and how to treat it. The volume includes a state-by-state guide to where to go for help. ISBN 0-88048-216-8 : $15.95.
 id : 248419 ISBN : 0883012707  | name : Two Years Before the Mast  |  description : Two Years Before the Mast, Dana's account of his passage as a common seaman from Boston around Cape Horn to California, and back, is a remarkable portrait of the seagoing life: the day-to-day routines and conversations, the sailors who manned the ship, the brutality of incompetent officers, and the style of life in the newly emerging coastal towns of California. As Thomas Philbrick discusses in his introduction, the public's sympathy for the plight of mariners, which was aroused by the book, eventually faded, but Two Years Before the Mast forever changed readers' romanticized perceptions of life at sea and inaugurated a lasting tradition of realism and concern for human values. Book jacket.
 id : 248420 ISBN : 0886776295  | name : The World Wreckers  |  description : The wild and beautiful planet of Darkover becomes the target of the World Wreckers, an intergalactic company that destroys the ecology and economy of a planet so that Terran investors can make a profit in restoring it. Reprint.
 id : 248421 ISBN : 0886875285  | name : Secrets of a Small Town  |  description : More than one hundred small-town residents offer confessions to the author about the poignant, shocking, intriguing, funny, and frightening secrets they would not tell their friends and family
 id : 248424 ISBN : 0887434398  | name : The Fun Park is Open!  |  description : Tells in rhyme about the fun little people can have at an amusement park.
 id : 248428 ISBN : 0892390506  | name : Cuadros de Familia  |  description : Con pinturas y texto bilingüe la pintora nos cuenta de su niñez en una comunidad hispana en el sur de Texas.
 id : 248430 ISBN : 0893752649  | name : Donkeys Can't Sleep in Bathtubs and Other Crazy Laws  |  description : Laws on the statute books, some of which are not now enforced.
 id : 248431 ISBN : 0893752878  | name : Sam the Scarecrow  |  description : A scarecrow becomes very sad when he realizes that the crows are not afraid of him.
 id : 248432 ISBN : 0893753386  | name : Strange and Eerie Tales  |  description : Adventure and horror abound in three tales of menacing monsters and fearless heroes.
 id : 248433 ISBN : 0893755249  | name : Santa's New Sled  |  description : Santa's old sled will not go on Christmas Eve and he looks for something faster.
 id : 248435 ISBN : 0893756695  | name : More about Dinosaurs  |  description : A collection of children's books on the subject of dinosaurs and dragons.
 id : 248436 ISBN : 0893757217  | name : Pinocchio and the Great Whale  |  description : Pinocchio saves his father and himself when they rediscover each other in the stomach of a great whale, and then shows his good heart by toiling away in order to care for his sick father and the Fairy.
 id : 248439 ISBN : 0895653095  | name : Word Bird's Winter Words  |  description : Word Bird's Winter Words is a reinforced, library bound book in The Child's World series Word Bird Library.
 id : 248440 ISBN : 0896081192  | name : Soul Clap Its Hands and Sing  |  description : Natalie Petesch has written sixteen stories of extraordinarily broad social and political significance.
 id : 248441 ISBN : 0898866774  | name : To the Top of the World  |  description : From Messner's most powerful works, he tells of his solo ascent of Everest, the tragedy of Manaslu and more.
 id : 248442 ISBN : 0899197698  | name : Five Little Monkeys Jumping on the Bed  |  description : A counting book in which one by one the little monkeys jump on the bed only to fall off and bump their heads.
 id : 248443 ISBN : 0899422888  | name : My First Prayer Book  |  description : Beautifully illustrated book of simple prayers for, children.
 id : 248445 ISBN : 0910313512  | name : Lily-Fair Learns a Lesson  |  description : Lily-Fair's envy of Rose-Petal's popularity leads her to drastic measures in an attempt to improve her own.
 id : 248447 ISBN : 0911382046  | name : The Railroad, what it Is, what it Does  |  description : Populäre Eisenbahnliteratur.
 id : 248448 ISBN : 0912022124  | name : Aiming to Please  |  description : Pete suffers pressure from his father regarding grades and hockey playing, and develops some unpleasant habits in both areas.
 id : 248451 ISBN : 0915396378  | name : Land of Barely There Series  |  description : The badger proprietor of a country store fusses and fumes at the children who sit on his steps to read until young Rita Raccoon discovers his secret.
 id : 248454 ISBN : 0934026807  | name : The Garlic Book  |  description : Recipes for appetizers and first courses, sauces, main courses, vegetable dishes, and condiments featuring garlic are accompanied by information on the history, lore, and health benefits of garlic.
 id : 248455 ISBN : 0935180087  | name : Stories of Hawaii  |  description : 13 short stories and other writings of Hawaii.
 id : 248458 ISBN : 0944002099  | name : The Ethics of Excellence  |  description : Excellence never happens by accident. We have to make it happen. And our methods matter every bit as much as our results.
 id : 248459 ISBN : 0963005294  | name : Ripples  |  description : Brenton and Christian grow up together in Baltimore. Brenton moves away and after four years of separation the two friends are reunited. But things have changed, and Brenton comes to realize Christian's tragic weakness as well as his own.
 id : 248462 ISBN : 0967486777  | name : From Mountain Man to Millionaire  |  description : Robert Campbell's life is shown as an example of heroism and courage.
 id : 248465 ISBN : 155661585X  | name : Paige  |  description : Paige Bradshaw's world is turned upside-down the day a stranger enters her family's life. When he claims to be her missing uncle, her father decides the man is after a share of the Bradshaw inheritance and orders him to stay away. But Paige's love for mystery draws her to the stranger and she begins to pursue the truth--until someone tries to stop her.
 id : 248470 ISBN : 155748807X  | name : The Christian's Secret of a Happy Life  |  description : Hannah Whitall Smith's Christian classic, abridged and updated for the modern reader.
 id : 248471 ISBN : 1557488126  | name : The Pilgrim's Progress  |  description : John Bunyan's classic allegory of Christian's journey to the Celestial City, abridged and updated for the modern reader.
 id : 248478 ISBN : 1558173501  | name : Cecily  |  description : No matter that ravishing Miss. Her looks alone drew hordes of admirers. Then word of her fame reached the ears of Robert Ranleigh, who was shocked to discover that Miss Daingerfield-Nelson was none other than Cecily Hadley, a gently bred but penniless relation!
 id : 248479 ISBN : 1558176128  | name : Pirate's Kiss  |  description : Leaving England behind her to join her brother on a Jamaican sugar plantation, Sybilla Thornton falls for American pirate Gavin Broderick, a man who is determined to have the British lady all to himself. Original.
 id : 248480 ISBN : 1558512624  | name : Applying C++  |  description : Here is the ideal guide and tutorial for C programmers moving into the world of C++. It fully explains C++ and object-oriented programming fundamentals, showing programmers how to write clean, efficient C++ programs. Sample classes and source code are provided on MS/PC-DOS disk.
 id : 248481 ISBN : 1558515607  | name : Visual FoxPro 5.0 for Windows  |  description : "Visual FoxPro 5.0 for Windows" explains the changes and new concepts in the new version, 5.0, and targets programmers and software developers who need to learn how to master OOP and Client/Server on FoxPro. The disk contains a complete sample application framework and useful program modules for security, reports, and file management.
 id : 248483 ISBN : 1559162406  | name : Saving Wolves  |  description : Discusses reasons that wolves were almost hunted out of existence in the United States and efforts to reintroduce these animals to certain areas of the northern United States.
 id : 248484 ISBN : 155921001X  | name : Floreana  |  description : A Woman's Pilgrimage to the Galapagos. A breath-taking firsthand account of Wittmer's successful attempt to settle the island of Floreana.
 id : 248485 ISBN : 1559211369  | name : Complete Employee Handbook  |  description : This concise yet comprehensive reference helps employers responsibly and effectively deal with the basic personnel issues they face each day. It guides employers in the development of a personnel program that is tailored to meet their unique needs and goals. The enclosed disk contains a program for businesses to create and customize their own handbooks. Line drawings, charts.
 id : 248487 ISBN : 1560250089  | name : If I Stop I'll Die  |  description : Traces the life and career of comedian Richard Pryor, discussing the events that shaped his outlook and personality, and his stage routines and movies
 id : 248489 ISBN : 156144751X  | name : Rosie's Two Left Feet  |  description : When Rosie's new shoes turn out to be two left shoes, she and her mother must come up with new footwear for her for Grandpa's party.
 id : 248490 ISBN : 1561449512  | name : Lost at Sea  |  description : Wanda Whale wanted to see new people and places, but gets lost in the process.
 id : 248492 ISBN : 1561560286  | name : The Merry Adventures of Robin Hood  |  description : Recounts the life and adventures of Robin Hood, who, with his band of followers, lived in Sherwood Forest as an outlaw dedicated to fighting tyranny.
 id : 248493 ISBN : 156156110X  | name : The Littlest Dinosaur Finds a Friend  |  description : Albert and Billie, the tallest and smallest dinosaurs in school become friends because of how different they are from the other dinosaurs.
 id : 248494 ISBN : 1561792578  | name : Dr. Rosberg's Do-it-yourself Relationship Mender  |  description : Unresolved conflict shatters lives. But the real tragedy is that many people don't know how to move past these tragedies and get on with healing. Choosing to Love Again helps men and women understand the natural sequence of disagreements and mend damaged relationships. Step-by-step, Dr. Rosberg shows how to move past hurt and anger into discussion, forgiveness, and rebuilt trust.
 id : 248496 ISBN : 1561800449  | name : Let's Play  |  description : Captioned illustrations introduce familiar toys that children can play with, including wagons, slides, tricycles, kites, balls, etc.
 id : 248498 ISBN : 1562055496  | name : MCSE Study Guide  |  description : “Get it done well and get it done fast” are twin, apparently opposing, demands. Data architects are increasingly expected to deliver quality data models in challenging timeframes, and agile developers are increasingly expected to ensure that their solutions can be easily integrated with the data assets of the overall organization. If you need to deliver quality solutions despite exacting schedules, “The Nimble Elephant” will help by describing proven techniques that leverage the libraries of published data model patterns to rapidly assemble extensible and robust designs. The three sections in the book provide guidelines for applying the lessons to your own situation, so that you can apply the techniques and patterns immediately to your current assignments. The first section, Foundations for Data Agility, addresses some perceived aspects of friction between “data” and “agile” practitioners. As a starting point for resolving the differences, pattern levels of granularity are classified, and their interdependencies exposed. A context of various types of models is established (e.g. conceptual / logical / physical, and industry / enterprise / project), and you will learn how to customize patterns within specific model types. The second section, Steps Towards Data Agility, shares guidelines on generalizing and specializing, with cautions on the dangers of going too far. Creativity in using patterns beyond their intended purpose is encouraged. The short-term “You Ain’t Gonna Need It” (YAGNI) philosophy of agile practitioners, and the longer-term strategic perspectives of architects, are compared and evaluated. Consideration is given to the potential of enterprise views contributing to project-specific models. Other topics include industry models, iterative modeling, creation of patterns when none exist, and patterns for rules-in-data. The section ends with a perspective on the modeler’s possible role in agile projects, followed by a case study. The final section, A Bridge to the Land of Object Orientation, provides a pathway for re-skilling traditional data modelers who want to expand their options by actively engaging with the ranks of object-oriented developers.
 id : 248499 ISBN : 1562058258  | name : MCSE TestPrep  |  description : "Complete workbook for the #70-63 test."--Cover.
 id : 248500 ISBN : 1562058312  | name : MCSE TestPrep  |  description : Following in the footsteps of proven study materials by ARCO, "MCSE TestPrep: Core Exams" contains only the essential information necessary to pass the four core exams needed to obtain an MCSE. This title cuts to the chase and provides networking professionals with only the basic essentials.
 id : 248501 ISBN : 1562764446  | name : Doing Objects in Microsoft Visual Basic 5.0  |  description : Unlike other books on Visual Basic programming, the primary goal of Doing Objects in Microsoft Visual Basic 5.0 is to provide pragmatic approach to designing and building Visual Basic 5.0 applications. Instead of merely providng "tips and tricks", this book lays out a framework for development in Visual Basic 5.0 with an emphasis on architecture design and approach.
 id : 248502 ISBN : 1562824260  | name : Dinner at Aunt Connie's House  |  description : Dinner at Aunt Connie's is even more special than usual when Melody meets not only her new adopted cousin but twelve inspiring African-American women, who step out of their portraits and join the family for dinner.
 id : 248503 ISBN : 1562934961  | name : The Story of Santa Claus  |  description : Capture the holiday spirit with these wonderfully illustrated, nostalgic tales that the whole family will love reading! Make them a part of your family tradition this holiday season -- and for many holidays to come!
 id : 248504 ISBN : 1562935224  | name : Playful Pets  |  description : Introduces pets and what they eat. On board pages.
 id : 248507 ISBN : 1564143880  | name : Winning with Teamwork  |  description : Working well with others, as important as it may be for efficiency and productivity, is rarely as easy as it sounds. This collection of wisdom provides motivation to understand why the effort is worth it. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 248513 ISBN : 1567140254  | name : Ultra Three D Book  |  description : Images composed of apparently random patterns of marble swirls and colorful brushstrokes are transformed as the viewer stares at them, becoming detailed pictures with remarkable depth--illusions so convincing it appears that the viewer can reach into the pictures.
 id : 248514 ISBN : 1567630413  | name : Greta Groundhog  |  description : A young groundhog learns skills for surviving in the wild. Includes facts about the physical characteristics, behavior, habitat, and predators of the groundhog.
 id : 248517 ISBN : 1569870217  | name : The Tale of Peter Rabbit  |  description : A board book version of the tale of Peter Rabbit with simple text and fully illustrated. This book introduces the very young to the world of Beatrix Potter.
 id : 248521 ISBN : 156987039X  | name : Marla's Toyshop Adventure  |  description : Marla the mouse plays with all the toys the elves have made for Christmas and then helps Santa deliver them.
 id : 248524 ISBN : 1569870535  | name : Incredible Dinosaurs to Look At!.  |  description : Illustrated book of dinosaurs. Gives a brief description of each dinosaur, a phonetic spelling of their name and a comparison listing of their size to other dinosauars and other everyday objects.
 id : 248526 ISBN : 1569873666  | name : The Story of Jonah  |  description : A retelling of Jonah's adventures and trials as God leads him to the unbelieving city of Nineveh.
 id : 248528 ISBN : 1570360642  | name : The Robot Zoo  |  description : Cutaway images of robots and their animal partners explore the intricacies of each of the animals depicted, using a mechanical approach to explain the digestive and circulatory systems, movement, and adaptation process
 id : 248529 ISBN : 1570640467  | name : Barney's Halloween Party  |  description : This book is a non-scary, rhyming story that is written for the very young child who may be discovering the celebration of Halloween for the first time.
 id : 248530 ISBN : 1570642567  | name : Barney's Easter Parade  |  description : Celebrate Easter and the arrival of spring with Barney and friends.
 id : 248531 ISBN : 157082097X  | name : Walt Disney's Winnie the Pooh  |  description : Through holes cut in each page, children can guess at the hidden surprises for Christopher Robin's party.
 id : 248532 ISBN : 157082150X  | name : Disney's Dopey Loses the Diamonds  |  description : Dopey carries home a sack of diamonds and loses them all.
 id : 248533 ISBN : 1570825041  | name : Barbie One Special Night  |  description : Barbie and Midge prepare for a glamourous night on the town. They head for the hairdresser's, try on some new makeup, and select sparkling gowns to wear! Get ready to be enchanted by the one and only Barbie! Includes exclusive heart-shaped Barbie necklace and other beauty accessories in a convenient, permanent storage box. Full color. 5 spreads.
 id : 248535 ISBN : 1570829691  | name : A Reel Fishy Story  |  description : Winnie-the-Pooh and Piglet go fishing and get a big surprise.
 id : 248536 ISBN : 1570829705  | name : Roo's Big Adventure  |  description : Four fun adventures of Winnie the Pooh and his friends are told in these 4 board books.
 id : 248538 ISBN : 1571020209  | name : The Illustrated Laws of Soccer  |  description : Introduces young players to the basic rules and the seventeen laws of soccer, also discusses linesman signals, referee signals, and sportsmanship in the game
 id : 248539 ISBN : 1571515496  | name : Picture Me Three Little Kittens  |  description : Picture Me "TM" Cute As Can Bee, Picture Me "TM" Grown-up, Picture Me "TM" with my Grandma, Picture Me "TM" on Santa's Knee. Through these innovative, interactive and entertaining books, children see themselves accomplishing great feats and having magical adventures. Simply insert the child's photo into the book, and the child is in the middle of the action on each page.Through the creative role-play in each Picture Me "TM" Book, children can learn important lessons about life, social interaction and self-esteem -- all contributing factors to a higher IQ.Picture Me "TM" Books have earned their reputation as high-quality educational products that encourage children under the age of seven to learn to read. Our award-winning, patented products inspire the imaginations of young children like no other books can. New titles this year, including Picture Me "TM" as Mom's Little Helper, Picture Me "TM" as Dad's Little Helper and Picture Me "TM" Cuddly as a Bunny provide children with even more imaginative role-play fun.Picture babies as a part of their Favorite nursery rhymes and first stories. Parents and baby will experience these fanciful tales in a whole new way.
 id : 248540 ISBN : 1571690972  | name : Visual Basic Web Database Interactive Course  |  description : Providing complete coverage of all facets of Web Database Technology, a handy tutorial presents the design principles and programming techniques needed to develop and maintain data warehouses, as well as advice on how to utilize JavaScript and VBScript for Intranet database development. Original. (All Users).
 id : 248541 ISBN : 1572312262  | name : Running Microsoft Windows NT Workstation, Version 4.0  |  description : A comprehensive user reference and an example-filled user's guide for WIndows NT power users and corporate end users of the latest version of this operating system, this book delivers expanded coverage of networking, system optimization, configuration, customization, security issues, and Internet connectivity.
 id : 248542 ISBN : 1575130882  | name : Heather Goes to Hollywood  |  description : Heather's chance at stardom comes when she's asked to stand in for Rena Malone, a child star of the 1940's, but she becomes suspicious. Where is the real Rena? And will Heather be able to pull off the greatest act of her life?
 id : 248543 ISBN : 1575130920  | name : Megan's Balancing Act  |  description : Megan discovers the thrill of being a gymnast with star talent.
 id : 248544 ISBN : 1575660962  | name : The Unauthorized X-files Challenge  |  description : From creepy cult favorite to prime-time phenomenon, the award-winning TV series The X-Files has taken America by storm. Now, for the show's millions of fans, comes the first ever X-Files trivia quiz book. In addition to more than 1,000 challenging questions on which fans can test their "X-Qs", The Unauthorized X-Files Challenge features a synopsis of every episode, character profiles, behind-the-scenes secrets, and more.
 id : 248545 ISBN : 1576101908  | name : Exam Cram for MCSE NT Server 4  |  description : "Exam Cram for MCSE NT Server 4.0" is especially designed and written by expert Microsoft Certified Trainers to help professionals study for and pass the NT Server 4.0 exam. The key technical topics covered in the Exam Guide include: Windows NT installation, NT's file system, performance monitoring, NT/NetWare relationships, printing, back-up and recovery, troubleshooting system failures, and more.
 id : 248547 ISBN : 1576101924  | name : Exam Cram for MCSE Networking Essentials  |  description : In response to the needs of individuals studying for the MCSE Networking Essentials exam, this resource was developed by Microsoft Certified Trainers to help readers of varied experience levels gain the knowledge necessary to pass the exam. The book provides all the necessary overviews, concepts, and Microsoft networking terminology to help potential test takers get up to speed as quickly as possible.
 id : 248548 ISBN : 157610236X  | name : Microsoft Visual Basic 5 Exam Cram  |  description : "MCSD Microsoft Visual Basic 5 Exam Cram" covers all the objectives that have been established by Microsoft to successfully complete the Developing Applications with Microsoft Visual Basic 5 exam. Additionally, the book offers support to intermediate to advanced Visual Basic developers by covering essential Visual Basic programming topics.
 id : 248549 ISBN : 1576571017  | name : Ghosts of Devil's Marsh  |  description : While spending the summer visiting her cousins on a small coastal island, eleven-year-old Samantha encounters terrifying things.
 id : 248550 ISBN : 1576573826  | name : Rocking Horse  |  description : Lift-the flap board book with Christmas surprises.
 id : 248552 ISBN : 157657461X  | name : Amusement Park  |  description : Join Penny and Benny Nickelpickle as they spend a day at the amusement park! Little ones will love to learn with this giant book chock-full of words!
 id : 248553 ISBN : 1576750205  | name : Smart Thinking for Crazy Times  |  description : Stressing the importance of critical thinking in order to cut through complex issues and solve the right problems, this text suggests that the ability to implement appropriate solutions to these problems is the true competitive edge in business.
 id : 248554 ISBN : 1577190793  | name : The 12 Days of Christmas  |  description : In this humorous picture book based on the familiar song, the partridge in the pear tree has big problems. French hens drop out of the sky, swimming swans get water everywhere, and those darn calling birds are giving everyone a headache. Children will laugh--and sing--along with the partridge's predicament.
 id : 248559 ISBN : 1577191641  | name : The Tale of Squirrel Nutkin  |  description : Squirrel Nutkin, who has no nice manners at all, goes with his brother, Twinkleberry, and their many squirrel cousins to hunt for nuts on Owl Island.Twinkleberry and the cousins politely request permission from Old Brown, the resident owl, and bring him gifts to express their appreciation as they eagerly gather nuts on several trips. But Nutkin will have none of this. Instead, he rudely poses silly riddles for the owl to solve. Old Brown appears to be totally indifferent, but his anger is rising. Little readers will enjoy learning how Old Brown takes his revenged and what becomes of Squirrel Nutkin!
 id : 248564 ISBN : 1579590195  | name : Kilims  |  description : Celebrates the history, manufacture, and decorative value of handmade Persian rugs
 id : 248565 ISBN : 1580622127  | name : 365 After-School Activities You Can Do With Your Child  |  description : Replace TV watching with activities that are quiet and active, indoor and outdoor, artsy and athletic, solo and with friends, with or without parental involvement--in short, something for every child, every mood, every situation, every day.
 id : 248570 ISBN : 1877719609  | name : Dear Teacher  |  description : This gift mini-book celebrates--with poems, aphorisms, and tributes--the nobility and high calling of teachers.
 id : 248571 ISBN : 1878624059  | name : Favorite Nursery Songs  |  description : Musical entertainment hits a high note in these audiocassette-and-book packages of favorite children's songs -- each chosen in a national survey of parents. The whole family will love singing along with the cassette and following along with the charmingly illustrated book.
 id : 248573 ISBN : 1878685740  | name : Rapunzel  |  description : A beautiful girl with extraordinarily long golden hair is imprisoned in a lonely tower by a witch
 id : 248575 ISBN : 1879941252  | name : Willy Nilly  |  description : A wicked look inside the world of presidential politics captures Clinton's flip-flops and reversals on such issues as taxes, health care, and foreign policy
 id : 248578 ISBN : 1882419936  | name : Windows NT 4.0 Server  |  description : Candidates for the MCSE can learn the essential information they need for the Windows NT 4.0 Server exam in this concise, self-paced review guide. The CD-ROM includes test questions and links to the book's text.
 id : 248579 ISBN : 1882419944  | name : TCP/IP for Microsoft Windows NT 4.0  |  description : Summary sheets, frequent quizzes, and test-taking strategies are featured in this "Rapid Review Study Guide". The manageable book helps candidates monitor their own progress toward the MCSE qualification. The CD-ROM includes test questions and links to the book's text.
 id : 248580 ISBN : 1882419952  | name : Windows NT Server 4.0 in the Enterprise  |  description : The "Rapid Review Study Guide Series" steps MCSE candidates through the information they need with concise, self-paced reviews. Candidates for the Windows NT 4.0 Server in the Enterprise exam can practice the test with questions on the CD-ROM.
 id : 248581 ISBN : 1882419960  | name : Systems Management Server 1.2  |  description : This concise, self-paced review distills absolutely essential information into a manageable format. Readers can set their own pace with frequent review questions, hands-on activities, vocabulary checklists, and troubleshooting summaries to measure improvement. The CD-ROM contains sample questions and quick links to the book's text.
 id : 248586 ISBN : 0761519858  | name : IMac Fast & Easy  |  description : In just six weeks after its introduction, more than 250,000 Apple iMacs were sold. However, the iMac only comes with a very basic manual showing how to initially set up the machine. Having a visual, step-by-step manual that shows the steps for common computer tasks will be very comforting to novice users.
 id : 248587 ISBN : 1568846010  | name : Macs For Teachers for Dummies  |  description : Filled with humorous, easy-to-use explanations of the Macintosh, a book for the learning environment offers an overview of basics; covers memory, keyboard shortcuts, and printers; and gives information focusing on the teacher's point of view. Original. (Beginner/Intermediate).
 id : 248590 ISBN : 0793122406  | name : Wealth on Minimal Wage  |  description : Offers tips on saving money, using credit to advantage, taking advantage of free offerings, and minimizing taxes, healthcare costs, and energy expenses
 id : 248591 ISBN : 1576735729  | name : Sincerely Yours  |  description : Shaken by events in the closing days of the Civil War, young Dr. Quint Roberts flees the Union army to start a new life in Bozeman, Montana. In this seventh installment of the bestselling Mail Order Bride series, the challenge of reconstructing relationship losses is explored. When his brother is killed, Dr. Quint suddenly finds himself responsible for three young children. Can he alone provide for their needs? Annamarie Taylor -- a bereaved Southern belle in Atlanta -- also searches for answers to the age-old question, "Is anything too hard for the Lord?"
 id : 248592 ISBN : 0684802899  | name : When My Parents Were My Age, They Were Old  |  description : This tongue-in-cheek celebration boldly goes where no book has gone before--right into the heart, soul, and "easy-fit" wardrobe of the generation that invented sex, drugs, and rock and roll to reveal exactly how 76 million baby boomers are handling middle age. Line drawings.
 id : 248593 ISBN : 0803703724  | name : The Unicorn Alphabet  |  description : The classic medieval legend of the unicorn serves as a motif for the alphabet.
 id : 248594 ISBN : 0887140963  | name : Southwestern Indian Ceremonials  |  description : Learn of the native ceremonies still being performed by the Indians of the Southwest as tribute to their way of life and the strength of their religious beliefs. This 9" x 12" book is overflowing with beautiful photos and details for your enjoyment.
 id : 248595 ISBN : 1568659040  | name : Alvin Wandering  |  description : Alvin journeyman: A grown Alvin Maker returns to the town of Vigor Church to work as a blacksmith, and teach the knack of "making" as a part of his quest to build the Crystal City.
 id : 248596 ISBN : 1571741097  | name : Remote Perceptions  |  description : As a child, the author believed that everyone shared her psychic abilities. As an adult, she realized that her abilities were special, and became first a participant in and later a researcher of psychic functioning. InRemote Perceptions, she explores past, remote viewing, out-of-body experiences (OBEs), the psychic spying of international intelligence agencies, and the possible future of psychic research. Detailing her own experiences and development as a psychic, the author shares the ups and downs of her growth and ponders the future of humankind as we learn to use our abilities to the fullest. A comprehensive introduction to the current state of psychic functioning.
 id : 248597 ISBN : 1879678012  | name : Who Speaks for Wolf  |  description : An Indian tribe learns an important lesson after it ignores a hunter's warning and settles in the heart of a great community of wolves.
 id : 248599 ISBN : 1576734218  | name : On Becoming Childwise  |  description : Sound biblical instruction for parents with questions about discipline, parental roles and other issues from the author of "The Smart Parent" and a practicing pediatrician.
 id : 248600 ISBN : 1887166092  | name : The Noisy Passage  |  description : You've been silent, you've been natural, you've been to the 14th moon. Now you can speed down the Hormone Superhighway with this fast-paced farce.
 id : 248601 ISBN : 0028630343  | name : Frommer's? Bahamas 2000  |  description : Life is short. Vacations are shorter. Relax! Trust your trip to Frommer's. Choose the Only Guide That Gives You: Exact prices, so you can plan the perfect trip no matter what your budget. The latest, most reliable information—completely updated every year! Lots of easy-to-read color maps. The widest and best selection of hotels and restaurants in every price range, with candid, in-depth reviews. All the practical details you need to make the most of your time and money. One-of-a-kind experiences and undiscovered gems, plus a new take on all the top attractions. Outspoken opinions on what's worth your time and what's not. A fresh, personal approach that puts the fun and excitement back into travel! It's a Whole New World with Frommer's. Find us online at www.frommers.com
 id : 248604 ISBN : 3426194422  | name : Riptide  |  description : Seit Ende des 18. Jahrhunderts wird immer wieder versucht, einen auf einer kleinen Insel vor Maine vermuteten sagenhaften Piratenschatz zu bergen. Eine mit modernsten technischen Geräten ausgestattete, erfahrene Bergungs-Crew macht sich an die bis dato unlösbare Aufgabe.
 id : 248605 ISBN : 3453196198  | name : PROMETHEUS-VERRAT, DER  |  description : Nach einem missglückten Spionageeinsatz muss Nick Bryson eine neue Identität als Dozent annehmen. 5 Jahre später spürt ihn der CIA auf und teilt ihm die schreckliche Wahrheit mit, dass er einem grossen Schwindel aufgesessen ist.
 id : 248606 ISBN : 3492223710  | name : Michael Köhlmeiers Sagen des klassischen Altertums  |  description : Respektlos macht der Autor mit der griechischen Sagenwelt bekannt: all die oft grausamen, erschütternden und bewegenden Geschichten - auf lockere Art neu erzählt.
 id : 248607 ISBN : 3791535005  | name : Der Zauberer von Oos  |  description : Abenteuer eines kleinen Mädchens in einem Wunderland mit einer Vogelscheuche, einem blechernen Holzfäller, einem Löwen, Hexen und dem gewaltigen Zauberer.
 id : 248609 ISBN : 0060534397  | name : All Shall Be Well  |  description : Perhaps it is a blessing when Jasmine Dent dies in her sleep. At long last an end has come to the suffering of a body horribly ravaged by disease. It may well have been suicide; she had certainly expressed her willingness to speed the inevitable. But small inconsistencies lead her neighbor, Superintendent Duncan Kincaid of Scotland Yard, to a startling conclusion: Jasmine Dent was murdered. But if not for mercy, why would someone destroy a life already so fragile and doomed? As Kincaid and his capable and appealing assistant Sergeant Gemma James sift through the dead woman's strange history, a troubling puzzle begins to take shape -- a bizarre amalgam of good and evil, of charity and crime . . . and of the blinding passions that can drive the human animal to perform cruel and inhuman acts.
 id : 248610 ISBN : 0312168586  | name : Great Harry  |  description : St. Martin's Griffin is proud to reissue acclaimed biographer Carolly Erickson's lives of the Tudor monarchs. In this full-scale popular biography of Henry VIII, Carolly Erickson re-creates the extravagant life and times of one of history's most complex and fascinating men. Based on voluminous records of the period, the story of Henry's life covers his troubled youth, his triumphant early reign, and his agonizing old age. Against the lively backdrop of the Tudor world, with all its splendors and squalors, Carolly Erickson gives us an unforgettable and human portrait of Henry VIII.
 id : 248611 ISBN : 055327239X  | name : Service of All the Dead  |  description : Chief Inspector Morse, a middle-aged bachelor with a fondness for crossword puzzles, Mozart, and attractive women, investigates a series of suspicious and sinister events at Oxfords Church of St. Frideswide
 id : 248613 ISBN : 1550390961  | name : Gilean Douglas  |  description : Widely known and respected for her nature writing and poetry, Gilean Douglas (1900-1993) was also a journalist, naturalist, farmer, adventurist, and a feminist ahead of her time. Her writings span almost the entire twentieth century. This book both an intriguing biography and a collection of Douglas's best writing. From her childhood in the early 1900s through four marriages, ten years living in a small miner's cabin in a remote and inaccessible area the Cascade Mountains, and forty years on a homestead on Cortes Island. Like no other, Gilean Douglas's story illustrates the changing world for women in the twentieth century.
 id : 248614 ISBN : 0141312378  | name : I'm Not Who You Think I Am  |  description : Who is the strange woman in the white car watching Ginger? She appears at Ginger's birthday party, at her school, and in front of her house, but Ginger has never met her before. When she confronts Ginger, she reveals a secret that will change Ginger's life. And when the woman's confrontations become threatening, Ginger is forced into a crisis of loyalty and honor—a crisis from which her family might never recover.
 id : 248616 ISBN : 0393045900  | name : Inner Hunger  |  description : A painful, powerful, and ultimately enriching account of what it feels like to be young, confused, and controlled by food, "Inner Hunger" tells an important story of anguish, frustration, and ultimately, triumph.
 id : 248617 ISBN : 0451168305  | name : Goodbye, Paper Doll  |  description : Suffering from anorexia nervosa, seventeen-year-old Rosemary Norton carries her dieting to such an extreme that it begins to endanger her health, but she slyly escapes discovery.
 id : 248618 ISBN : 0870816527  | name : Click  |  description : Police photographer "Mick" McClary investigates the murder of his friend in tiny Pushroot, Wyoming.
 id : 248619 ISBN : 0887392571  | name : I Love You, Kate  |  description : Kyle and Katelynn had the kind of love that could last for a century. They were determined to spend their lives together no matter what obstacles they encountered. Suddenly, Kyle was killed by a drunk driver. For three years Katelynn put up walls to block herself from the rest of the world. And then she met Jack. she had to find a way to open herself to love him, to let go of her haunting memory of Kyle.
 id : 248620 ISBN : 1562477544  | name : A Song for Jeffrey  |  description : Written by a distinguished group of Third World and American scholars, this book investigates the political, economic, cultural, and religious dynamics of the Third World. Both highly topical and extremely timely, the volume takes an interdisciplinary approach to the subject, employing analytical tools drawn from political science, history, economics, and sociology. The papers included serve to facilitate a new understanding of the complex nature of Third World nationalism, explore critical issues facing the Third World such as widespread hunger in Africa and the mounting debt crisis, and offer new perspectives on the role of religion and ethnicity in Third World politics. In his introduction, Ali sets the context for the papers that follow. He notes that the new nations of the Third World cannot be political and economic equals of the developed nations. Thus, aware of their weaknesses, the overriding concern of Third World leaders is to preserve themselves from foreign encroachment. The 14 subsequent papers define, explain, and analyze the myriad issues and problems that today confront policy-makers in both the Third World and the developed nations, including: the economic impact of OPEC; the political and economic origins of hunger in Africa; the West and Third World Religion; open economics and repressive policies in the Third World; the influences on and effects of U.S. policies towards the Third World. Students of political science as well as policy-makers and diplomats will find Third World At the Crossroads enlightening and provocative reading.
 id : 248621 ISBN : 1896095186  | name : Pool-hopping  |  description : The fascinating characters in this short story collection come from differing backgrounds and generations, but all sense disorder lurking beneath the fragile surface of existence. These finely crafted, witty, and engaging stories were short-listed for the 1999 Governor-General's Fiction Award.
 id : 248622 ISBN : 0375507299  | name : The Snow Geese  |  description : Every spring, millions of geese embark on an arduous three-thousand-mile migration from their winter quarters in the southern United States to their breeding grounds in the Canadian Arctic. One year William Fiennes decided to go with them. Intrigued by what he’d read about the birds’ amazing annual journey, Fiennes was also desperate to emerge from a period of illness and from the belief that, at age twenty-six, his life had ground to a halt. The story of his voyage turns out to be about a great deal more than geese. A blend of memoir, natural history, and travel writing,The Snow Geeseis also about homecoming: the birds on their long homeward journey north, the romance of homecomings, the urge to leave home and the even stronger need to return. The arc of Fiennes’s extraordinary adventure is the backbone of a narrative rich in meditations on philosophy and natural science, and deeply perceptive in its descriptions of both physical and emotional travel. Already being compared with Bruce Chatwin and Barry Lopez, William Fiennes is a gifted writer with a voice that is thoughtful, wry, and keenly observant. His book thrums with ideas, with stories and anecdotes, with humankind as well as with birds. The joy of being alive, of being on the move, and—above all—of returning home are poignantly captured in this intelligent, exuberant book, a debut of great delicacy and distinction.
 id : 248623 ISBN : 2020258803  | name : La flamme de l'attention  |  description : Krishnamurti (1896-1986) parcourt la planète durant soixante ans en donnant des causeries à de vastes auditoires. Le volume contient des conférences choisies parmi celles qu'il prononça d'octobre 1981 à septembre 1982. L'amour et l'intelligence n'ont pas de cause, ils sont lumière. Les idées sont le fruit du savoir emmagasiné dans le cerveau. Elles découlent d'un processus matériel et sont toujours limitées et soumises à la loi des causes et des effets, elles n'ont aucune prise holistique sur le réel. Lorsque la véritable nature de l'activité mentale dans le psychisme est clairement observée et comprise, le processus de la pensée cesse d'être prédominant. Une telle compréhension est pure intelligence, libre de toute causalité, c'est la voie d'un changement radical de la condition humaine.
 id : 248624 ISBN : 202054296X  | name : L'envoi Des Anges / Angels Flight  |  description : Appelé en pleine nuit par son patron, l'inspecteur Harry Bosch est prié de se rendre au funiculaire de l'Angels Flight, où l'on a retrouvé deux cadavres, dont celui d'Howard Elias, avocat des droits civiques et qui s'est fait une spécialité de traîner la police de Los Angeles devant la justice. Ces procès lui ont valu une belle popularité chez les Noirs. C'est dire si l'enquête qu'Harry se voit aussitôt confier est explosive : ses collègues constituent des suspects idéaux et s'il commet la moindre erreur, c'est tout le quartier de South Central qui peut s'embraser à nouveau, comme après l'affaire Rodney King. Et pour ne rien arranger sa femme, la belle Eleanor Wish, une ancienne du FBI qui a mal tourné, est en train de le quitter. Mais les ordres sont les ordres. Alors Harry Bosch obéit, et se heurte aussitôt aux premiers sabotages de son travail. [Source : 4e de couv.]
 id : 248625 ISBN : 2020590786  | name : Ad vitam aeternam  |  description : Anabel a vingt cinq ans. Elle travaille dans une boutique où l'on pratique le piercing, ainsi que d'autres techniques d'implants corporels beaucoup plus hard. Elle se lie d'amitié avec Monsieur Jacob, un étrange propriétaire de magasin de pompes funèbres. Au même moment, un vieillard nommé Ruderi va être libéré de prison après quarante années de détention. La fillette qu'il a mutilée est devenue une femme qui, clouée sur son fauteuil roulant, ne rêve que de vengeance. Elle fait appel à un tueur professionnel, Oleg, pour le pister dès sa libération. Oleg va découvrir le lien étrange qui unit Ruderi et Monsieur Jacob, un secret très lourd, insensé, qui est le grand personnage de cette histoire, ainsi que la Mort, dont la vitalité est à toute épreuve.
 id : 248626 ISBN : 2253170313  | name : Dix-Huit Heures Pour Mourir  |  description : Dans un abattoir désaffecté, au cœur des plaines du Kansas, trois criminels en cavale se sont retranchés, retenant en otages huit écolières sourdes-muettes et leurs enseignantes. Lou Handy, le meneur psychopathe, place très haut ses enchères meurtrières : il abattra une fillette par heure s'il n'obtient pas satisfaction. Pour Arthur Potter, le négociateur dépêché par le FBI, commence le bras de fer le plus éprouvant de sa carrière. Il trouvera une alliée en la personne de Melanie, l'une des enseignantes, atteinte du même handicap que ses élèves : un handicap qui peut aussi constituer un atout, puisque les ravisseurs ne comprennent pas le langage de leurs victimes... Cette course contre la mort, qui met en scène de façon remarquablement sensible et documentée l'univers des sourds-muets, nous mène sans une seconde de répit jusqu'à l'affrontement et au retournement ultimes.
 id : 248627 ISBN : 2277229369  | name : Cyteen  |  description : Ariane Emory, politicienne habile, impose ses volontés au Conseil des Neuf qui gouverne l'Union des mondes de l'Espace profond. Ariane Emory, administratrice autoritaire, dirige d'une main de fer les laboratoires de Reseune, spécialisés dans la production d'êtres humains : les azis, travailleurs et soldats élevés, conditionnés et possédés par leurs créateurs. Ariane Emory, scientifique de génie, n'hésite pas à se livrer à des manipulations - génétiques et autres. Femme corrompue, elle ne recule devant rien - pas même le chantage et le viol - pour parvenir à ses fins... Mais certaines de ses expériences restent inachevées. Pour les mener à bien, Ariane Emory doit poursuivre l'immortalité, l'apanage des dieux...
 id : 248628 ISBN : 0553151967  | name : Danny-The Champion of the World  |  description : A young English boy describes his relationship with his father and the special adventure they share together.
 id : 248629 ISBN : 0449225208  | name : The Christmas Spirit  |  description : HER MAGIC MEANT NOTHING IF SHE COULDNT HAVE HIM! Lovely, mischievous Trudy was an elf who forever sought adventure, but this time her playful tricks had gone awry. As a wager, she had taken on human form, becoming a green eyed beauty Sir Matthew Dunstone couldn't resist. Luring him willingly into her world of magic and mist was the game at hand, but now the trick had lost all appeal. She was burdened by her treachery--Trudy had fallen in love. When she was with Matthew, she felt so different, so . . . human. His kiss tasted of things she could never duplicate in her world: trust, hope, free will. But when he learned of her deception, would he come with her? For she could never remain in the human world--although 'twas Christmas, and perhaps she might wish for a miracle. . . .
 id : 248632 ISBN : 0670528951  | name : Orson Welles, a Biography  |  description : .,."[A] beautifully researched, valuable study of one of America's most influential and mysterious artists. ...[What] makes this book remarkable is Welles's own contribution. His comments, opinions, interviews cut in and out of the narrative with an almost cinematic force." -Patricia Bosworth
 id : 248635 ISBN : 0445205415  | name : Behind the Door  |  description : Injured in an automobile accident, Elizabeth finds herself trapped in Skystone Hospital, a convalescent home run by a psychopathic staff
 id : 248639 ISBN : 1413702783  | name : The Adventures of Corker Larue  |  description : By the author of Lily Snow ... Corker LaRueA[a¬aa man out of place in the worldA[a¬afinds himself orphaned in his middle age and realizes that he must now make his way on his own. In order to survive, he is forced to take a job selling peanuts on the filthy streets of New York City. But his uneventful life is set into a whirl of heady desire and experience when he meets Tina Hornet, a beautiful, haughty "actress" with whom he becomes infatuated, but who spurns his advances. Unbeknownst to him, she will lead him into a bizarre misadventure that will eventually take him all over the worldA[a¬aand out of it. In this novel, comedy and pathos, adventure and tragedy, great hope and bitter sorrow combine to form an unforgettable reading experience in which absurdity is redeemed by a core of deep emotional truth, and the concepts of love, death, despair, resurrection, and redemption are continually explored by their epitomization in a multitude of events and characters. While uniquely American in the perspective of its major characters, the exuberant creativity of this work embraces the whole human family, making it a truly world novel.
 id : 248640 ISBN : 0525940774  | name : The Silver Cloud Café  |  description : "The Silver Cloud Cafe is a novel that goes beyond and beneath. Beyond and beneath the glossy surface of San Francisco. Beyond and beneath the clean-scrubbed image of American life. It goes to the Mission District, where two neon angels stand watch over the ramshackle cantina known as Raphael's Silver Cloud Cafe and where the lost and lonely, desperate and dispossessed, come for a meager portion of solace and salvation in the form of companionship, drink, and sex. It goes to the dark waters under the Fourth Street Bridge, where the corpse of a failed priest surfaces, and to the jailhouse, where a nattily dressed midget takes credit and demands punishment for the crime." "This amazing novel is at once a gripping murder mystery that probes two macabre killings forty years apart and a panoramic meditation on the magical, mystical mix of race and culture in America. Its spellbinding story of intertwining guilt and innocence, crime and punishment, ranges over the century, from the bloody Christero Wars of the Mexican Revolution to the stifling rigidities of class and caste in the Philippines to the bitter harvests of migrants in the California farmlands to the feeding frenzy and human downsizing of the 1990s. Its characters include a Chicano lawyer and a Jewish investigator who have seen too much and believe too little; a Mexican priest torn by twin lusts for sex and vengeance; a black ex-boxer who is down but not out; a bar owner with a sense of divine mission; and a host of other unforgettable men and women who join in a superbly orchestrated symphony of voices and visions."--BOOK JACKET.Title Summary field provided by Blackwell North America, Inc. All Rights Reserved
 id : 248642 ISBN : 0312155115  | name : Dear Ernest and Julio  |  description : An ordinary guy sends out a series of job application letters in which he applies to be Barbara Eden's houseboy, a Power Ranger, a LA-Z-Boy tester, and a Sea World whale trainer, among others. Original. 50,000 first printing.
 id : 248646 ISBN : 1581150601  | name : Crafts and Craft Shows  |  description : Craftspeople, hobby-ists, and crafts-related businesses will find this a thorough and entertaining guide to selling in today's booming craft show marketplace.
 id : 248647 ISBN : 1874061149  | name : The Queen's Gambit  |  description : In this cult classic, Walter Tevis does for chess what he did for pool in his bestselling novel The Hustler. he turns it into the most exciting game in the world. Eight-year-old orphan Beth Harmon is quiet, sullen, and by all appearances unremarkable. That is until she plays her first game of chess. Her senses grow sharper, her thinking clearer, and for the first time in her life she feels herself fully in control. By the age of sixteen, she's competing for the U.S. Open championship. But as she hones her skills on the professional circuit, the stakes get higher, her isolation grows more frightening, and the thought of escape becomes all the more tempting. Engaging and fast-paced, The Queen's Gambit speeds to a conclusion as elegant and satisfying as a mate in four.
 id : 248648 ISBN : 1892597020  | name : Strangers in Paradise: It's a good life  |  description : Chronicles the relationship between three friends--Katchoo, Francine, and David--and the people they fall in and out of love with, in a story of dark pasts, hopeful futures, double-crosses, and true friendship.
 id : 248649 ISBN : 0920656307  | name : The Secret of Willow Castle  |  description : Canadian story early 19th century Orphaned servant girl sent to farm.
 id : 248650 ISBN : 0028630289  | name : Frommer's? California 2000  |  description : Life is short. Vacations are shorter. Relax! Trust your trip to Frommer's. Choose the Only Guide That Gives You: Exact prices, so you can plan the perfect trip no matter what your budget. The latest, most reliable information—completely updated every year! Dozens of easy-to-read color maps. The widest and best selection of hotels and restaurants in every price range, with candid, in-depth reviews. All the practical details you need to make the most of your time and money. One-of-a-kind experiences and undiscovered gems, plus a new take on all the top attractions. Outspoken opinions on what's worth your time and what's not. A fresh, personal approach that puts the fun and excitement back into travel! It's a Whole New World with Frommer's. Find us online at www.frommers.com
 id : 248652 ISBN : 067161746X  | name : The Bachelor Home Companion  |  description : A tongue-in-cheek survival guide for single people reveals the quintessential secrets of no-fuss housekeeping
 id : 248653 ISBN : 0743203763  | name : As Hogan Said--  |  description : Golfers are always looking for shortcuts, tips and quick paths to saving strokes. And in the three centuries that people have been writing about the game, all of the great players and teachers have had their wisdom quoted, written down and passed along. Focusing on istructional nuggets and not just philosophical fodder, AS HOGAN SAID... pulls together the best piees of golf advice ever said or written in a unique collection that is both practical and inspiring. With a gallery of golfing greats that includes Bobby Jones, Jack Nicklaus, Sam Snead, Tom Watson and Tiger Woods, AS HOGAN SAID... features the games most perfect pointers on subjects ranging from starting out, putting, driving, warming up, tempo, sand, lessons, getting older and the mental side of the game. Making relevant stops at such luminaries as Harvey Penick, P.G. Wodehouse, and Bernard Darwin, this is the perfect gift book for everybody's favourite golf enthusiast!
 id : 248655 ISBN : 0884159221  | name : Why Stop?  |  description : These historical roadside markers let you relive the triumphs and tragedies that shape Texas. They let you stand where early settlers stood and perhaps felt what they felt.
 id : 248656 ISBN : 0912333022  | name : The are You Being Served?  |  description : These hilarious stories by the creator of public television's longest-running hit series capture the wacky sensibility and off-the-wall humor of the British sitcom. With characters such as the cheerfully lecherous Mr. Lucas and the overbearing, ever-proper Mrs. Slocombe, readers revisit the Men's and Ladies' Wear Departments of Grace Brothers Department Store--where hopelessly politically incorrect repartee sets the stage for decades of viewership. 16 color photos.
 id : 248659 ISBN : 0060971665  | name : The Ideal Bakery  |  description : Offers a collection of short stories, including "Christmas Snow," "Keat's Birthday," and "The Figure of the Woods"
 id : 248661 ISBN : 0870405039  | name : Fine Crochet Lace  |  description : Easy-to-follow instructions for elegant crocheted pieces for your home. Many patterns are included, but you can also learn to make your own designs with the detailed techniques.
 id : 248662 ISBN : 1564969630  | name : Making Designer Gemstone and Pearl Jewelry  |  description : - Simple techniques for making fabulous gemstone and pearl jewelry at home- Projects include bracelets, anklets, earrings, necklaces, and more- Features extensive information on the folklore and healing powers of gemstones and a comprehensive resource section of supplies
 id : 248663 ISBN : 0195006844  | name : Interpretations of American Literature  |  description : This is a collection of interpretive essays on major works, major writers, and a few major strains of American literature. It is designed to serve the student and the inquiring reader as a running commentary on the basic texts.
 id : 248667 ISBN : 0345406354  | name : Silver Moons, Black Steel  |  description : Dion, Healer and Wolfwalker, is desperate to distance herself from the fate that awaits her, but she cannot elude the Gray Ones, who grow restless with her absence; the brother searching for his Wolfwalker twin; and the people of her homeland who rely on Dion to secure their future with her knowledge. This is the first new novel in four years to feature the race of humans who bond telepathically with wolves.
 id : 248668 ISBN : 0060210699  | name : Dinosaur Encore  |  description : Fold-out flaps reveal comparisons between various dinosaurs and familiar animals living today. Includes glossary.
 id : 248669 ISBN : 0374312486  | name : The China Garden  |  description : After college Clare moves with her mother from London to a rural home where her psychic ability helps unravel the past and where she searches for something called the Benison.
 id : 248670 ISBN : 0399215166  | name : Wild Animal Stories  |  description : A reproduction of a Victorian book featuring pop-up illustrations accompanied by stories about wild animals that live in jungles, mountains, forests, and polar regions.
 id : 248671 ISBN : 0671444638  | name : A Treasury of Bedtime Stories  |  description : Offen's enchanting illustrations give life to 30 beloved classics.
 id : 248672 ISBN : 0746027079  | name : Sword Quest  |  description : Stunning fantasy-adventures which the reader undertakes a perilous puzzle quest. Each double-page is a fantastically detailed scene filled with things to find, mysteries to solve and colorful creatures and characters to outwit.
 id : 248673 ISBN : 059042856X  | name : Two-minute Mysteries  |  description : For use in schools and libraries only. A collection of 158 mini-mysteries in which readers play Dr. Watson to master-detective Dr. Haledjian.
 id : 248674 ISBN : 0060526491  | name : Melancholy Death of Oyster Boy, The-Holiday Ed.  |  description : From breathtaking stop-action animation to bittersweet modern fairy tales, filmmaker Tim Burton has become known for his unique visual brilliance -- witty and macabre at once. Now he gives birth to a cast of gruesomely sympathetic children -- misunderstood outcasts who struggle to find love and belonging in their cruel, cruel worlds. His lovingly lurid illustrations evoke both the sweetness and the tragedy of these dark yet simple beings -- hopeful, hapless heroes who appeal to the ugly outsider in all of us, and let us laugh at a world we have long left behind (mostly anyway).
 id : 248676 ISBN : 043595086X  | name : Quartet  |  description : Set in Bengal at the turn of the century, this novel, originally published in Bengali in 1916, is a story of conflicts between reason and emotion, mysticism and passion. The author, a prolific writer and artist, won the 1913 Nobel Prize for Literature, and has been described as "the Indian Goethe".
 id : 248677 ISBN : 0671695835  | name : A Tale of Two Cities  |  description : The grim tale of the people who were caught up in the wave of violence and murder which marked the French Revolution.
 id : 248678 ISBN : 0844283916  | name : NTC's Dictionary of Japan's Cultural Code Words  |  description : For centuries the Japanese used their language as a barrier to prevent non-Japanese from learning about the inner workings of Japnese society and to ward off foreign influence. In fact, for a long period in Japan's history the teeaching of Japanese to foreigners was a serious crime against the state. In this enlightening work, renowned Japanologist Boye Lafayette De Mente discusses how the psychology of the social and political system that evolved over the centuries became imbued in and expressed by the language to a degree seldom seen in other cultures. The author brings more than 25 years of experience in Japan to the task of revealing the hidden cultural significance of current expressions in the Japanese language. With ample reference to history, psychology, philosophy, and religion, the reader learns how the Japanese view certain behaviours and attitudes and why they are conditioned to respond in certain ways to specific situations. Features: 230 quintessentially Japanese expressions that every Japanese knows - and believes that non-Japanese cannot possibly understand a 14-entry set of introductory readings, designed to offer a broad cultural overview of Japan cross-referencing of entires by thematic groupings, such as "Loyalty," "Collective Behaviour," and "Leadership" This innovative text provides readers with the insights necessary for effective communication with their Japanese counterparts. Whatever your involvement with Japan - personal, travel, or business - NTC's Dictionary of Japan's Cultural Code Words is an invaluable and one-of-a-kind reference.
 id : 248679 ISBN : 1573563609  | name : Postbaccalaureate Futures  |  description : In today's knowledge-based global economy, continuous learning has become essential to ensuring a productive, competitive workforce. Confronted with both a growing demand for postbaccalaureate learning opportunities and increased competition, higher education institutions are developing new strategies. Institutions are pooling their resources, adopting new technologies, developing modularized curricula, focusing on quality assurance, and creating new credentials. Postbaccalaureate Futures explores the nature of the demand for postbaccalaureate learning and how this demand is influencing higher education generally--its financing, quality assurance, use of technology in teaching and learning, and public perceptions of the academy.
 id : 248682 ISBN : 0140296247  | name : The Disciplined Mind  |  description : Reassesses the goals of education, exploring the nature of learning and arguing that education should promote an understanding of the physical, biological, and social worlds from multiple perspectives.
 id : 248683 ISBN : 0553197940  | name : The Bad Seed  |  description : Now reissued - William March's 1954 classic thriller that's as chilling, intelligent and timely as ever before. This paperback reissue includes a new P.S. section with author interviews, insights, features, suggested reading and more. What happens to ordinary families into whose midst a child serial killer is born? This is the question at the center of William march's classic thriller. After its initial publication in 1954, the book went on to become a million-copy bestseller, a wildly successful Broadway show, and a Warner Brothers film. The spine-tingling tale of little Rhoda Penmark had a tremendous impact on the thriller genre and generated a whole perdurable crop of creepy kids. Today, The Bad Seed remains a masterpiece of suspense that's as chilling, intelligent, and timely as ever before.
 id : 248684 ISBN : 0877423520  | name : Freewheelin'  |  description : Relates the experiences and observances of the author as he bicycled through seventeen states, spanning 5,400 miles
 id : 248687 ISBN : 0452279380  | name : On the Edge of a Dream  |  description : Exerting all the primal pull of great storytelling, these haunting and lyrical tales activate ancient memories buried deep within our collective unconscious. From the sea goddess Fand to Cerridwen who can change her shape at will to the great warrior Queen Creidne, the women of Celtic literature are here celebrated for their ingenuity, spirit, physical courage, and deep instinctual nature. Featuring startling transformations and sweet revenge, bawdy humor and melancholy lyricism, the tales gathered in this collection celebrate primal female experience and the deep reverence the Celts had for all natural phenomenon.
 id : 248688 ISBN : 0764555030  | name : Islam For Dummies  |  description : Many non-Muslims have no idea that Muslims worship the same God as Christians and Jews, and that Islam preaches compassion, charity, humility, and the brotherhood of man. And the similarities don’t end there. According to Islamic teaching, Muhammad founded Islam in 610 CE after the angel Gabriel appeared to him at Mecca and told him that God had entered him among the ranks of such great biblical prophets as Abraham, Moses, and Christ. Whether you live or work alongside Muslims and want to relate to them better, or you simply want to gain a better understanding of the world’s second largest religion, Islam For Dummies can help you make sense of this religion and its appeal. From the Qur’an to Ramadan, this friendly guide introduces you to the origins, practices and beliefs of Islam, including: Muhammad, the man and the legend The Five Pillars of Wisdom The Five Essentials beliefs of Islam The different branches of Islam and Islamic sects The Qur’an and Islamic law Islam throughout history and its impact around the world Professor Malcolm Clark explores the roots of Islam, how it has developed over the centuries, and it’s long and complex relationship with Christianity. He helps puts Islam in perspective as a major cultural and geopolitical force. And he provided helpful insights into, among other things: Muhammad, the Qur’an and the ethical teachings of Islam Muslim worship, customs, and rituals surrounding birth, marriage, and death Shi’ites, Sunnis, Sufis, Druze, and other important Muslim groups Islam in relation to Judaism and Christianity In these troubled times, it is important that we try to understand the belief systems of others, for through understanding comes peace. Islam For Dummies helps you build bridges of understanding between you and your neighbors in the global village.
 id : 248689 ISBN : 0782141439  | name : Networking Complete  |  description : This third edition of the best-selling Networking Complete is a one-of-a-kind computer book—valuable for its broad content and its low price. This book contains updated coverage of the essential information you need to know about networking, both in the office and in the home. With Networking Complete, you'll learn about designing, installing, maintaining, and administering networks using a variety of operating systems, including Windows 2000, Mac OS, NetWare 6, Linux, and UNIX. You'll quickly take advantage of all that networking has to offer. Get up to speed with the basics, then move on to develop intranet systems. Finally, an extensive section on network security and firewalls will help you ensure the reliability and security of your home or business network. The reference section contains a comprehensive networking glossary, which you'll find to be an invaluable daily tool. Finally, you can examine the exciting IT consulting career opportunities awaiting you. Networking Complete introduces you to the work of some of Sybex's finest authors, so you'll know where to go to learn even more about what's possible with your network. Inside: Networking Fundamentals An Introduction to Networking Networks in the Workplace Topologies and Network Types OSI Model and Major Protocol Suites Wireless—Cell, Radio, Satellite Networking Hardware and Software Installing Cards and Cables Repeaters, Hubs, Routers, Switches, and Bridges Network Operating Systems and Client Software Networking with Windows 2000 and Windows XP Thin Client Networking Using Citrix MetaFrame XP Web Applications Network Design, Maintenance, and Troubleshooting Principles of Network Design Home Networking Choices Managing Windows 2000 Networks Network Troubleshooting and Disaster Recovery Intranets and Interconnecting Networks Building an Intranet Infrastructure Remote Access Concepts Java, E-Commerce, ASP Network Security Security Concepts and Terminology NetWare 6 Network Security Unix Security Virtual Private Networking L2TP, PPTP, RADIUS Firewalls, Proxy Servers, and Encryption Networking References How to Become an IT Consultant Glossary
 id : 248690 ISBN : 0595250653  | name : A Virtual Kill  |  description : K.C. Walsh is a bright young engineer, living in a post-industrial society. He lands the perfect job, with machines, telecommuting, and a kind yet head-strong boss. His peaceful world is turned upside down as a chain of events lands him investigating an international murder mystery to protect a coworker. Serjei Sokhu is an information broker, a.k.a. a hacker. He is hired to do a simple computer spoofing job. Simple, except he turns up dead. A foreign government is after the wrong person, and only K.C. can set it straight, and save a friend from deportation and gulag. The clock is ticking!
 id : 248691 ISBN : 159113322X  | name : Visiting Grandma  |  description : Danny's grandmother has been diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease. She scarcely recognizes him anymore. She has deserted Danny just when he needs her the most. He is coming to terms with being gay, and his mother's newest boyfriend, Mark, has begun approaching him sexually.
 id : 248694 ISBN : 0133374866  | name : Security in Computing  |  description : When the first edition of this book was published in 1989, the Internet was only used by serious computer professionals, and computer crime was a rarity. Not anymore! This sweeping revision has all new coverage of viruses, worms, Trojan horses, firewalls, private e-mail, new encryption technologies and more.
 id : 248695 ISBN : 0140230122  | name : The User Illusion  |  description : As John Casti wrote, "Finally, a book that really does explain consciousness." This groundbreaking work by Denmark's leading science writer draws on psychology, evolutionary biology, information theory, and other disciplines to argue its revolutionary point: that consciousness represents only an infinitesimal fraction of our ability to process information. Although we are unaware of it, our brains sift through and discard billions of pieces of data in order to allow us to understand the world around us. In fact, most of what we call thought is actually the unconscious discarding of information. What our consciousness rejects constitutes the most valuable part of ourselves, the "Me" that the "I" draws on for most of our actions--fluent speech, riding a bicycle, anything involving expertise. No wonder that, in this age of information, so many of us feel empty and dissatisfied. As engaging as it is insightful, this important book encourages us to rely more on what our instincts and our senses tell us so that we can better appreciate the richness of human life.
 id : 248696 ISBN : 0415239982  | name : Philosophy  |  description : Warburton'sPhilosophy: The Classicsintroduces philosophy through its key writings and does not assume any previous knowledge of philosophy. It is a clear and concise explanation of some of the great works of Western philosophy from Plato'sRepublicto Wittgenstein'sPhilosophical Investigations. The second edition of this best-selling book includes four new chapters covering great works by Boethius, Machiavelli, Spinoza and Rawls. Philosophy: The Classicsoffers the reader an accessible introduction to these texts, identifying and clearly explaining the key themes as well as subjecting them to critical scrutiny. This is an ideal book for anyone who wants to discover philosophy since it gracefully introduces the subject to anyone who ever hesitated to approach it.
 id : 248698 ISBN : 0330324071  | name : All Because of Polly  |  description : Sequel to SUMMER PONIES. At long last, Jess has her very own pony.
 id : 248699 ISBN : 0330345338  | name : Will to Win  |  description : The second book in the Riders series from the author of Hollywell Stables. Alex Johnson and her arch rival Camilla Davies have been put on the same team for the local one-day event. Will they put the past behind them and form a winning team?
 id : 248700 ISBN : 0744563038  | name : Pure Chance  |  description : Lizzie would love to have a horse more than anything in the world. But her dad says it's all too expensive, so Lizzie can only watch and dream. Then, a chance meeting with a woman called Moya and a little horse called Spud gives Lizzie's riding hopes an unexpected spur.
 id : 248703 ISBN : 088029809X  | name : The Decline and Fall of Practically Everybody  |  description : Little known facts about some very famous men and women in history, including Cheops, Hatshepsut, Pericles, Alexander the Great, Hannibal, Cleopatra, Attila The Hun, Charlemagne, Lady Godiva, Lucrezia Borgia, Philip II, Louis XIV, Madame Du Barry, Peter The Great, Catherine The Great, Frederick The Great, William the Conqueror, Henry VII, Elizabeth, George III, Leif Ericsson, Christopher Columbus, Montezuma, Captain John Smith, and Miles Standish.
 id : 248704 ISBN : 094754898X  | name : The Mermaid's Song  |  description : The old woman they call Grandmother Nature asks a young mermaid to bring a message from the secret people of the sea to the musham, telling them that the sea and the earth are in great danger of being destroyed. Despite the sea laws forbidding contact with the musham, Emerald, the young mermaid, agrees to make this strange and dangerous journey.
 id : 248705 ISBN : 1573226009  | name : Elizabeth  |  description : Biography of Britain's Queen Elizabeth II from her birth to the age of seventy, examining her roles as celebrity, symbol of British history, executive, and mother, with information drawn from first-hand observances of the royals and interviews with friends, politicians, courtiers, and Palace employees.
 id : 248711 ISBN : 0786004282  | name : Thunder in the East  |  description : The armies of freedom now control the western U.S., but the evil New Order is raising a huge mercenary force to reclaim America. Now, top-gun jet fighter Hawk Hunter, "Wingman", will launch a kamikaze raid to rescue the eastern cities from the clutches of the death masters. To succeed, he must decimate every last enemy of the free world--and save the only thing worth dying for--the future of America.
 id : 248713 ISBN : 0786006455  | name : Return from the Inferno  |  description : Once again, America is divided--with Nordic conquerors occupying the East, and Asian mercenaries dominating the West. Worse yet, top-gun jet fighter pilot Hawk Hunter is missing. As the scattered elements of United American troops plan an attack against their oppressors, they can only hope that the Wingman is still alive--and with him the hope of recapturing America's hard-won freedom.
 id : 248715 ISBN : 0671655922  | name : The Gates of Hell  |  description : Alexander of Macedon, Julius Caesar, the Pharaohs Hatshepsut and Cleopatra, Niccolo Machiavelli, Judah Macabee, and other damned adventurers brave the River of Fire and the River of Forgetfulness on a daring journey back to the land of the living
 id : 248716 ISBN : 0553150057  | name : Tuck Everlasting  |  description : Winnie has to decide whether or not to drink the water which lets her live forever.
 id : 248717 ISBN : 1572970561  | name : Amanda  |  description : Working under an assumed name at her father's company, Amanda fiercely pursues her ambitions and quickly masters her job, but the handsome Geoffrey Moran promises to teach her many more tricks of the trade. Original.
 id : 248719 ISBN : 0765341581  | name : The Dragon of Despair  |  description : Fantasy-roman.
 id : 248722 ISBN : 0553587692  | name : The Perfect Husband  |  description : What would you do if the man of your dreams hides the soul of a killer? Jim Beckett was everything she'd ever dreamed of...But two years after Tess married the decorated cop and bore his child, she helped put him behind bars for savagely murdering ten women. Even locked up in a maximum security prison, he vowed he would come after her and make her pay. Now the cunning killer has escaped--and the most dangerous game of all begins.... After a lifetime of fear, Tess will do something she's never done before. She's going to learn to protect her daughter and fight back, with the help of a burned-out ex-marine. As the largest manhunt four states have ever seen mobilizes to catch Beckett, the clock winds down to the terrifying reunion between husband and wife. And Tess knows that this time, her only choices are to kill--or be killed. Lisa Gardner sold her first novel when she was 20 years old. In 1993 she graduated magna cum laude from the University of Pennsylvania with a degree in international relations. She lives in Rhode Island, where she is at work on her next novel of suspense.
 id : 248723 ISBN : 067083887X  | name : Because We are Here  |  description : Slice-of-life stories. In The Beginning of the End of the Cold War, a man waits by a broken car for someone to stop, but no one does, while in Wednesday, a woman observes, "People get the impression their lives are incomplete compared to the lives they see every night on the tube."
 id : 248725 ISBN : 0385325002  | name : Brian's Return  |  description : After surviving in the wilderness on his own, Brian finds that he can no longer live in the city but must return to the place where he really belongs.
 id : 248726 ISBN : 0439314577  | name : Creepy Stuff  |  description : Collects factual stories about visions and dreams, spooky coincidences, not-so-inanimate objects, phantasms and witches, and miscellaneous weird occurrences.
 id : 248727 ISBN : 0671021729  | name : The Rocky Road to Revenge  |  description : Joe and Frank are vacationing in a Rocky Mountain resort when suddenly a strange green light brightens up the sky. Three kidnappings follow. Are they alien abductions or the work of down-to-earth criminals?
 id : 248728 ISBN : 0773674217  | name : Stand Your Ground  |  description : Sometimes the longest journey is back to where you belong... Life was pretty exciting for Jonathan when he lived with his con-artist father. But now he has to stay with his grandparents while his dad hides from some angry customers, and life is tough. It's hard to make friends when your scamming them. Hard to gain the trust of wary grandparents. And hard to decide whether to leave when the coast is clear--or stand for a new and better life.
 id : 248729 ISBN : 0806986603  | name : World's Best Coin Tricks  |  description : Includes instructions for performing more than fifty tricks, with varing degrees of difficulty, using ordinary coins.
 id : 248730 ISBN : 1400042240  | name : Created in Darkness by Troubled Americans  |  description : Now more than ever, Americans are troubled by questions. As sweaty modernity thrusts itself upon us, the veil of ignorance that cloaked our nation hangs in tatters, tattered tatters. Our “funny bones” are neither fun nor bony. Glum is the new giddy, and the old giddy wasn’t too giddy to begin with. What can be done to stop this relentless march of drabbery? Not much. Nothing we can think of. It’s pretty much too late. The light of August turns to the overcast skies of autumn, and the taunting sting of winter cannot be far ahead on the highway of the road on the horizon. Who can sing a song without words? Maybe Bobby McFerrin, but is there anyone else? Where do we go when the party is over? Perhaps the afterparty. But what comes after the afterparty? Questions, there are so many questions, and then some queries, arriving via fax. To these we respond in the only way possible: Talk to the hand, because the face ain’t listening. Nevertheless, we present the pages within as an offering of peace, as a message of hope, and as a perfumed hankie of love—a hankie drizzled with the intoxicating aroma that has only one name: ha-ha-oopsie.
 id : 248731 ISBN : 0618485228  | name : The Namesake  |  description : An incisive portrait of the immigrant experience follows the Ganguli family from their traditional life in India through their arrival in Massachusetts in the late 1960s and their difficult melding into an American way of life, in a debut novel that spans three decades, two continents, and two generations. By the Pulitzer Prize-winning author of Interpreter of Maladies. Reprint.
 id : 248732 ISBN : 086241850X  | name : Nail and Other Stories  |  description : In this collection of short stories: a ten-year-old boy uses Edinburgh buses to escape from his dysfunctional mother and her boyfriend; a retarded youth tries to join a female gang; a dead lesbian lover can't let go; and a British soldier loses the plot.
 id : 248733 ISBN : 0964846411  | name : Dog Tales for the Heart  |  description : Wouldn't it be an unbelievable world if everyone would give us the same unconditional love our dogs do? What if everyone simply accepted us for who and what we are-no matter what the imperfection, or the mood, or the day of the month? "Dog Tales for the Heart" - stories of hope, love, and wisdom for the dog lover in all of us.
 id : 248736 ISBN : 0394931475  | name : When the Sirens Wailed  |  description : Rather than stay with a new family, three young evacuees try to return to their home in London after their country host dies suddenly.
 id : 248737 ISBN : 0716020092  | name : Man Alone Cook Book  |  description : So, you are a man alone in the kitchen for the first time. How do you make an omelette? How do you fry some fish or roast a chicken? How do you stop rice going soggy? From your first shopping trip, the book shows how easy it is to make tasty meals for one and even offers full daily menus for your first two weeks
 id : 248738 ISBN : 0385473621  | name : Divided Sisters  |  description : Based on scores of interviews, cultural literature, and extensive research, this landmark book examines relations between black and white women as children, as adults, at school and in college, at work and at home, in an effort to show the realities and challenges of bridging what is too frequently an unbreachable cultural divide.
 id : 248739 ISBN : 0802116515  | name : Lovers for a Day  |  description : Presents a collection of stories spanning thirty years of the Eastern European author's career
 id : 248741 ISBN : 0691027773  | name : Modern Tyrants  |  description : Along with its much vaunted progress in scientific and economic realms, the twentieth century has witnessed the rise of the most brutal and oppressive regimes in the history of humankind. Even with the collapse of Marxism, current instances of "ethnic cleansing" remind us that tyranny persists in our own age and shows no sign of abating. Daniel Chirot offers an important and timely study of modern tyrants, both revealing the forces that allow them to come to power and helping us to predict where they may arise in the future.
 id : 248742 ISBN : 0060298812  | name : Howl's Moving Castle  |  description : Eldest of three sisters in a land where it is considered to be a misfortune, Sophie is resigned to her fate as a hat shop apprentice until a witch turns her into an old woman and she finds herself in the castle of the greatly feared wizard Howl.
 id : 248743 ISBN : 0312301243  | name : Street Justice  |  description : From the streets of Brooklyn to the set of Oz. From Hells Angel to celebrity bodyguard. The revealing autobiography of an American man. Chuck Zito comes by his reputation honestly as one of the toughest, most uncompromising men ever to sit astride a Harley. Now, with tales both hilarious and chilling, violent and truthful, Zito tells his life story in his own words. From growing up on the mean streets of Brooklyn and the Bronx, where fighting was a way of life, to becoming president of the New York chapter of the Hells Angels, to the wild and crazy life of protecting some of the world's biggest celebrities, Zito might be seen as a latter-day outlaw, the last of a dying breed of men. But throughout his tempestuous days, one thing defined him: his unfailing sense of justice, of what's really right and what's really wrong. That's how Zito found himself facing his biggest challenge: refusing to cooperate with a federal investigation into his brothers, the Hells Angels, and in the process losing the very thing he cherished most-his freedom. Zito's astonishing recovery from this experience, and the unique kind of stardom he forged based on hard work and sheer will, is a testament to his courage, his ambition, and his indomitable heart-a testament now recorded unflinchingly in Street Justice.
 id : 248744 ISBN : 0671792091  | name : The Triumph & Tragedy of Lyndon Johnson  |  description : In this classic portrait of LBJ, Joseph A. Califano reveals the giant at close hand. Califano captures his mentor's lively, irascible spirit as he puts us in the White House alongside LBJ during the trauma of the Vietnam War and the creation of the Great Society. A new afterword draws on the insights offered by tapes released by the Lyndon Baines Johnson Library after the book's original publication to provide further perspective for the complex picture Califano has drawn.
 id : 248745 ISBN : 0679417451  | name : The Eustace Diamonds  |  description : Anthony Trollope's celebrated Parliamentary novels, of which The Eustace Diamonds (1873) is the third and most famous, are at once unfailingly amusing social comedies, melodramas of greed and deception, and precise nature studies of the political animal in its mid-Victorian habitat. With its purloined jewels, its conniving, resilient, mercenary heroine, and its partiality for the human spectacle in all its complexity, The Eustace Diamonds is a splendid example of Trollope's art at its most assured.
 id : 248746 ISBN : 0743243110  | name : Ptown  |  description : Rich with anecdotes about famous and infamous residents (Norman Mailer, Tennessee Williams, Marlon Brando), "Ptown" is a lively, penetrating, and occasionally shocking look at Provincetown, Massachusetts, by writer Manso, who has lived there for much of his life. 16-page photo insert.
 id : 248748 ISBN : 0812920848  | name : Crime Scene  |  description : A rookie reporter recounts his experiences covering the police beat in New York City, describing children killed by stray bullets, a man struck by lightning, race crimes, the courage of police officers' wives, and more. 30,000 first printing. Tour.
 id : 248749 ISBN : 0007139411  | name : The Crash of Hennington  |  description : Debut. Satire.
 id : 248750 ISBN : 0028630106  | name : Get in Shape the Lazy Way  |  description : A certified personal trainer offers a trouble-free way to tone up and build muscle without cutting into precious spare time.
 id : 248752 ISBN : 0060254025  | name : Dreamland  |  description : As the stars whisper a lullabye at bedtime, the man in the moon and the Milky Way welcome a child to dreamland.
 id : 248753 ISBN : 0060937122  | name : The Great Taos Bank Robbery  |  description : In this extraordinary collection, Tony Hillerman presents the Southwest as only he can, choosing remarkable true tales from his personal archives of local lore. As you read these stories, you will be amazed, astounded, and oftentimes confounded by the power of ingenuity, serendipity, and the strange, comical coincidence of life and how it proves, once again, that truth is ultimately stranger than fiction. From the amusing title story of the holdup that didn't happen, to the riveting account of scientists tracking Black Death through the arroyos, to the ironic account of how a black cowboy's commonsense intelligence destroyed the dogma of the Smithsonian Institution, master storyteller Tony Hillerman reveals the present and timeless past of one of America's most beautiful and haunting regions.
 id : 248754 ISBN : 0060965800  | name : Greetings from the Simpsons  |  description : 32 all-new original designs featuring characters and situations gathered together in a book of hilarious postcards to send or save. This is a colourful tribute to the world's most popular family which puts the 'fun' in dysfunctional "
 id : 248755 ISBN : 0061042870  | name : Stone Cold  |  description : "Kelly Connor, a talented young jockey, knows that being asked to ride a magnificent four-year-old gray at Ascot could be her big break. What she doesn't know is that while she wants to win with all her heart, some very influential-and dangerous-people want her to lose."--(p.4) of cover
 id : 248757 ISBN : 0140172173  | name : Inside the Third World  |  description : Studies the political, social, and economic factors that lead to the poverty, malnutrition, and civil unrest found in Third World countries.
 id : 248758 ISBN : 0140284613  | name : Something Fresh  |  description : Freddie Threepwood is engaged to marry Aline, delightful daughter of Mr Peters, a wealthy American and passionate collector of Egyptian scarabs. In a moment of absent-mindedness, Lord Emsworth helps himself to a valuable scarab, leaving Peters offering a thousand pounds for its return. Joan Valentine, an old trusted friend of Aline, decides to try her hand at retrieving it, as does Ashe Marson, once Joan's friend, now her rival. Soon the place has people tripping over each other in an effort to reclaim the ancient relic.
 id : 248759 ISBN : 014036028X  | name : Isabelle the Itch  |  description : When she takes over her brother's paper route, Isabelle finds an outlet for her excess energy and a way to make friends out of enemies.
 id : 248760 ISBN : 015200081X  | name : Much Ado about Prom Night  |  description : Political uproar about a peer counseling program in a southern California high school keeps two star-crossed antagonists at odds before the upcoming prom.
 id : 248762 ISBN : 0195140559  | name : Burr, Hamilton, and Jefferson  |  description : Profiles the personal qualities, political achievements, and life ambitions of Aaron Burr, Alexander Hamilton, and Thomas Jefferson.
 id : 248763 ISBN : 0201196778  | name : Friday Night Lights  |  description : Return once again to the timeless account of the Permian Panthers of Odessa--the winningest high-school football team in Texas history. Odessa is not known to be a town big on dreams, but the Panthers help keep the hopes and dreams of this small, dusty town going. Socially and racially divided, its fragile economy follows the treacherous boom-bust path of the oil business. In bad times, the unemployment rate barrels out of control; in good times, its murder rate skyrockets. But every Friday night from September to December, when the Permian High School Panthers play football, this West Texas town becomes a place where dreams can come true. With frankness and compassion, H.G. Bissinger chronicles a season in the life of Odessa and shows how single-minded devotion to the team shapes the community and inspires--and sometimes shatters--the teenagers who wear the Panthers' uniforms.
 id : 248765 ISBN : 0312104383  | name : Charmed Circle  |  description : Adored by their parents, the four Rossiter children seem, to their next-door neighbor, Rachel, an ideal family, but as Rachel spends more time with them, she begins to guess the terrible secret they all hide. 40,000 first printing.
 id : 248766 ISBN : 0312241240  | name : Death in Zanzibar  |  description : Dany Ashton is invited to vacation at her stepfather's home in Zanzibar and finds herself caught up in a search for hidden gold with a group of houseguests that includes a ruthless murderer
 id : 248767 ISBN : 0316134848  | name : On the Field With... Mia Hamm  |  description : A biography of one of the top female soccer players in the country, Mia Hamm, who helped the United States win a gold medal in soccer in the 1996 Olympics.
 id : 248768 ISBN : 0340632372  | name : The Long Shot  |  description : The plan is so complex, the target so well protected that the three snipers have to rehearse the killing in the seclusion of the Arizona desert. Cole Howard of the FBI knows he has only days to prevent the audacious assassination. But he doesn't know who the target is. Or where the crack marksmen will strike. Former SAS sergeant Mike Cramer is also on the trail, infiltrating the Irish community in New York as he tracks down Mary Hennessy, the ruthless killer who tore his life apart. Unless Cramer and Howard agree to co-operate, the world will witness the most spectacular terrorist coup of all time . . .
 id : 248771 ISBN : 0345394933  | name : Fat Cat  |  description : When one Garfield isn't enough! That four-legged fur balloon we affectionately refer to as Garfield always wants more -- and he gives as good as he gets in this hilarious volume of belly-busting laughs. So whether he's chaining himself to the refrigerator, biting Odie's fingernails, or borrowing Jon's deodorant, there's only one thing better than a Garfield collection: three Garfield collections!
 id : 248774 ISBN : 0373193866  | name : Marrying O'Malley  |  description : Marrying O'Malley by Elizabeth August released on Jun 24, 1999 is available now for purchase.
 id : 248775 ISBN : 0373222599  | name : Lying Eyes  |  description : Lying Eyes by Erika Rand released on Nov 24, 1993 is available now for purchase.
 id : 248776 ISBN : 0373253745  | name : Open Invitation  |  description : Open Invitation by Tiffany White released on Sep 22, 1989 is available now for purchase.
 id : 248777 ISBN : 0373440758  | name : The Rancher Gets Hitched/An Affair of Convenience  |  description : In Linz's "The Rancher Gets Hitched, " a housekeeper tries to keep two challenging twins in check while developing a relationship with a mule-headed but sexy rancher. In Hall's "An Affair of Convenience, " a pair of best friends agrees to a no-strings-attached affair, and ends up wanting each other again and again. Only, their careers are getting in the way.
 id : 248778 ISBN : 037344169X  | name : Duets No. 103  |  description : Duets 2-In-1 (103) by Candy Halliday released on Jun 24, 2003 is available now for purchase.
 id : 248779 ISBN : 0373520786  | name : The Accidental Fiance  |  description : Brianna had disqualified herself from the dating game, but she still needed a pretend date to throw off her meddling family. Grant Addison was happy to help a friend, even if it meant pretending to be her fiance to satisfy her relatives. Little did Brianna know that her counterfeit fiance had a motive of his own--to become a husband. And funny thing, Grant had secretly set his sights on his pretend bride-to-be becoming his real-life wife!
 id : 248780 ISBN : 0373872461  | name : What the Heart Knows  |  description : Rocked by her husband's death, struggling single mother Kathleen Somers findsthe love and support she needs from small-town doctor Jared Matthews. In-bookads. Original.
 id : 248781 ISBN : 0375900330  | name : The Eye Book  |  description : A boy and rabbit both have two eyes that see things of almost any size.
 id : 248783 ISBN : 0380811308  | name : Skin Deep  |  description : Strikingly beautiful Nina Moore never thought of herself as a white woman. Proud to be black and serving as faculty advisor to the Black Student Union in a small Arizona college, she discovers that looking white can complicate her life . . . especially her love life.
 id : 248784 ISBN : 0385295162  | name : When the Stars Begin to Fall  |  description : Angry and frustrated that his entire family is considered to be poor trash, fourteen-year-old Harry defies his father and attempts to prove that a factory is polluting their small Adirondack community.
 id : 248785 ISBN : 0393321401  | name : The Strangeness of Beauty  |  description : After several years in the U.S. a Japanese woman returns to Japan, taking along a niece raised in the U.S. The novel describes their adjustment to Japanese culture, different for each generation.
 id : 248787 ISBN : 0395292085  | name : Chase Me, Catch Nobody!  |  description : In pre-World War II Germany, a young Danish boy gets involved with an anti-Nazi plot.
 id : 248788 ISBN : 0395468108  | name : Mind Tools  |  description : From mathematics and computers to insights into the workings of the human mind, Mind Tools is a reflection of the latest intelligence from the frontiers of mathematical thought. Illuminated by more than 100 drawings, Mind Tools connects mathematics to the world around us. It reveals that the great power of mathematics comes from the fact that it serves as an alternative language for understanding things -- from one's hand to the size of infinity. Exploring such concepts as digital versus analog processes, logic as a computing tool, and communication as information transmission, Rudy Rucker presents the "mind tools" for a postmodern age.
 id : 248789 ISBN : 0395636485  | name : The Best American Essays, 1993  |  description : Compiles the best literary essays of the year originally published in American periodicals
 id : 248790 ISBN : 039591910X  | name : Curious George Feeds the Animals  |  description : Curious George gets in trouble by feeding the animals at the zoo, but when a parrot escapes from the rainforest exhibit he is able to save the day.
 id : 248791 ISBN : 0395957907  | name : The Boy  |  description : Who is the boy? And whose body lies beneath a sheet of blue tarpaulin in the basement of a derelict brewery? The discovery of a chilling diary sends Sean Kennedy, once a foster father to the boy, on a desperate search to unlock the secrets of his tragic past and to learn the truth about the boy's part in the disintegration of Sean's family. The boy's compelling and protean personality (he is Devon to the keepers of the Boys' Home, Alex to the Fatman with whom he lives, Priestly to the young rent-boy who reveres him, and Durwood to Sean's daughter) arches over this disturbing novel and is mirrored in the lives of all the people Sean encounters. From these different perspectives we witness the boy's many incarnations, which reflect, aggravate, and distort the desires of those around him, involving these characters irrevocably in his own mysterious intentions. The boy keeps just beyond Sean's reach, then draws him into a final encounter that is both poignant and brutal. This first novel is a penetrating study of innocence and malice ineluctably bound. With his protean sexuality and personality, the boy insinuates himself into the lives of those he encounters. We witness how he feeds their deepest desires, nourishes their greatest needs, and involves them irrevocably in his own intentions. Winner of the Lambda Literary Foundation's Editors' Choice Award for 1998!
 id : 248792 ISBN : 0399125663  | name : Answer as a Man  |  description : An honest man faces personal disgrace and intimate betrayal as his marriage becomes a scandal, as he sees greed prevail over generosity, and as he resists the corruption that has engulfed his town
 id : 248793 ISBN : 0399146733  | name : Live Right 4 Your Type  |  description : From the doctor who brought us the blood-type health craze that has swept the nation, here is new research that shows you how to live according to your blood type so that you can achieve total physical and emotional well-being. Over a million readers have used the individualized blood-type diet solution developed by Dr. Peter J. D'Adamo to achieve their ideal weight. In the five years since the New York Times bestseller Eat Right 4 (for) Your Type was published, new research has indicated that there's a blood-type profile for almost every aspect of our lives, and thanks to that new research, your blood type reveals how you can live a better life. Live Right 4 (for) Your Type is Dr. D'Adamo's ground breaking book that will give you individualized prescriptions according to blood type. According to your blood type, should you: • Eat three regular meals a day, or small, frequent ones? • Have a regimented or flexible routine? • Go to sleep at the same time every night or have a flexible bedtime? • Do without rest periods or take them religiously? • Achieve emotional balance through exercise, meditation, or herbs? Each blood-type prescription is divided into five life areas. Recommendations, guidelines, and informational charts are provided for the following: • Lifestyle • Stress and Emotional Balance • Maximizing Health • Overcoming Disease • Strategies for Aging Live Right 4 (for) Your Type also has information compiled from new research that greatly expands on the information in Eat Right 4 (for) Your Type, featuring: • New metabolism-boosting supplement lists to increase the body's efficiency and ability to achieve ideal weight. • Refined food and supplement lists to increase cardiac efficiency, lower cholesterol, and strengthen your ability to fight colds, flu, and more serious diseases. • Instructions on how to use vegetables and herbs to improve Natural Killer Cell activity. • New information on blood type subgroups that influence not only weight, but also physical and mental health.
 id : 248796 ISBN : 043921999X  | name : Lizard Meets Ivana the Terrible  |  description : When third grader Lizzie Gardener must live temporarily with her grandmother, her greatest fears have to do with making friends in her new school.
 id : 248797 ISBN : 0439235669  | name : Mr. President  |  description : Offers brief profiles of all forty-three United States presidents, and lists important events that occurred during each president's administration.
 id : 248798 ISBN : 0439319528  | name : Racing the Wind  |  description : Jody's family is sailing around the world.
 id : 248799 ISBN : 0439343925  | name : Mare in the Meadow  |  description : Mandy Hope and her friend James agree to exercise Chamomile, a palomino mare, while her owner is away, but life at her parents' busy veterinary clinic keeps them from coming often enough, so they try to enlist the help of Rhian, who says she is no longerinterested in horses.
 id : 248802 ISBN : 0440086418  | name : Tex  |  description : Story of a 15 year old boy growing up in rural Oklahoma.
 id : 248803 ISBN : 044016558X  | name : Night Jasmine  |  description : Dr. C.A. Meier's Jung's Analytical Psychology and Religion is based on the four cutting lectures which he was invited to give at Andover Newton Theological School in Massachusetts in 1959. At that time Jung's analytical psychology was less well known than it is today, and Meier's book was limited to a modest printing. It is a thoughtful, understandable interpretation of basic Jungian theory.
 id : 248805 ISBN : 0440218829  | name : Sideswipe  |  description : Florida homicide detective Hoke Moseley's life suddenly went to bell one morning. His ex-wife had married a big-time pro ballplayer. His two teenage daughters moved in. And his lieutenant had dumped ever? unsolved murder in Miami on him. So Hoke decided to bail out stretch out on Singer Island, give up police work, and watch the ocean roll. But trouble wasn't going to let Hoke get away. Not a stone's throw from his laid-back new life, a slick, handsome psychopath was planning his next armed robbery. The heist would suck a curmudgeon retiree into a life of crime, blast a half-dozen people, off the planet, and leave nary a clue behind. It was a case right up Hoke's alley: weird enough to catch his attention, personal enough to make him mad, and twisted enough to make Hoke forget he didn't want to be a cop...a good guy in a world gone very, very bad.
 id : 248806 ISBN : 0440416884  | name : Harriet Spies Again  |  description : Harriet M. Welsch has just received the best news of her eleventh year—Ole Golly is coming back! Harriet can still remember how sad she was when her beloved nanny married George Waldenstein and moved away. But the circumstances of Ole Golly’s return remain unclear. Where is George Waldenstein? With Mr. and Mrs. Welsch living in France for three months, Sport confiding that he has a crush on a girl at school, and the arrival of a mysterious new neighbor, who’s going to require a whole lot of spying, Harriet already has her hands full. Then she overhears Ole Golly saying she’s innocent—but innocent of what? Harriet the Spy is on the case and ready to help Ole Golly in any way she can. Praise for Harriet the Spy® and Her Friends Harriet the Spy® “Harriet is . . . wholly relatable whether you’re eleven or several times that age.”—EW.com Harriet Spies Again By Louise Fitzhugh and Helen Ericson Winner of the Edgar Award for Best Juvenile Novel “Ericson has perfectly captured the voice and pacing of Fitzhugh’s original novel in a seamless rendering of a fresh, enjoyable story for today’s readers.” —School Library Journal Harriet the Spy, Double Agent By Louise Fitzhugh and Maya Gold “Harriet the Spy is back, and Gold does a credible job of maintaining the special character and her crusty charm.” —Booklist The Long Secret [STAR] “Written with subtlety, compassion, and [Louise Fitzhugh’s] remarkable ability to see inside the minds of children.” —School Library Journal, Starred Sport [STAR] “A worthy successor to Harriet the Spy—and that is high tribute.” —Booklist, Starred
 id : 248808 ISBN : 0440484944  | name : Taking Care of Terrific  |  description : Taking her overprotected young charge to the public park to broaden his horizons, Enid enjoys unexpected friendships with a black saxophonist and a bag lady until she is charged with kidnapping.
 id : 248810 ISBN : 0451153146  | name : An Unacceptable Offer  |  description : Michael Templeton, Viscount Fairfax, had actually proposed to Miss Jane Matthews. She knew what everyone expected, and she was as surprised as anyone when she found herself saying "no" to the bewildered lord. Would she be able to withstand his determined pursuit?
 id : 248811 ISBN : 0451406478  | name : Sweet Rewards  |  description : A bitter rivalry between wealthy, politically prominent David Kimbrough and determined women's rights activist Julia Sydney leads to a passionate romance that threatens both of their positions. Original.
 id : 248812 ISBN : 0452284279  | name : Breakdown  |  description : Gertz, bestselling author and acclaimed defense and national security reporter, uses unparalleled access to America's intelligence systems to examine how the nation's security was compromised by outdated bureaucracies and timid politics.
 id : 248814 ISBN : 0505520923  | name : Traded Secrets  |  description : Pursuing her dream of becoming a doctor after an unhappy love affair, Savannah Stuart visits an antique shop and is transported back in time to a Confederate hospital, where she enters a relationship with Dr. Jacob Cross. Original.
 id : 248815 ISBN : 0515067318  | name : In the Midst of Death  |  description : Nobody ever called Jerry Broadfield a saint, but he was an (almost) honest cop. Then one day he took off his badge and ratted on nearly every crooked cop on the NYPD. He was a hero--until someone set him up. Now Matt Scudder is on the case and has no idea how dirty it will get. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 248818 ISBN : 0517702126  | name : Jefferson and the Gun-men  |  description : "Just three decades after the revolution that gave birth to the United States, another insurgency was already brewing, this time led by a charming - and treacherous - Aaron Burr. The former vice president had determined that if he could not be master of his nation, he would instead become emperor of the Louisiana Territory. Working with the powerful commander of the U.S. Army, General James Wilkinson, Burr instigated a plot to seize not only Louisiana, but all of Mexico. This nefarious plot even included the hapless Zebulon M. Pike." "Jefferson and the Gun-men is the story of this scheme. Montgomery portrays a time when the wildest plots and the most grandiose dreams thrived as schemers, revolutionaries, black-guards, and braggarts conspired to create a new country. In this race to capture the heart of a new frontier, Montgomery finds a young nation just beginning to imagine itself and understand its destiny."--BOOK JACKET.Title Summary field provided by Blackwell North America, Inc. All Rights Reserved
 id : 248819 ISBN : 0520012518  | name : Film  |  description : Collected essays explore the artistic, social, and historical aspects of film production
 id : 248822 ISBN : 0525405852  | name : The Sword and the Circle  |  description : A retelling of the adventures and exploits of King Arthur and his knights at the court of Camelot and elsewhere in the land of the Britons.
 id : 248824 ISBN : 0553054414  | name : People Like Us  |  description : Fifteen-year-old Dinah's insistence on dating a handsome football star causes bitter dissension in her family because the boy is not a Jew like them.
 id : 248826 ISBN : 0553278649  | name : The High Graders  |  description : The story was that Eli Patterson had died in a gunfight, but Mike Shevlin knew it couldn’t be true: the man who’d been like a father to him had been a Quaker. But when Shevlin rides back to Rafter Crossing to uncover the truth, he finds that the quiet ranching community has become a booming mining town. Newfound wealth has not made Rafter a peaceful place, however, and the smell of fear and greed is thick in the air. As Mike Shevlin tries to unravel the mystery of Patterson’s death, he is led deeper and deeper into a conspiracy that controls not only the fate of Rafter Crossing but the heart of a beautiful but tormented young woman—and Shevlin’s own destiny.
 id : 248827 ISBN : 0553568612  | name : The Quest  |  description : After defeating his enemies with a strong sword and fierce spirit, the notorious Rolf of Dragonwyk kidnaps beautiful Lady Annice d'Arby when his beloved son is taken hostage, but he is unprepared for the effect she has on his heart. Original.
 id : 248829 ISBN : 0571197213  | name : Dennis Potter  |  description : Dennis Potter's death in 1994 deprived British television of one of the most controversial figure it has ever known. Potter was a prolific writer of genius, author of Pennies from Heaven and The Singing Detective, but also the butt of the tabloids, who nicknamed him 'Dirty Den' for his 1989 series Blackeyes. For this official biography of Potter Humphrey Carpenter interviewed everyone who came close to him, and had exclusive access to Potter's archives, including the many unmade television and film scripts. Carpenter portrays a very different Potter from the aggressive public image: a deeply shy and reclusive man, who was psychologically as well as physically scarred by the illness which struck him down at the age of 26. Potter was a man with a vast interest in sex but also a terrible loathing of it, thanks to an appalling experience he suffered in childhood. Potter has been a man much gossipped about, both in his lifetime and after his death. Carpenter's remarkable new biography establishes the extraordinary truth behind the rumours, and gives a vivid portrait of the backstage dramas and fights behind Potter's screen triumphs.
 id : 248832 ISBN : 0590075292  | name : The Winter Hero  |  description : Anxious to be a hero, a young boy relates how he becomes involved in Shays' Rebellion begun by farmers in western Massachusetts against unfair taxation levied on them by the Boston government.
 id : 248833 ISBN : 0590420100  | name : The Foundling Fox  |  description : An orphan fox is fed and protected by a reluctant vixen, who finds in the end that she loves him as much as her own three kits.
 id : 248834 ISBN : 0590476424  | name : The World of Theater  |  description : Looks at Greek, Roman, Chinese, Japanese, British, and French theater, and discusses puppets, melodrama, and opera
 id : 248835 ISBN : 0590619624  | name : Icebergs  |  description : A brief look at icebergs, including how they are formed and the animals that live near icebergs.
 id : 248836 ISBN : 067074722X  | name : Vision Quest  |  description : When Terry Davis's Vision Quest first appeared in 1979, John Irving called it "the truest novel about growing up since Catcher in the Rye, " and said, "it's a better novel about wrestling, and wrestlers, than The World According to Garp." Its re-release in trade paperback presents the book to a new generation of readers. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 248837 ISBN : 0670809179  | name : Selected Poems  |  description : From 10 collections of his verse, John Ashbery has made his own choice of 138 poems, including short lyrics, haiku, prose poems, a selection from the 16-line poems of Shadow Train and some of his long poems. Lyrical and discursive, ribald and reflective, these poems are among the most original, inventive and challenging in American verse today. The volume includes his long hypnotic meditations -- "The Skaters," "The System," "A Wave" and "Self-Portrait in a Conves Mirror" and includes selections from the poet's Some Trees, The Tennis Court Oath, and Rivers and Mountains. Ashbery is a recipient of the Pulitzer Prize, the National Book Award, the National Book Critics Circle Award, and the MacArthur Prize Fellowship. ISBN 0-670 -- 80917-9 : $22.95.
 id : 248840 ISBN : 0679420126  | name : The Story of Jane  |  description : An extraordinary history by one of its members, this is the first account of Jane's evolution, the conflicts within the group, and the impact its work had both on the women it helped and the members themselves. This book stands as a compelling testament to a woman's most essential freedom--control over her own body--and to the power of women helping women.
 id : 248842 ISBN : 0679739335  | name : Shuttlecock  |  description : A filing clerk finds evidence of his father's misdoings as a spy during WWII.
 id : 248844 ISBN : 0684184710  | name : Just One Friend  |  description : Just as sixteen-year-old learning-disabled Doreen is about to be mainstreamed into a regular school, the loss of her best friend to another girl drives her to a desperate act.
 id : 248845 ISBN : 068418575X  | name : If Winter Comes  |  description : As an escalating world crisis makes the threat of nuclear warfare imminent, teenage Meredith and her boyfriend Barry draw closer to each other and to other people important to them during what could be the last weekend of their lives.
 id : 248846 ISBN : 0684187817  | name : Letting Go  |  description : Sixteen-year-old Casey feels ambivalent about accompanying her mom to dog shows every weekend--she loves the competition but wants to break away from her possessive mother.
 id : 248847 ISBN : 0688103588  | name : The Baby Cookbook, Revised Edition  |  description : A revised guide for the nineties includes new information on vitamins, allergies, obesity, nursing, introducing solids, balancing meals, and more than two hundred healthy recipes, many of which can be shared by the whole family. Simultaneous.
 id : 248849 ISBN : 0698113993  | name : Berlioz the Bear  |  description : Berlioz the bear and his fellow musicians are due to play for the town ball when the mule pulling their bandwagon refuses to move.
 id : 248850 ISBN : 0739436058  | name : Don't Tell  |  description : Mary Grace Winters takes on a new identity to get away from an abusive husband, until he finds her and threatens her and the people she loves.
 id : 248852 ISBN : 0744552850  | name : The Battle of Baked Bean Alley  |  description : Hot on the heels of the first Book of Useless Information, the Official Useless Information Society brings you another compendium of everything you never needed to know. Were you aware, for example, that dynamite contains monkey nuts as an ingredient? Or what percentage of the world's population is drunk at any one time? The vital statistics of a groundhog? Or the odds of being killed by a tornado? If the irredeemably pointless interests you, then this book is for you.
 id : 248854 ISBN : 0760704023  | name : Robinson Crusoe  |  description : During one of his several adventurous voyages in the 1600s, an Englishman becomes the sole survivor of a shipwreck and lives for nearly thirty years on a deserted island. Illustrated notes throughout the text explain the historical background of the story.
 id : 248856 ISBN : 0767906683  | name : Magic Words  |  description : A comprehensive collection of powerful phrases to help you face a variety of life’s challenges. Travelers to foreign countries often carry handy phrase books to help them navigate uncharted territory. Now there’s a guide for getting through tough times in plain English–an essential selection of well-honed phrases to help you soothe and smooth your way through any prickly situation. Divided into three sections–Magic Words to say to yourself, to others, and for universal situations–this invaluable guide contains the verbal keys to the kingdom. Protect yourself in the midst of a tongue-lashing (“Are you actually yelling at me?”); politely remind an obnoxious cell-phone abuser to be courteous (“Don’t forget, you’re not in a phone booth”); or chant this mantra when things seem to be slipping over the edge (“If you want to gain control, you have to give up control”). Life is full of little, and big, stumbling blocks. Whether you’re dealing with an over-inflated ego, meddling in-laws, or even creating the problems yourself, this sharp little handbook has all the Magic Words you need to get through the toughest of times.
 id : 248857 ISBN : 0770108989  | name : The Will  |  description : When Leigh Castle returns to her childhood home, it is not a happy occasion. Her mother has died, leaving a questionable will--and more than enough reason to kindle the old rivalry between Leigh and her three sisters and unleash murder. Only handsome Braden Lancaster, her late mother's young attorney, can help Leigh solve the mystery of The Will.
 id : 248859 ISBN : 0028625773  | name : Frommer's Califorinia From $60 A Day  |  description : "Clearly the work of knowledgeable locals." —San Francisco Chronicle-Examiner "Written by travel veterans with a nose for comfort…. Accuracy: high." —Details magazine Everything You Need for an Unforgettable—and Affordable—Trip! Inviting places to stay, from cozy Napa Valley B&Bs to family-friendly motels at the beach—for as little as $25 per person a night! Great dining at unbelievably low prices, from cafes serving up cutting-edge California cuisine for $12 to authentic Chinese and Mexican specialties for less than $4 A complete budget sightseeing guide, from Gold Country towns to the San Diego Zoo—plus spectacular coastal drives, cable car rides, wine tastings, Hollywood TV tapings, and more All the details on California's fabulous beaches, natural wonders, and national parks—plus the best budget golf, skiing, and whale watching Detailed, accurate two-color maps Frommer Frommer's. The Name You Can Trust. Find us online at www.frommers.com
 id : 248861 ISBN : 0785268227  | name : Valley of the Shadow  |  description : Eighteen-year-old Genevieve LaCroix receives important life lessons when she travesl to the Renville Mission, which lies at the center of tensions between settlers and Sioux Indians. Original.
 id : 248862 ISBN : 0786002484  | name : Darcy's Kiss  |  description : Poet, women's rights activist, and national spy Gabrielle Foote falls in love at first sight with British officer Major Darcy Rhoads during a fateful carriage ride that tests their loyalties and future goals. Original.
 id : 248863 ISBN : 0786002824  | name : Chance of a Lifetime  |  description : Boutique owner Stacy Reardon finds herself falling in love with Chance Johnson, a kindly ghost stranded between the world of life and death, whom the local children adore, especially since she is the only adult who can see him. Original.
 id : 248864 ISBN : 0786706309  | name : A Matter of Possession  |  description : No woman as voluptuously stunning as Barbara Hilson should have trouble finding a man, at least not under normal circumstances. But does an extensive collection of bondage equipment and a sexual imagination that soars beyond the dreams of most men, not to mention an insatiable appetite for debauchery, constitute normality? Maybe not, but it does make for a hot, provocative read.
 id : 248865 ISBN : 0786861002  | name : Flight of Passage  |  description : The author recounts how he and his brother, then teenagers, piloted a plane across the U.S., and how the landmark flight drew them closer to each other and to their father, a stunt flyer.
 id : 248866 ISBN : 0786926961  | name : Chainer's Torment  |  description : In the pit-fighting arenas, a Cabal dementia caster unleashes an array of horrific monsters when the dark nightmares of his mind suddenly come to life. Original.
 id : 248867 ISBN : 0789434814  | name : Star Wars  |  description : Annotated photographs and movie stills describe every important feature of the characters, creatures, costumes, droids, weapons, and equipment in the Star Wars trilogy
 id : 248869 ISBN : 0801012058  | name : Wild by Nature  |  description : A book of high adventure, showing the real-world application of God's Word and the majesty of his creation.
 id : 248870 ISBN : 0801844088  | name : Hollyhocks, Lambs, and Other Passions  |  description : This is the story of an old country house and how it grew young again, and of the family that has grown with it during the last thirty years. Built in 1843 in the Worthington Valley of Maryland, Thornhill Farm was a sorry derelict when Dee Hardie and her husband first saw it. Today it is sometimes featured in Dee's monthly column for House Beautiful. Its presence and character have molded the Hardies, even as they have molded Thornhill into something far more than a house surrounded by land. "Hollyhocks, Lambs and Other Passions" shows how a house can embrace a family's joy and provide shelter in sorrow. It tells of the ups and downs of raising four children and forty sheep, of the importance of celebrating everything from christenings to Christmas, of stenciling pineapples on the dining room floor and keeping a piano in the kitchen, of digging a rose garden and painting hollyhocks on the barn wall, of Tom Hardie's Sunday cooking, and tea parties for small grandchildren. Dee's determination to keep-- and make-- traditions runs throughout the book. Dee Hardie herself is the heart of Thornhill Farm. The absolute passion she brings to everything she does, the grace and care with which she lives her life, her infectious delight in the world around her, have made her accounts of Thornhill memorable. With her commitment to living life deliberately, she slows us down, for a time, in a world that moves at breakneck speed.
 id : 248871 ISBN : 0802130771  | name : A Personal Anthology  |  description : After almost a half a century of scrupulous devotion to his art, Jorge Luis Borges personally compiled this anthology of his work--short stories, essays, poems, and brief mordant "sketches," which, in Borges's hands, take on the dimensions of a genre unique in modern letters. In this anthology, the author has put together those pieces on which he would like his reputation to rest; they are not arranged chronologically, but with an eye to their "sympathies and differences." A Personal Anthology, therefore, is not merely a collection, but a new composition.
 id : 248872 ISBN : 0807554308  | name : The Mystery of the Secret Message  |  description : A photograph of the statue of a Revolutionary War hero contains a secret message.
 id : 248874 ISBN : 0812028570  | name : The New Dog Handbook  |  description : Includes information about purchase, care, nutrition, and diseases, plus a description of 60 different breeds.
 id : 248875 ISBN : 0812065891  | name : Dinosaurs  |  description : Describes dinosaurs from the Triassic, Jurassic, and Cretaceous periods.
 id : 248876 ISBN : 0812503406  | name : Psycho-Paths  |  description : An anthology of seventeen frightening tales features works by such horror masters as David Morrell, Charles L. Grant, Gahan Wilson, and Susan Shwartz.
 id : 248877 ISBN : 0812579232  | name : George Washington, Frontiersman  |  description : Tells the story from Washington's birth to the time he takes command of the Continental Army.
 id : 248878 ISBN : 0816038694  | name : New Yawk Tawk  |  description : Introduces readers to the vernacular of New York City
 id : 248879 ISBN : 0816150907  | name : G Is for Gumshoe  |  description : As Kinsey Millhone pieces together clues from an elderly woman's past, a villian tries to kill her, and she is forced to enlist the aid of bodyguard Robert Dietz
 id : 248880 ISBN : 0821729330  | name : Autumn Angel  |  description : French Canadian folk healer Angeline DuBay despises the British colonists who have come to conquer her land, but when she comes upon Richard Benton, a severely wounded enemy officer, she can not bring herself to let him die, and he seeks to express his gratitude in an intimate fashion
 id : 248882 ISBN : 0829703713  | name : El Jesús Que Nunca Conocí  |  description : Yancey ofrece una perspectiva diferente de la vida y obra de Cristo--su enseñanza, sus milagros, su muerte y su resurrección--quién fue y por qué vino. Nos ofrece una descripción conmovedora del personaje principal de la historia. Este libro pone al descubierto a un Jesucristo brillante, creador, desafiante, audaz, compasivo, y convincente.
 id : 248884 ISBN : 0862418194  | name : Love  |  description : This story is about a little girl. She has no parents and is sent to live in an orphanage. Lonely and a bit unusual, she stares at people with her big eyes. She often does things that aren't nice, and people aren't nice to her. Until one day...
 id : 248885 ISBN : 0872203166  | name : The Prince  |  description : Written in 1513 for the Medici, following their return to power in Florence, The Prince is a handbook on ruling and the exercise of power. It remains as relevant today as it was in the sixteenth century. Widely quoted in the Press and in academic publications, The Prince has direct relevance to the issues of business and corporate governance confronting global corporations as they enter a new millennium. Translated by David Wootton
 id : 248887 ISBN : 0877014485  | name : Pizza  |  description : Gathers traditional and modern recipes for pizza, explains how to make pizza dough, and recommends useful equipment.
 id : 248889 ISBN : 0880707208  | name : Joy from Ashes  |  description : Fighting for the Confederacy, Major Dalton learns that enemy soldiers have hurt his beloved wife and caused the death of their unborn son. Will he obtain revenge, or learn that vengeance truly belongs to the Lord?
 id : 248890 ISBN : 0886872952  | name : The Little Red, White, and Blue Book  |  description : Gathers important documents, speeches, and proclamations from American history
 id : 248891 ISBN : 088902913X  | name : Restoring Canadian Homes  |  description : It was not an unusual play, at least for me. I was just blocking the plate, trying to save a run in a scoreless tie. Nothing heroic. Nothing foolish. Just trying, as I had since joining the Jays in 1981, to remind a runner that in any game against Toronto, home plate belonged to Buck Martinez, and no one else. It’s a play that gets me hit on more occasions than I have time to count. I’ve been run over, knocked down, and even (several times) knocked out; but I’ve always escaped unscathed, unhurt, determined more than ever to protect that very private piece of turf I call my own. That’s just the way I feel about home plate. My teammates know this. The players with the other clubs know it. I’d even guess that most baseball fans who have ever seen me play know it too. It’s not just home plate, it’s "my "home plate. The only trouble on that fateful night in Seattle’s Kingdome, was that somebody had apparently forgotten to tell Phil Bradley. From spring training to season end, Martinez writes about the players, the coaches, the key games and the emotion of the team winning its first championship. Buck’s story is sprinkled with first hand commentaries: the Bell-Kison incident, both crucial series against the Yankees, the best game the Jays ever played and post season games down to the final out.
 id : 248892 ISBN : 0892743085  | name : Angels  |  description : God designed angels to respond to God's Word. Words of doubt and unbelief bind them from action. They are listening to your words. Put them to work by speaking the Word to better enable you do God's will.
 id : 248895 ISBN : 0899193765  | name : The Thirsty Muse  |  description : Faulkner. Fitzgerald. Hemingway. O'Neill. All great American writers; all alcoholics. And as Tom Dardis convincingly tells, the work of each suffered grievously from the disease. 8 photos.
 id : 248897 ISBN : 0919654746  | name : Ralph Edwards of Lonesome Lake  |  description : Biographical account of pioneer life in the Bella Coola region of British Columbia, near Lonesome Lake in the 1930s and 1940s, including trapping and fishing.
 id : 248898 ISBN : 0929005104  | name : Menopause  |  description : With diagrams, photographs and commentary by women who have gone through menopause, this thorough book continues to address the concerns that affect the health and well-being of mid-life women every day.
 id : 248899 ISBN : 0933029411  | name : In the Ever After  |  description : This book assembles "for the first time" fairy tales in which elders are protagonists. The stories are delightful in them selves, but interpreted under Chinen's skillful hand, they offer a psychology of maturity where wit and wisdom replace the audacity and strength of youth.
 id : 248902 ISBN : 0935166025  | name : How to Learn a Foreign Language  |  description : Explains why learning a foreign language can be useful, and covers pronunciation, vocabulary, grammar, and language study techniques.
 id : 248903 ISBN : 0936756616  | name : Walking Through Clear Water in a Pool Painted Black  |  description : Cookie trips through her forty-year odyssey on this planet--from LSD to shopping at the A&P, from birthing Max to shooting Pink Flamingos Cookie trips through her forty-year odyssey on this planet--from LSD to shopping at the A&P, from birthing Max to shooting Pink Flamingos. The echoes of her passionate commitments will ring in your ears. It is a tragedy to have lost her. Fortunately, along with the memories, she left us this marvellous testament to her intrepid zest for living.
 id : 248906 ISBN : 0961908823  | name : Women who Charmed the West  |  description : Legendary actress of the past are brought front and center in this lively, entertaining book ... From the Victorian era of the 1800's through the turn-of-the-century.
 id : 248913 ISBN : 1550224069  | name : Tom Green  |  description : "Tom Green" tells the story of the "Master of Mayhem's" life from his early beginnings as the host of a late-night radio show to his current incarnation as MTV's renegade prankster. As Hawkins reveals, nothing or no one is above being sucked into the underbelly of Green's hilarious world. 36 photos, 20 in color.
 id : 248915 ISBN : 1555211577  | name : Civil War Days  |  description : Recounts how civilians lived, worked, and played during the Civil War and looks at how they supported the war effort
 id : 248918 ISBN : 1555840043  | name : The Part of Fortune  |  description : The women of an old age home in the South tell the stories of their men, children, hopes, disappointments, jobs, lovers, and betrayals to Clara, a middle-aged woman who works as a storyteller
 id : 248919 ISBN : 1556614616  | name : These Golden Days  |  description : Book 2 in The Innocent Years. Catherine and Lane Temple have held their marriage together, but will they be able to handle their daughter Jessie's fight for independence and her newfound life in Hollywood?
 id : 248922 ISBN : 1558820779  | name : People Vs. Withers & Malone  |  description : Schoolteacher Hildegarde Withers and lawyer John J. Malone collaborate in solving a series of cases
 id : 248924 ISBN : 1560246979  | name : Social Work in Ambulatory Care  |  description : The contributing authorsrespected authorities on health care and social workdescribe the shift in hospital based health care to ambulatory care and the role of social work in this new environment. Social Work in Ambulatory Care assists readers who need to develop, plan, and implement new social work roles for a changing health care system. Chapters focus on the implication of health care reform and provide specific examples of creative roles for social work.
 id : 248925 ISBN : 1560766026  | name : Naked Came the Sasquatch  |  description : Humor and horror combine in this monster mystery tale. Michael Fenberg, editor of a small newspaper in the Sierra Nevadas, is out to solve a series of grisly murders. He knows that a monster is committing them. The problem: which monster? Chapter heading illustrations.
 id : 248926 ISBN : 1563898802  | name : Tom Strong  |  description : Sent off to be raised by a robot nanny on the isolated island of Attabar Teru by his father, who is determined to create the perfect son, and later adopted by the Attabar Teru tribe, Tom Strong becomes a super hero in Millennium City. Tom also battles with the Nazi super-woman Ingrid Weiss and her pre-human monster called the Pangean.
 id : 248927 ISBN : 1565481542  | name : The Confessions  |  description : Although Augustine's "Confessions" has been translated many times, it is not exaggeration to say that Sister Maria Boulding's translation is "of a different level of excellence from practically anything else on the market" (Rowan Williams, Bishop of Monmonth).
 id : 248928 ISBN : 1569551316  | name : The Cleavers Don't Live Here Anymore  |  description : The author of "An Affair of the Mind" now uses abundant humor to ease the reader through this book's painful subject matter, presenting diagnoses and cures for a multitude of family problems.
 id : 248930 ISBN : 1575213966  | name : Sams Teach Yourself XML in 21 Days  |  description : Discover the real-world applications of XML with this informative tutorial. Learn to write Web page markup tags without the complexity of SGML. Readers will develop real-world applications of XML, including Channel Definition Format (CDF), electronic commerce, and the Mathematical Markup Language.
 id : 248934 ISBN : 1584853417  | name : Mystery on Skull Island  |  description : It's 1724 in South Carolina and 12-year-old Rachel Howell is forbidden to seeher friend Sally. When the girls sneak off to meet they find a human skull, asecret cave, mysterious drawings--and pirates.
 id : 248935 ISBN : 1880909332  | name : That's All Right, Mama  |  description : A novel about Elvis told by Jesse Aaron Presley, his twin, who, though presumed dead at birth, often filled in for the King.
 id : 248936 ISBN : 1883011469  | name : Crime Novels: American Noir of the 1930s & 40s (LOA #94)  |  description : Presents six early classics of American noir fiction: James M. Cain's The Postman Always Rings Twice, Edward Anderson's Thieves Like Us, Kenneth Fearing's The Big Clock, William Lindsay Gresham's Nightmare Alley, Cornell Woolrich's I Married a Dead Man, and Horace McCoy's They Shoot Horses, Don't They'. A companion volume collects works of the 1950s. Annotation copyrighted by Book News, Inc., Portland, OR
 id : 248937 ISBN : 1885171188  | name : Creative Caring  |  description : "Creative Caring" is an excellent first step toward learning how to support the important people in our lives. Each section begins with a story followed by ideas for caring for someone in a problem situation--from a debilitating disease or a cross-country move to teenage parenting or domestic violence. Together the stories and suggestions create a collage of caring and help readers forge a personal style of showing how they care.
 id : 248938 ISBN : 1894413040  | name : Canadian Small Business Kit for Dummies  |  description : An enterprising guide to becoming your own boss. Start and run a winning business in Canada! Hey entrepreneurs! Got a great idea and need some straightforward advice on how to turn your dream into a reality? Let two experts show you how to turn your ideas into gold. Covering every aspect of starting, building, staffing, and running your own show, this book paves the way to small business success! All this on the bonus CD-ROM Valuable software and planning materials, including: AOL® Canada Version 7.0, Business Plan Pro, Marketing Plan Pro, and trial versions of MYOB StartUp Accounting, MYOB Accounting, MYOB Accounting Plus ad MYOB AccountEdge Get Smart! www.dummies.com Sign up for daily eTips at www.dummiesdaily.com Choose from among 33 different subject categories. Get news you can use on everything from money to health to computers.
 id : 248939 ISBN : 1899171835  | name : Ten Spiritual Lessons I Learned at the Mall  |  description : This humorous and insightful journey through a place where few would ever go to attain enlightenment shows that we can find ourselves anywhere, even in a place where we would rather not be.
 id : 248944 ISBN : 2290304557  | name : Un peu plus loin sur la droite  |  description : En planque sous les fenêtres de l'appartement du neveu d'un député, place de la Contrescarpe, Kehlweiler avise soudain une drôle de chose sur la grille d'un arbre. Un petit déchet blanchâtre, au milieu d'excréments canins. Pas de doute, c'est un os. Et même un os humain... Naturellement, lorsque Kehlweiler apporte sa trouvaille au commissariat du 5e arrondissement, les flics lui rient au nez. Mais ce petit bout d'os l'obsède tellement qu'il abandonne ses filatures parisiennes et suit une piste jusqu'à Port-Nicolas, un village perdu au bout de la Bretagne. Là vit un pit-bull. Une sale bête, qui avalerait n'importe quoi. Y compris un bout de cadavre. Reste à trouver le cadavre. Et l'assassin...
 id : 248945 ISBN : 2290328480  | name : Le journal d'un fou  |  description : Dans ses nouvelles pétersbourgeoises, Gogol, mû par un sentiment de révolte contre l’iniquité, dénonce le système de l’administration tsariste.
 id : 248946 ISBN : 2841861015  | name : Menace sur Internet  |  description : Ce livre constitue une véritable encyclopédie du terrorisme actuel, décrivant de façon détaillée les différentes sites Web de haine raciste et de fanatisme religieux (extrême droite, néonazis, négationnistes, islamistes radicaux, Ku Klux Klan), ainsi que les diverses formes du cyberterrorisme (virus, vers, chevaux de Troie, bombes logiques).
 id : 248947 ISBN : 3251301187  | name : Katzenjammer  |  description : Die Idylle an der Cote d'Azur zerbricht schnell, als sich Harry vom brummigen Reisegenossen zum gefährlichen, stets betrunkenen Kriminellen entwickelt. Doch die beiden alten Ladies Agnes und Antoinette lassen sich ihre Träume nicht vemiesen.
 id : 248949 ISBN : 3407784414  | name : Felix und das liebe Geld  |  description : Felix möchte reich werden, da sich seine Eltern immer nur um Geld streiten. Zusammen mit seinen Freunden gründet er eine Firma und steigt auch an der Börse ein. Aber dann bekommen sie Ärger mit einem windigen Anlageberater.
 id : 248958 ISBN : 3548363466  | name : Osama bin Laden und der internationale Terrorismus  |  description : Die beiden renommierten Islamforscher und Antiterror-Experten zeichnen ein fundiertes Porträt Osama bin Ladens. Sie analysieren die religiösen, psychologischen und geopolitischen Hintergründe des islamistischen Terrorismus.
 id : 248963 ISBN : 3825215040  | name : Volkswirtschaftslehre  |  description : Urteile zu diesem Buch: "Hervorragend! Selten wird in akademischer Literatur mit so viel Praxisnähe und Esprit versucht, komplexeste Inhalte zu vermitteln. Der Autor versteht es, etwas zu verstehen zu geben. Selten war Volkswirtschaftslehre so bündig und plastisch." "Altmann hat eine Begabung, die nicht viele ihr eigen nennen können: Er kann Fachbücher schreiben, die man gerne bis zum Ende liest." "Mit diesem Lehrbuch ist dem Autor ein beachtlicher Wurf gelungen. Er führt den Leser bis hin zu vergleichsweise komplexen wirtschaftswissenschaftlichen Zusammenhängen, ohne fachspezifische Kenntnisse vorauszusetzen. Obgleich damit das gesamte begriffliche Instrumentarium im Text erläutert werden muss, liest sich dieses Buch bemerkenswert leicht. Geschickt werden immer wieder aktuelle Bezüge hergestellt, sorgsam geht der Verfasser mit unabdingbaren formalen Ableitungen um. Alle zentralen Gebiete der VWL werden didaktisch überzeugend aufbereitet."
 id : 248967 ISBN : 843761449X  | name : Jane Eyre  |  description : Una muchacha pobre, despreciada y perseguida por los que la rodean, triunfa al casarse con un marido rico y poderoso. Sin embargo, algo mucho más profundo subyace bajo esa bonita historia, que en su época escandalizó a los críticos victorianos: su rechazo anticristiano de aceptar las formas, costumbres y convenciones de la sociedad, es decir, su feminismo rebelde.
 id : 248971 ISBN : 8807820625  | name : I dolori del giovane Werther  |  description : La trama è semplice eppure di un agghiacciante realismo: Werther è innamorato di Lotte, di cui sa fin dall&'inizio che non è libera, perchè legata ad Albert. &"Stia attento a non innamorarsene&", sarà il consiglio di una cugina a Werther. Ma la tragedia è già innescata. Considerato il primo grande testo del Romanticismo, il Werther supera le barriere storiografiche per divenire il libro di una generazione, di tutte le generazioni, intramontabile.
 id : 248972 ISBN : 8845908143  | name : Le nozze di Cadmo e Armonia  |  description : Broget og mangfoldig skildring af den klassiske græske gudeverden og gudernes stedvis såre menneskelige adfærd
 id : 248973 ISBN : 9010017117  | name : De groene weduwe en andere grijze verhalen  |  description : Bundel verhalen, waarin het probleem van de vrouwenemancipatie centraal staat.
 id : 248975 ISBN : 0226500446  | name : The Prince  |  description : Mansfield's translation of this classic work, in combination with the new material added for this edition, makes it the definitive version of The Prince, indispensable to scholars, students, and lovers of the dark art of politics.
 id : 248976 ISBN : 038076394X  | name : Fire Lily  |  description : Hired to locate Lily's missing cousin, Griffon Goforth--a dark, enigmatic clairvoyant--cannot convince the young woman that he is anything other than a charlatan, but he is able to show her the power of their mutual passion
 id : 248977 ISBN : 0380897849  | name : Wild Rose  |  description : On her own after her father's death, Miranda Austen, a Briton, falls in love with Lucas Adams, the guide who had led her and her father to the California gold rush
 id : 248979 ISBN : 0671519093  | name : Miss Ellie's Purple Sage Saloon  |  description : Miss Ellie Wells forced Seth Watkins out of the second story of her Purple Sage Saloon. Never mind that he had just given it to her for her birthday. When Seth returns with his new bride, Marta Mae, Ellie marches right over to present the newlyweds with a bottle of French champagne and her best wishes. But Marta Mae recognizes a threat when she sees one.
 id : 248980 ISBN : 0671624725  | name : The Mystery of the Winged Lion  |  description : During a visit to Venice Nancy"s boyfriend is thrown in jail for an art theft he didn't do and must depend on Nancy to clear his name.
 id : 248981 ISBN : 0786884355  | name : The Grammar Lady  |  description : Mary Newton Bruder, better known to her fans as the Grammar Lady, is one of the nation's leading authorities on grammar and she is determined to make America care about grammar again! Now available in paperback, The Grammar Lady is organized according to the most common situations readers encounter, from the office to the classroom. Within each section, there are descriptions of common scenarios, examples of mistakes, clever ways to avoid future grammar errors, as well as sidebars containing the wackiest, most unusual questions and answers from Mary's newspaper column. The Grammar Lady does for writing what Miss Manners did for etiquette and Mrs. Greenthumbs did for gardening: she makes it simple, relevant, and fun. Find the misspelled words in the list below and correct them: 1. seperate 2. embarrass 3. pronounciation 4. accommodate 5. occurrence 6. concience
 id : 248982 ISBN : 0811832945  | name : The Merchant of Marvels  |  description : Frederick the peddler of dreams searches for the perfect gift for his friend Alice, the merchant of marvels, and finally finds the best thing that he could ever give her.
 id : 248984 ISBN : 1557487693  | name : Flower of the West  |  description : This is an adventure story as well as a romance and coming of age novel. Daisy travels west and meets up with a gentleman who risks his life to save hers during an incident on a train, even though she is a stranger to him. She later finds out exactly who this rescuer is.
 id : 248985 ISBN : 1565794494  | name : 100 Best Denver Area & Front Range Day Hikes  |  description : Many of Colorado's finest hikes await within an hour's drive of the state's largest metropolis. The perfect packable guide for trekkers of all levels, this book brings together a diverse collection of the region's best hikes, from easy, mile-long jaunts to challenging Fourteener ascents. As a bonus, this book also reveals 16 routes never published before. Full-color photographs and maps beautifully illustrate this expertly written book, the most comprehensive guide to Denver-area hiking to date.
 id : 248989 ISBN : 0441785816  | name : Steely Blue  |  description : Two best friends, Steely Burns and Jack Haggerty, grow up to find their respective lives as firemen very different
 id : 248990 ISBN : 0849937159  | name : Seal of Gaia  |  description : Journalist Steve Weston must decide if he will keep silent or risk his life by denouncing the evil New Earth Federation.
 id : 248992 ISBN : 0750929650  | name : Vlad the Impaler  |  description : Layers of myth and history are peeled back to reveal the real Vlad the Impaler.
 id : 248994 ISBN : 0312013523  | name : Linda Goodman's Star Signs  |  description : Discusses a wide variety of matters relating to spiritual and physical well-being, including the Karmic Wheel, reincarnation, holistic health, spiritual advisors, channelers, crystals, and the third eye
 id : 248997 ISBN : 1568581408  | name : The Universe, the Eleventh Dimension, and Everything  |  description : Discusses the impact of recent developments in science on our understanding of matter, the four forces of nature, the evolution of the universe, and the origins of life
 id : 248998 ISBN : 2020294540  | name : La peau du tambour  |  description : Un pirate dans le système informatique du Vatican. Une église qui tue pour se défendre. Une belle aristocrate andalouse. Trois malfrats chargés d'espionner un agent secret en col romain. Un banquier épris de spéculation immobilière et un mystérieux corsaire espagnol disparu en 1898 au large des côtes cubaines. Tels sont les personnages de ce roman d'amour et d'aventure qui a pour décor la somptueuse Séville et son histoire millénaire. L'héroïne en est Notre-Dame-des-Larmes, une petite église qui suscite passions et convoitises et pour laquelle une poignée de fidèles est prête à aller jusqu'au meurtre. C'est du moins ce que croit Lorenzo Quart, chargé par le Vatican d'enquêter sur les crimes commis dans son enceinte. Il découvrira bientôt que la clé de l'énigme est enfouie sous les vieilles pierres de la ville, dans l'âme de chacun de ses habitants comme dans celle de chaque lecteur disposé à la suivre dans sa quête de la vérité. Après Le Tableau du Maître flamand, Club Dumas et Le Maître d'escrime, l'imagination flamboyante d'Arturo Pérez-Reverte, son habileté à tisser des énigmes où l'histoire croise le mystère et le crime nous offrent un fascinant voyage en défense d'une cause que nul ne veut croire perdue.
 id : 249000 ISBN : 8420481882  | name : Jardín de Villa Valeria  |  description : El narrador cuenta en primera persona una historia de 20 años, desde su llegada a Madrid a principios de los sesenta hasta la subida de los socialistas al poder en 1982. Es la crónica de una fascinación, la juventud perdida, los cambios sociales, los nuevos amores, la frustración perdida... en definitiva, la melancolía del paso del tiempo en torno a una mansión derruida.
 id : 249003 ISBN : 8473397010  | name : Gora, una juventud en la India  |  description : "After five years, lawyer Hugh Gwynne's most difficult case has finally come to court. His client Tom Deacon is claiming damages for post-traumatic stress after a car accident in which he witnessed the death of his young daughter by fire. The case is going well; it seems certain Tom will win the compensation that will enable him to pick up the pieces of his shattered life. Then Hugh receives an anonymous letter that throws him into an impossible dilemma. To stay on the case is unethical, to withdraw will threaten its success, and Tom Deacon, revealing himself in an entirely new light, makes it clear that such treachery will not be forgiven." "For Hugh the dilemma is intensified by the contrast between their lives: Tom, tormented by flashbacks, jobless, with a broken marriage and two children he hardly sees; Hugh, with what he regards as a blessed existence, a rewarding life as a jobbing solicitor and an intensely happy marriage to Lizzie, with whom he has two adopted children, Lou away on her gap year, and fragile, sensitive Charlie, who seems to have overcome his personal demons." "Then one night Hugh's life changes for ever. His happiness is snatched away, and he, like Tom, must face a lifetime of troubling memories."--BOOK JACKET.
 id : 249008 ISBN : 8434877821  | name : Yo soy mayor que mi padre  |  description : Luego que su padre es asesinado por un sicario, la vida da un dramático vuelco para Carlos -el protagonista de esta apasionante novela- y también para su familia. Ahora sabían que debían correr por su vida. No obstante, la decisión de escapar no era fácil. Era imposible saber qué destino les esperaba y si alguna vez podrían llegarían a tener la certeza de que ya no corrían peligro. Este intenso relato no sólo pone de manifiesto de manera magistral toda la angustia y el profundo drama que representa el exilio, sino que también muestra cómo esta familia es capaz de reconstruir su vida y su identidad a partir del desarraigo y la adversidad. Aunque el relato remite a las tensas circunstancias que caracterizan hoy la vida en países como Colombia, esta historia refleja muy bien los traumas de la historia reciente de toda Latinoamérica.
 id : 249009 ISBN : 0671029673  | name : The Grim Reaper  |  description : May 1195, and Sir John de Wolfe is faced with a strange series of serial murders, which begins with the suffocation of a Jewish money-lender and proceeds through that of a London harlot, a dissolute priest and a burgess suspected of abusing young boys. The common factor is that an appropriate Biblical text is left at each murder scene, the mode of which reflects the alleged sin of the victim. This means that a literate and Bible-learned killer is involved - which, in an age where only 1% of the population can read or write - can only be a priest. There are at least twenty-five parish churches in Exeter, so the killer could be any one of more than a hundred clerics. Crowner John sets about to discover the identity of the homicidal priest.
 id : 249013 ISBN : 0373038054  | name : The Best Man's Baby  |  description : The Best Man's Baby by Darcy Maguire released on Jun 24, 2004 is available now for purchase.
 id : 249014 ISBN : 840149284X  | name : Como si fuera Dios  |  description : When the terminally ill patients of a young couple, both doctors, begin to die off prematurely the wife becomes suspicious of her husband's involvement. Translation of the author's novel "Godplayer."
 id : 249019 ISBN : 8467000597  | name : Juez y parte  |  description : Kriminalroman. En stakkels prostitueret bliver myrdet, og alt peger på Daniel Ruis Gui, der allerede er kendt af politiet
 id : 249023 ISBN : 0374324581  | name : A Friend for Boots  |  description : Boots the cat is sad because he can't find a friend, then someone special finds him.
 id : 249024 ISBN : 0385181981  | name : Peter Spier's Little Rabbits  |  description : Five little rabbits explore their surroundings and find tasty things to eat. On heavy board pages.
 id : 249025 ISBN : 055334451X  | name : Understanding Your Body  |  description : Covers health care, the reproductive system, self-exams, menstruation, pregnancy, birth control, fertility, abortion, sterilization, infections, premenstrual syndrome, menopause, rape, sexual problems, and surgery
 id : 249026 ISBN : 0670848018  | name : Slither, Swoop, Swing  |  description : Depicts the different ways in which snakes, bats, monkeys and other kinds of animals move.
 id : 249027 ISBN : 0786915706  | name : Prophecy  |  description : With the help of the planeswalker, Teferi, the Jamuraan League of City-States struggles to put together a desperate defense against the invasion of the Keldons, who landed in the north. Original.
 id : 249028 ISBN : 0786918802  | name : Apocalypse  |  description : Continuing the story from the most recent release in the "Magic: The Gathering" trading card and game storyline, Urza Planeswalker has spent 3,000 years preparing for the finale to the bloody Phyrexian invasion. With time running out, the battered hero's last hope is the ancient, untested weapon known as the Legacy.
 id : 249029 ISBN : 0786919000  | name : Odyssey  |  description : Champions from each of the five schools of magic compete for the ultimate prize, the "Mirror of Desires," a mysterious artifact that holds the key to preserving the tenuous balance of power between the five schools. Original.
 id : 249032 ISBN : 0670842281  | name : Paradise News  |  description : Paradise, tourist style. It's a very long way from home. Bernard Walsh is in Hawaii on family business, escorting his querulous father to the bedside of a long-forgotten aunt. His mission transports him from quiet obscurity in Rummridge, England, to a lush tropical playground, from cloistered solitude into the unfamiliar company of package tourists: honeymooners; young women looking for Mr. Nice; families nuclear and fissile. But it is the island itself that holds the most astonishing surprises, as an accidental encounter opens up to Bernard possibilities of life, and love, never dreamed of in his normally overcast habitat. Paradise News is an enchanting--and very funny--portrait of the late flowering of an honest man.
 id : 249033 ISBN : 0802135595  | name : The Keepsake  |  description : A young woman returns again and again in dreams and her imagination to the stories that her mother told her about a father who loved her but whom she did not know until she starts to relive her mother's abandonment
 id : 249035 ISBN : 843501648X  | name : El oro del Poseidón  |  description : Si Marco Didio Falco ya tenía problemas para ser aceptado por la familia de su novia, lo único que le faltaba para acabar de hundirlo en la miseria era convertirse en el principal sospechoso del asesinato de un ex legionario. Pero aún puede ser peor: su amada Helena Justina es arrestada por presunta complicidad. El oro de Poseidón no defraudará a los lectores más exigentes, es quizá la novela histórica más divertida jamás escrita. 3a impresión de esta novela
 id : 249039 ISBN : 0316614432  | name : Blow Out the Moon  |  description : A fictionalised account of the author's childhood experiences moving from the United States to London, England, and attending a boarding school.
 id : 249040 ISBN : 0786001445  | name : Yosemite  |  description : Filled with the men and women who made history, the epic story of a timeless place of vast, unspoiled beauty reveals Yosemite's rich resources and visionaries like John Muir and Theodore Roosevelt who preserved it for generations of Americans. Original.
 id : 249041 ISBN : 044991156X  | name : According to Hoyle  |  description : "A must for anyone who wants to play a game and play it correctly." Charles H. Goren Whether you play card games, dice games, parlor games, word games, chess, checker, backgammon, or solitaire games, here is a comprehensive, up-to-date book with the complete rules of your favorite games of skill and chance. ACCORDING TO HOYLE gives not only the rules but expert advice on winning, too.
 id : 249042 ISBN : 0823075095  | name : The Audition Book  |  description : A guide to preparing for auditions tells how to overcome stage fright, deal with casting directors, find an agent, and prepare photos and resumes
 id : 249043 ISBN : 0843940549  | name : Shadows  |  description : Selene DeMarco, the last female of her line, finds herself in a deadly predicament--in order to save her soul, she must mate with a descendant of the man who had plunged her family into endless agony. But someome is out there who is determined to stop her--a maniac who would kill and kill again until he claimed Serena for his own and spawned a new generation.
 id : 249044 ISBN : 1563051494  | name : The Fat Tooth Fat Gram Counter  |  description : An instant reference to more than six thousand foods--from pasta to prime ribs--helps dieters count down their daily fat intake and includes a handy take-along restaurant guide to more than 3,500 favorite dishes. Original.
 id : 249045 ISBN : 0672326205  | name : Sams Teach Yourself PHP, MYSQL and Apache  |  description : Explains how to create Web sites using the PHP scripting language, the MySQL database system, and the Apache Web server on a Windows or Linux system.
 id : 249046 ISBN : 1893196038  | name : The Paragons  |  description : Elizabeth Crainsworth, daughter of Ellis Crainsworth of Crainsworth industries found murdered in a Bronx apartment on Boston Road. The Murder is thought to be drug related. The crime ridden area is known for, prostitution and drug dealing. The family has refused to comment on their daughter's murder and the police have been evasive about the crime. The question is what was Elizabeth Crainsworth doing there? There are no suspects at this time. The matter is still under investigation. When evidence concerning his daughters murder falls into the hands of the prominent Ellis Crainsworth. Ellis goes into action and contacts his long time friend, the Mayor Robert Doubleday, for help in finding her killer, but without the Press invading his and his wife's privacy. A special squad is put together, headed by Detective Vic Morgan. Come follow his investigation and it's long mysterious trail to find out just how far it will lead.
 id : 249052 ISBN : 0393308251  | name : From Resistance To Revolution  |  description : "An intellectual interpretation of the American revolution that raises it to a new height of comprehensiveness and significance. A superbly detailed account of the ideological escalation . . . that brought Americans to revolution." —Gordon S. Wood, New York Times Book Review In this classic account of the American revolution, Pauline Maier traces the step-by-step process through which the extra-legal institutions of the colonial resistance movement assumed authority from the British. She follows the American Whigs as they moved by stages from the organized resistance of the Stamp Act crisis of 1765 through the non-importation associations of the late 1760s to the collapse of royal government after 1773, the implication of the king in a conspiracy against American liberties, and the consequent Declaration of Independence. Professor Maier's great achievement is to explain how Americans came to contemplate and establish their independence, guided by principle, reason, and experience.
 id : 249053 ISBN : 0425120929  | name : Lunchroom  |  description : When the principal of Hollis Elementary School gives ballroom dancing lessons to the entire student body, Jennifer volunteers her reluctant friends to help organize a school dance--a project that could be ruined by something green in the punch.
 id : 249054 ISBN : 0425188434  | name : Sputnik  |  description : Presenting the full story behind one of the 20th century's most dramatic episodes, Washington journalist Dickson chronicles the dramatic events and developments leading up to Sputnik's launch. Illustrations.
 id : 249055 ISBN : 0471196649  | name : HTML Stylesheet Sourcebook  |  description : Create more sophisticated Web pages with the new HTML technology. As Web technology evolves, Webmasters and developers are increasingly called on to provide greater sophistication and flexibility in their HTML design. Stylesheets are designed to help them meet these demands. This practical resource gives HTML users the tools to create, modify, and customize HTML stylesheets, covering the entire process of designing, testing, and redesigning a stylesheet. Web site provides sample HTML and stylesheet documents.
 id : 249057 ISBN : 0486233421  | name : Crucibles  |  description : Brief biographies of great chemists, from Trevisan and Paracelsus to Bohr and Lawrence, provide a survey of the discoveries and advances that shaped modern chemistry
 id : 249058 ISBN : 0590321439  | name : The Friendship Pact  |  description : When they find out that their favorite TV star is going to give a concert at their school, Tracy and her best friend Andrea try to find a way to meet him. But what happens when only one of them is invited to dinner with the star?
 id : 249059 ISBN : 0672308851  | name : Teach Yourself TCP/IP in 14 Days  |  description : TCP/IP is the most widely used network protocol. Now, this 14-day tutorial instructs the reader in the fundamentals of TCP/IP through a variety of teaching methods. The 14 day structure provides a logical and easy-to-follow sequence. Handy references with short examples are provided in shaded syntax boxes. Daily lessons, review sections, and clear examples are also included.
 id : 249060 ISBN : 0679826386  | name : Backup Goalie  |  description : When Nate Matheson, Angel Park's regular goalie, gets injured he has to train Jared Trajillo to replace him.
 id : 249062 ISBN : 0688200788  | name : My Puppy is Born  |  description : Black and white photographs trace the first eight weeks in the life of a miniature dachshund puppy from the minute he is born.
 id : 249065 ISBN : 0935848975  | name : Frank DeLima's Joke Book  |  description : Jokes and song lyrics from Hawai'i's favorite comedian.
 id : 249066 ISBN : 1558760709  | name : Napoleon in Egypt  |  description : A description of day-to-day life in occupied Cairo is accompanied by the impressions of Napoleon's secretary and an essay on the clash of cultures
 id : 249067 ISBN : 1592580041  | name : The Ship  |  description : "The Ship" tells the remarkable story of Captain James Cook's voyage on the "Endeavour, " describing what happened when a team of volunteers boarded a replica of the ship to retrace a stretch of the route from Australia to Indonesia. 150 illustrations.
 id : 249068 ISBN : 0425172562  | name : Condition Critical  |  description : "Sirens are blaring. Passions are flaring. Things are really heating up at University Hospital"-- Cover.
 id : 249075 ISBN : 8483109271  | name : Quién mató a Daniel Pearl?  |  description : En enero de 2002, en un Pakistán revuelto tras la guerra de Afganistán, el periodista estadounidense Daniel Pearl fue secuestrado, y después degollado, por una cuadrilla de «fanáticos de Dios». Las escalofriantes imágenes de su muerte dieron la vuelta al mundo. Trastornado por la incomprensible ejecución del reportero de The Wall Street Journal , el célebre pensador, novelista y ensayista Bernard-Henri Lévy , que apoyó la causa musulmana en el conflicto de los Balcanes, decidió profundizar en el caso. El resultado de sus pesquisas y reflexiones es ¿Quién mató a Daniel Pearl? , un relato pormenorizado de lo que vio, vivió y descubrió durante su investigación a lo largo del año 2002. Sus pasos le llevaron de Karachi a Londres, de Sarajevo a Dubai, de Kandahar a Los Ángeles y... de nuevo a Karachi. Indagó en la vida de la víctima y la de sus verdugos; se entrevistó con los testigos; se internó en el mundo del islamismo radical y del grupo liderado por el Omar Sheij –el cerebro del crimen–; entró en contacto con el nuevo terrorismo y el universo de Bin Laden , quien también desempeñó un papel en la tragedia. En cada etapa de su búsqueda, a Lévy le asaltaban dos preguntas: ¿quién mató realmente a Daniel Pearl? Y ¿qué investigaba éste a su vez?, ¿qué secreto se disponía a revelar cuando lo degollaron?
 id : 249076 ISBN : 0590121251  | name : The Borrowers Afloat  |  description : The Borrowers, a family of miniature people, journey down a drain, live briefly in a tea kettle, and are swept away in a flood before finding a new home. Sequel to "The Borrowers Afield."
 id : 249081 ISBN : 0800715675  | name : Showers of Blessings  |  description : Uplifting poems-emphasizes the presence of God's blessings in the midst of times of trial, tragedy, and sorrow
 id : 249083 ISBN : 0849918049  | name : Irrepressible Hope  |  description : The official 2004 Women of Faith( devotional is based on their yearlong theme of "Irrepressible Hope," with contributions by Patsy Clairmont, Barbara Johnson, Marilyn Meberg, Luci Swindoll, Sheila Walsh, Thelma Wells, and Nicole Johnson.
 id : 249084 ISBN : 0781433622  | name : The Christian Family Answer Book  |  description : Raising a family in today's fast-paced world isn't easy--especially if you don't know where to turn with your questions. In this book you'll find insightful, biblical responses to hundreds of questions parents ask, offered by experts you trust.
 id : 249085 ISBN : 0785272747  | name : Understanding Financial Stewardship  |  description : In this study, Charles Stanley focuses on the principles of stewardship and how they specifically apply to financial resources. Discussing money and faith, the role of work, deliverance from debt, and unlocking prosperity, Dr. Stanley articulates sound biblical prinicples to bring believers into God's will for managing money and discovering true prosperity. - Back cover.
 id : 249086 ISBN : 0785272755  | name : Becoming Emotionally Whole  |  description : A unique Bible study course incorporating biblical truth, personal insights, emotional responses, and a call to action.
 id : 249087 ISBN : 0785272771  | name : Overcoming the Enemy  |  description : Dr. Charles Stanley's new series of Bible study guides feature insights and wisdom of this beloved pastor and author. Small groups and individuals who want a Bible study that's spiritually sound and practical will find a wealth of ideas to help them understand and apply the Scriptures to the real world. Each title takes a unique fourfold approach to get the most out of Bible study time - emphasizing personal identification with the Scripture passage, recognition of your emotional response, reflection of the passage's meaning and application, and taking steps to apply what's been learned. This is a sound way to explore the Word of God.
 id : 249088 ISBN : 0385603894  | name : The Shell House  |  description : The Shell House is a beautifully-written and sensitive portrayal of love, sexuality and spirituality over two generations. Greg's casual interest in the history of a ruined mansion becomes more personal as he slowly discovers the tragic events that overwhelmed its last inhabitants. Set against a background of the modern day and the first World War, Greg's contemporary beliefs become intertwined with those of Edmund, a foot soldier whose confusion about his sexuality and identity mirrors Greg's own feelings of insecurity. This is a complex and thought-provoking book, written with elegance and subtlety. It will change the way you think.
 id : 249089 ISBN : 0819826561  | name : Fifty-seven Saints  |  description : A collection of saints with focus on the virtues for which each one is noted.
 id : 249090 ISBN : 1400039746  | name : Anonymous Rex  |  description : PI Vincent Rubio, a dinosaur masquerading as a human, investigates a murder in Los Angeles. The dinosaurs are still around and wear latex clothes to blend into human society. A first novel.
 id : 249091 ISBN : 0060173432  | name : A Chance to See Egypt  |  description : The highly acclaimed author of Opal on Dry Ground and Beyond Deserving--a finalist for the National Book Award--writes a stirring and evocative new novel in which a middle-aged man discovers a world of possibilities in memory-filled Mexico.
 id : 249094 ISBN : 0670790974  | name : Writers at Work  |  description : Conversations with such authors as Robert Graves, John Dos Passos, Anthony Burgess, and Jack Kerouac reveal their personalities and views on literature
 id : 249095 ISBN : 0671479989  | name : M*A*S*H  |  description : Before the movie, this is the novel that gave life to Hawkeye Pierce, Trapper John, Hot Lips Houlihan, Frank Burns, Radar O'Reilly, and the rest of the gang that made the 4077th MASH like no other place in Korea or on earth. The doctors who worked in the Mobile Army Surgical Hospitals (MASH) during the Korean War were well trained but, like most soldiers sent to fight a war, too young for the job. In the words of the author, "a few flipped their lids, but most of them just raised hell, in a variety of ways and degrees." For fans of the movie and the series alike, here is the original version of that perfectly corrupt football game, those martini-laced mornings and sexual escapades, and that unforgettable foray into assisted if incompleted suicide--all as funny and poignant now as they were before they became a part of America's culture and heart.
 id : 249096 ISBN : 0671704400  | name : My Greatest Day in Baseball  |  description : Baseball stars relate exciting stories of the game.
 id : 249097 ISBN : 0684192500  | name : In the Company of Writers  |  description : In his lively, informal, and extremely candid memoir of a lifetime spent among books and authors, Charles Scribner, Jr., offers an intimate view of a family--and family business--from his early childhood in the 1920s, when Max Perkins was editing Hemingway, Fitzgerald, and Wolfe, through his classical studies at Princeton and cryptanalysis during WWII, which prepared him for taking the reins of Scribners in 1952 at age 30. 16-page photo insert.
 id : 249098 ISBN : 0806973374  | name : Big League Baseball Puzzlers  |  description : These challenging game situations have stumped players, managers--and even umpires! Some are real and some are hypothetical, but each of these 40 tough calls is in the megaleague rule book. There are dozens of great drawings, too.
 id : 249100 ISBN : 0316114480  | name : Racing Through Paradise  |  description : Chronicles the author's four thousand-mile sailing voyage across the Pacific with four close friends, his son Christopher, and a photographer
 id : 249101 ISBN : 0590261959  | name : Karen's New Puppy  |  description : Devastated when the family dog, Midgie, runs away, Karen is cheered when her parents adopt a new puppy named Sadie, but Karen is unprepared for the hard work and occasional disappointment associated with a new young pet. Original.
 id : 249106 ISBN : 0646154443  | name : Chopper 3  |  description : A loner since his strict Seventh Day Adventist childhood, Mark Brandon Read grew into a streetfighter, standover man, gunman and underworld executioner. Although feared throughout the Australian crime world, Read admits to being a criminal failure because he has spent most of his adult life in jail. But he has become a notorious celebrity as his crime memories have topped bestseller lists. Now self-styled writer in residence at Tasmania's Risdon Prison, he has completed his third volume of memoirs. This is it.
 id : 249109 ISBN : 0060093153  | name : So Little Time #11: Boy Crazy  |  description : The cute boy thinks you're French. Go with it. Wear your hair in a French twist. Eat French Fries, French toast, etc. Tell him the truth -- eventually. Chloe and Riley Carlson ... So much to do ... So little time.
 id : 249110 ISBN : 0439146321  | name : Your Scooby-Doo Detective Book  |  description : Here's your chance to be a super sleuth like the great Scooby-Doo. Book contains spooky mysteries to solve and cool activities and games to play.
 id : 249111 ISBN : 0071345345  | name : Visual Basic 6 Certification Exam Guide  |  description : Expertly designed for easy comprehension and retention, this full-immersion study guide delivers the essentials you need to confidently:
 id : 249112 ISBN : 0760011788  | name : MCSD Guide to Microsoft Solution Architectures  |  description : This text shows the reader how information systems are developed using Microsoft Technologies. Learning how to program is no longer sufficient for successful programmers. Programmers must now understand hardware and software architectures behind programming. This book prepares users for the MCSD certification exam # 70-100 Analyzing Requirements and Defining Solutions Architecture. It surveys VB, VB Script, ActiveX, and Active Server pages.
 id : 249113 ISBN : 078972748X  | name : Using XML  |  description : Special Edition Using XML, Second Edition gives developers a formal introduction to XML technology, starting with in-depth coverage of basic syntax and fundamental "pieces" of XML, including DTDs, Schemas, and Namespaces. The authors then cover various applications of XML, including transforming and displaying XML documents using CSS and XSL, locating data within XML documents using Xpath, Xlink and Xpointer, programming XML with SAX or DOM, including XML in Java or .NET applications, XML Scripting with Perl, XHTML and WML for presentation on traditional and hand-held Web browsers, and querying data or documents with Xquery. The final chapters cover technologies related to XML such as SVG, SMIL, and RDF, focusing on the practical features developers can put to use today.
 id : 249114 ISBN : 1861004028  | name : PRO ASP XML,  |  description : Kropog shows readers how to combine two of the most powerful technologies available to the Internet developer, covering the very latest version of both ASP and XML with detailed examples of all the areas of a system in which XML can play a significant part including data access, data transfer, and administration.
 id : 249115 ISBN : 1556619898  | name : The Great TV Turn-Off  |  description : It's "TV Turn-Off Week" all across America, and Eric Hagel decides that the Cul-de-sac Kids--their parents, too!--won't watch a speck of TV for the entire week.All the kids agree. But what about the grown-ups? Can Eric and his friends convince the adults to go along with the plan?Will it be a never-to-be-forgotten no-TV week? Or will the folks on Blossom Hill Lane be tempted by the tube?
 id : 249117 ISBN : 0765308495  | name : The World's Finest Mystery and Crime Stories: 4  |  description : More than 200,000 words of the best mystery and suspense fiction from around the world The world's Finest Mystery and Crime Stories Each year, editors Ed Gorman and Martin H. Greenberg cast their net far and wide, across the seas, throughout the world to catch the best-the most suspenseful, most original, intriguing, confounding, downright entertaining stories of crime and mystery. Edgar winners from the U.S., Silver Dagger winners from the U.K., and stories from elsewhere as well come together here in a bountiful crop of great stories by the best in the business, including Lawrence Block - Jon L. Breen - Stanley Cohen - Bill Crider - Jeffery Deaver - Jeremiah Healy - Clark Howard - Susan Isaacs - John Lutz - Sharyn McCrumb - Ralph McInerny - Anne Perry - Bill Pronzini - Donald E. Westlake and many others. This book's a killer!
 id : 249118 ISBN : 1400060257  | name : Royal Heist  |  description : Edward de Jersey is an immensely wealthy Englishman with a beautiful Swedish wife, a magnificent stately home, and a successful racing stable.
 id : 249119 ISBN : 1582433186  | name : The Mercy Killers  |  description : "In the dusky world of a working-class Midwestern city, at a time of social and political chaos, The Mercy Killers tells a chilling story of the actions that we take in the name of love, and the revisionist histories we spin from our own past."--BOOK JACKET.
 id : 249120 ISBN : 3404147340  | name : Die Prinzessin und der Horst  |  description : Mona ist 26 Jahre alt und Talkshowredakteurin. Sie hat zahlreiche Stammbars und einen psychisch stabilen Freund. Aber sie hat auch ein Problem. Es heisst Eske, ist Monas beste Freundin, wie immer gerade solo und zu allem Übel soeben 30 geworden. Um Eskes Notstand zu beenden, durchpflügt Mona strategisch die postmodernen Quellen möglichen Liebesglücks und landet dabei auch im Internet. Ihr schlauer Plan funktioniert einwandfrei bis sich der ominöse Rockster einmischt.
 id : 249122 ISBN : 1557738033  | name : The Reluctant Ghost  |  description : Determined to save the Abbey, which her uncle has sold to Charles Graham, Jane Steadford tells the earl that the place is haunted, hoping that the thought of apparitions will drive him away. Reprint.
 id : 249123 ISBN : 0393312267  | name : Exploring Chaos  |  description : Chaos theory is giving scientists fresh insights into all sorts of unruly phenomena-from dripping faucets to swinging pendulums, from the vagaries of the weather to the movements of the planets, from heart rhythms to gold futures. In this collection of front-line reports, edited for the general reader, internationally recognized experts such as Ian Stewart, Robert M. May, and Benoit Mandelbrot draw on the latest research to trace the roots of chaos in modern science and mathematics.
 id : 249124 ISBN : 2266107240  | name : Un couple de notre temps  |  description : Denis se situerait-il entre l'âne et l'andouille sur l'échelle de l'évolution ? Le démon de la bêtise aurait-il eu la main un peu trop leste en se penchant sur son berceau lorsqu'il était encore tout bébé ? Si l'histoire ne dit pas par quel incroyable phénomène Denis a contracté son extraordinaire stupidité, il n'en reste pas moins que sa funeste disposition à rater tout ce qu'il entreprend a quelque chose de prodigieux. Souvent dépassé par les événements, mais jamais à cours d'arguments, Denis, comme tous les imbéciles, ose tout et ne se repose jamais. Et entre une nuit de noces qui se termine sur la route d'une décharge municipale et un voyage à Venise qui se solde par un pitoyable détournement d'avion, on se dit que, décidément, notre héros est bien la preuve vivante que le ridicule ne tue pas...
 id : 249126 ISBN : 0446525979  | name : Ain't it Cool?  |  description : Presents a behind-the-scenes glimpse into the realm of Hollywood, exposing guarded secrets about scripts, casting, production, test screenings, and the release of films.
 id : 249127 ISBN : 082395059X  | name : Comets and Asteroids  |  description : Briefly discusses the composition and position of comets, asteroids, and meteors.
 id : 249128 ISBN : 1401300588  | name : The Tree Bride  |  description : Struggling to reconcile with her estranged husband, Tara Chatterjee relates the story of an East Bengali ancestor who married a tree at the age of five and who grew up to be a nationalist freedom fighter against the British Raj.
 id : 249132 ISBN : 060059114X  | name : Catwalking  |  description : An illustrated account of fashion modelling through the ages - Changing role of the fashion model - Super-models - Twiggy - Jean Shrimpton - Lauren Hutton - Cindy Crawford - Claudia Schiffer - Kate Moss.
 id : 249134 ISBN : 0781802008  | name : The Polish Way  |  description : Mr. Zamoyski believes there is a need for a new synthesis of Poland's past because of the heavily nationalist and political coloring of existing works. He strives to place Polish history more squarely in its European context, and he pays special attention to developments that had repercussions beyond the boundaries of the country.
 id : 249135 ISBN : 0831748680  | name : Impressionism  |  description : In this remarkable new large-format book, art historians Belinda Thomson and Michael Howard have selected 120 of the world's finest and best known Impressionist paintings. Each painting is superbly reproduced in full color and accompanied by a lively and authoritative text which provides insights into the rich complexity of the work.
 id : 249136 ISBN : 0844235296  | name : Creating and Delivering Winning Advertising and Marketing Presentations  |  description : Make all your presentations come alive with the all-new edition of this one-of-a-kind guide to planning and executing marketing and advertising presentations. Create dynamic presentations that sell you, sell your programs, and win over your client. This easy-to-follow, step-by-step guide helps you checkpoint all the critical stages in your presentations to reach the all-important goal: getting and keeping clients. Loaded with practical tips and advice from today's marketing communications experts, Creating & Delivering Winning Advertising & Marketing Presentations is the book you'll rely on to identify presentation strategies that are on target with your client every time; develop dynamic messages that create enthusiasm in your audience; select, plan, and design audio and visual aids that "speak" volumes for your ideas; make presentations that will sell your ideas every time; and provide the follow-up that will close every deal. From using research effectively, to budgeting wisely, to reading an audience and thinking on your feet, Creating & Delivering Winning Advertising & Marketing Presentations gives you the practical expertise you'll need for every audience and every situation - every time.
 id : 249137 ISBN : 0553298372  | name : Dawn on a Jade Sea  |  description : Twelve years after he rescued Rhea from a savage storm, Zhao, the Red Tiger, is reunited with the dark beauty who possesses the skills of ancient martial artists. Original.
 id : 249138 ISBN : 0679882596  | name : Princess in Peril  |  description : Xena battles cutthroats, mercenaries, and an evil arms dealer to free a kidnapped princess and prevent a war.
 id : 249141 ISBN : 0679882960  | name : Queen of the Amazons  |  description : Xena helps her friend Gabrielle thwart the plans of a scheming warlord to start a war between the Amazons and the Centaurs in order to gain control of Arborea.
 id : 249142 ISBN : 0883659263  | name : Fairy and Folk Tales of Ireland  |  description : An enchanting and mystical collection of Irish lore and song includes the mercurial trooping fairies, leprechauns, the dreaded Pooka, the Banshee, and other myths and details the rich imagination and heritage of Ireland. Reissue.
 id : 249143 ISBN : 0595656404  | name : Last Things, First Things  |  description : Val and Erin each visit an outpatient clinic, and each ends up with mistaken beliefs. Val believes his life is ending. Erin believes hers is not. Both may be wrong. When they meet and fall in love, the misinformation puts an insurmountable barrier between them. The clock is ticking, and only luck will decide whether they find out the truth in time.
 id : 249144 ISBN : 0890878609  | name : The Artful Spirit  |  description : Chicago decorative artist Nancy Swan Drew shows us how to create art out of the everyday objects around us.
 id : 249153 ISBN : 055356806X  | name : The Windflower  |  description : Determined to aid the cause of American freedom, lovely Merry Wilding embarks on a dangerous mission to England, only to fall into the hands of Devon Crandall, a pirate and mysterious British spy
 id : 249156 ISBN : 0679890815  | name : Mission Down Under  |  description : During a chaotic music class in school, Hannah finds herself mysteriously transported to Australia, sent there by the angels that watch over her to help her new friend, Ian, track down poachers that are preying on endangered animals.
 id : 249157 ISBN : 0156004976  | name : The Object Stares Back  |  description : A study on how our eyes function with our brains examines the irrational elements of physical sight and concludes that human seeing transforms both the viewer and the object being viewed.
 id : 249162 ISBN : 0595215092  | name : The Jericho Flower  |  description : Returning for his fourth misadventure, small-town newspaperman and social gadfly Elias Hackshaw finds himself immersed in a mystery involving a dead con man and a missing gypsy princess with the improbable name of Bimbo Wanka. Through no fault of his own—well, almost none—Hack becomes a suspect in the case when the cops mistakenly conclude that he was an acquaintance of the murdered con artist. Meanwhile, Bimbo's parents turn up on Hack's doorstep demanding he turn over their missing daughter, or face a gypsy curse. To add to the mayhem, a local industrialist is badgering Hackshaw to oversee a major renovation to his monstrosity of a house, and Hack's sister Ruth is hectoring him to forget everything else and see to his duties as editor of The Triton Advertiser. Trapped by circumstance, Hack begins poking into things and soon discovers a circus assortment of off-beat characters: gypsies in cowboy hats, a con man with a conscience, a sheriff's investigator without a heart—or a brain—ham-fisted townies, and much, much more. Only a strong survival instinct, and his usual portion of dumb luck, can save Hackshaw this time around. “Wilcox spins an entertaining yarn of murder and mayhem…With a credible plot and eccentric characters that adroitly avoid being mere caricatures, Wilcox offers a semi-cozy mystery—uncloying, clever and far from brutal.”—Publishers Weekly “Wilcox is an absolutely first-rate writer…The Jericho Flower is a well-crafted, imaginative tale that this reader wished could go on for much longer. It's a great read…”—Midwest Book Review “The Jericho Flower is a surprising, deep, amusing, and character driven mystery that will keep you on your toes…It's a mystery that keeps you hanging until the very end, an unlikely hero who will keep you laughing, and a full range of characters that opens you up to small town life…a most involved and amusing mystery from this very talented author.”—All About Murder
 id : 249164 ISBN : 0199194971  | name : Ronald the Tough Sheep  |  description : Entertaining reads for children of high reading ability, average maturity and interest level at KS1BluePoor old Blue doesn't want to be Merlin's apprentice. He's not very good at creating magic and keeps making mistakes. Will he ever gain any respect?
 id : 249165 ISBN : 0747256845  | name : Man's Storm  |  description : In the autumn of 1703, a great gale ripped through London. Many were killed, among them Joan Fletcher, the shrewish wife of Alan Fletcher, an ironmonger. But the savage blow that split her head points to more suspicious circumstances. Surreptitiously, George Man, a young parish watchman, trails the ironmonger through the dangerous back streets while the storm rages on. And as Fletcher¹s secret life emerges, a web of intrigue is uncovered, stretching from the brothels of Westminster to a brickworks owned by Daniel Defoe—who Man realizes holds the key to the murder, if only he can be found.
 id : 249166 ISBN : 0449218945  | name : The Devil's Delilah  |  description : Jack Langdon met Delilah Desmond under unusual circumstances. She was holding a pistol on a publisher--threatening him not to publish her father's scandalous memoirs, which would ruin her social standing!
 id : 249168 ISBN : 159182236X  | name : Tokyo Mew Mew Volume 1  |  description : Eleven-year-old Ichigo and four other girls' DNA is merged with the DNA of wild animals. They have become part of a secret project called the "Mew Project" whose mission is to protect the planet from aliens who are using the planet's animals to attack humans.
 id : 249171 ISBN : 2253030090  | name : Aventures prodigieuses de Tartarin de Tarascon  |  description : Héros de la petite ville de Tarascon, Tartarin ne rêve que d'aventure et de chasse au lion. Mais que l'Afrique est loin pou qui n'a jamais quitté sa maison ! L'intrépide chasseur s'embarque enfin : parviendra-t-il à débusquer un fauve du désert ? Personnage burlesque mais si attachant, Tartarin est le type même du Méridional hâbleur qui se dupe lui-même autant qu'il dupe les autres. Où se rejoignent cocasserie et vérité, mais " une vérité d'Outre-Loire qui enfle, exagère, ne ment jamais, et tarasconne tout le temps ". Sans jamais se départir d'une réelle tendresse pour son personnage, Daudet a déployé dans Tartarin de Tarascon toutes les ressources de sa verve et de son ironie, créant ainsi l'un des plus grands types comiques de la littérature française.
 id : 249172 ISBN : 226403176X  | name : L'homme au ventre de plomb  |  description : Fin de l'année 1761 : la guerre de Sept Ans prend une tournure de plus en plus désastreuse, l'expulsion des jésuites est en discussion et la marquise de Pompadour vit ses derniers temps de faveur. Nous retrouvons Nicolas Le Floch à la première des Paladins de Rameau à l'Opéra, à laquelle assiste Madame Adélaïde, une des filles de Louis XV. Durant la représentation, le comte et la comtesse de Ruissec, qui accompagnaient la princesse, sont informés du suicide de leur fils, et Nicolas suit son maître Sartine jusqu'à l'hôtel des malheureux parents, où il va faire de bien curieuses constatations. Nicolas découvre bientôt que ces meurtres paraissent liés à un complot jésuite. Mais ne s'agit-il pas là de fausses apparences, d'une manipulation compliquée des divers partis qui s'affrontent secrètement à la Cour ? " Les aventures de ce nouveau limier se distinguent par leurs qualités littéraires et la singularité du personnage et de son siècle. " Télé Journal
 id : 249175 ISBN : 073940251X  | name : The House  |  description : Five strangers discover that they share a terrifying bond, memories of a haunted childhood growing up in houses that are eerily identical to one another, and come together to confront the nightmare of the past and to escape the unspeakable secret of the house.
 id : 249177 ISBN : 0590684175  | name : Short & Shivery  |  description : A collection of thirty short and spooky tales from the folklore of Russia, Virginia, Ireland, Canada, and other areas of the world.
 id : 249178 ISBN : 0816708185  | name : Oliver and the Runaway Alligator  |  description : Despite his mother's protests, Oliver determines to care for a homeless baby alligator until he can find its owner.
 id : 249183 ISBN : 0553444034  | name : Down and Dirty  |  description : When her aunt is accused in a scandal involving a fake Mayan artifact, archaeology professor Catherine Moore enlists the aid of roguish adventurer Jack Gibralter to find out the truth. Original.
 id : 249184 ISBN : 0821726544  | name : Fallen Angel  |  description : The "USA Today" bestselling author returns with one of her classics--an irresistibly sensual tale of a fiery Scotswoman in love with the man she's sworn to destroy. Reissue.
 id : 249185 ISBN : 0862785170  | name : Gift of the Gab  |  description : With illustrations by Terry Willers For the unprepared visitor Irish conversation can be a minefield. 'How's the craic ?' is not an assumption that you are well versed in the properties of narcotics substances, merely an enquiry after your health and general well-being. A seemingly easy question like 'Your'e not from around here are ye?' requires a far more detailed reply than 'No, I'm not'. In order not to be thought rude you should supply details of where you live, why you are in Ireland, the tiny village, now deserted, from which your great-great grandfather emigrated in the year dot, and, to be really accepted, your salary figure, marital status and daily eating habits! To the uninitiated, advice like this might seem extreme, but, as Tadhg Hayes points out, the proper answer will save you from insistent and repeated questioning, which, in the case of the Irish, is motivated by genuine interest and not just downright nosiness. Having safely negotiated the opening gambits, plenty of other conversational pitfalls await the visitor. GIFT OF THE GAB covers them all and will see you through any topic, from THE WEATHER, SPORT, DRINK, DEATH, how to interpret travel directions and statements on a person's financial situation (see THE POOR MOUTH). For Improvers there are useful phrases to add colour to your conversation, including the essential 'feck', 'fecking' and its variations. All in all, the most essential thing, after your umbrella, you will need for an enjoyable holiday in Ireland.
 id : 249186 ISBN : 0330352938  | name : Breakfast on Pluto  |  description : Conceived in a moment of mad passion by a randy Irish priest and his temporary housekeeper -- and abandoned on a doorstep in a Rinso box as an infant -- her ladyship "Pussy" (né Patrick) Braden grew up fabulous and escaped tiny Tyreelin, Ireland, to start life anew in London. In blousy tops and satin miniskirts she plies her trade as a transvestite rent boy on Picadilly's Meat Rack, risking life and limb among the city's flotsam and jetsam. But it is the 1970s, and fear haunts the streets of London and Belfast -- and as radioactive history approaches critical mass, the coming explosion of violence and tragedy may well blow Pussy's fragile soul asunder.
 id : 249188 ISBN : 1842121022  | name : Memoir of the Bobotes  |  description : "Cary's portrait of an idealistic Englishman who gets his Romantic ideals shattered by the reality of war is based on his firsthand experience of serving in the Balkan campaign of 1912 to 1913. The text is buttressed with 25 illustrations by the author."--Library Journal.
 id : 249189 ISBN : 0812522540  | name : Scars and Other Distinguishing Marks  |  description : A collection of horrific tales explore the world of vampires, blood, and other gruesome topics in such chilling tales as "Red" and "Vampire"
 id : 249191 ISBN : 1557042454  | name : Doubles, Dummies, and Dolls  |  description : Twenty-one tales of the inanimate coming to life, including stories by Rudyard Kipling, Joyce Carol Oates, and Edgar Allan Poe.
 id : 249192 ISBN : 0310209854  | name : Yes, You Can, Heather!  |  description : The story of Heather Whitestone, Miss America 1995.
 id : 249193 ISBN : 0394822560  | name : Shell  |  description : Photographs and text examine different types of shells, including seashells, eggshells, and fossil shells, focusing on such aspects as how shells camouflage themselves and how they may be collected.
 id : 249194 ISBN : 0743457587  | name : The Miracle Worker  |  description : A text of the television play, intended for reading, of Anne Sullivan Macy's attempts to teach her pupil, Helen Keller, to communicate.
 id : 249195 ISBN : 0786707240  | name : The Mammoth Book of Oddballs and Eccentrics  |  description : Howard Hughes, Liberace, Imelda Marcos, Sarah Bernhardt, Ed Wood, Jr., Ludwig von Beethoven -- they're all here, along with an astonishing assortment of other oddballs, kooks, dreamers, despots, prophets, performers, royals, politicians, inventors, philosophers, writers, artists, and more garden-variety eccentrics. Here, too, are the phobias, compulsions, odd beliefs, and weird habits that have placed them in the ranks of the bizarre, curious, and strange. You will discover, for instance, that Elvis Presley was convinced he could turn Graceland's sprinkler system on and off by the sheer power of concentration, that Salvador Dali ate vast quantities of Camembert cheese before bedtime to make his dreams more vivid, that Florence Nightingale carried a miniature pet owl in her pocket, while Kaiser Wilhelm II always carried with him photos of his deceased relatives in their funeral attire. You will learn, too, that the Victorian judge Lord Monboddo spent his entire life convinced that babies were born with tails (which midwives cut off), and that John Harvey Kellogg of cereal fame spent his wedding night writing an essay on the evils of sexual intercourse. Throughout the pages of this mammoth book you'll find impulses, whims, obsessions, and hangups as skewed as the schemes of Francisco Lopez, the Paraguay president who attempted to rout the Brazilian army with a battalion of small boys wearing false beards. You'll find cases galore that are screwier, too.
 id : 249197 ISBN : 1841951579  | name : Selected Stories  |  description : This year sees the launch of the Pocket Classics, a series of short works for pleasurable reading in a pocket-sized format. These books offer an intriguing and original mixture of new and varied reading experiences from a wide range of Scottish writing from different genres and all periods. Think of them as a reintroduction to the impact of the finest writing, whether non-fiction, poetry, short stories or novellas.These four stories, set at home and abroad, show Muriel Spark's characteristically witty and unbalancing powers. In 'The Executor' the niece of a famous author is pursued by an unfinished manuscript. 'Bang-bang You're Dead' mixes childhood games and white-settler affairs to paint a sinister and comic portrait of colonial life and murder by proxy in Africa. Also set in Africa, 'The Seraph and the Zambesi' tells of a Christmas pageant which has the strangest visitor, while 'Portobello Road' is a story haunted by childhood friendships and adult betrayals. Together they illustrate why Spark is regarded as one of the greatest living short story writers.
 id : 249198 ISBN : 0571194362  | name : Ask Uncle Albert  |  description : 'Where is the centre of the universe?' 'Why is water wet?' 'What are atoms made of?' 'Will the sun ever blow up?' Fresh from Uncle Albert's postbag here are 100 science questions from children on subjects including Black Holes, atoms, clouds, colour and volcanoes.
 id : 249199 ISBN : 051712016X  | name : Jo's Storm  |  description : A watercolored instructional guide to nature, weather, and its effects follows the story of Little Jo, who creates a magical, wintry world with paper, scissors, and his imagination.
 id : 249200 ISBN : 0446601187  | name : Dumb Men Joke Book  |  description : A new collection for beer-drinker bashers and couch-potato clobberers includes the answers to such questions as "What's a dumb man's martini?" and "How can you tell which computer the dumb man is using?" Original.
 id : 249202 ISBN : 0749004002  | name : Gypsy  |  description : In Vichy France, the Ritz Hotel in Paris is rocked by an explosion. Diamonds destined for the Third Reich are missing. Is it the resistance or the work of safe-cracker, Gypsy? The unlikely duo of Jean-Louis St-Cyr of the Surete and Herman Kohler of the Gestapo investigate.
 id : 249203 ISBN : 1852425873  | name : Mr Clive & Mr Page  |  description : In 1886 an architect called Richardson built a house on the South side of Chicago. In 1985 the Daily Mirror reported the death of Rock Hudson. Halfway through the century that falls between these dates a man who claims his name is Mr Page sits down by his gas-fire on a snowbound Christmas Eve and sets himself the task of explaining a story that connects these apparently unconnected events. Neil Bartlett?s new novel spins a dark and erotic web of conjecture in the gaps of history. It takes its reader from the brittle glamour of the twenties into the violent repression of the fifties; from Mayfair dining rooms to the steam room of a gentlemen?s Turkish Bath; from the ordinary world of Mr Page into the strange and unsettling world of the black-haired, well-dressed and immensely wealthy Mr Clive.
 id : 249204 ISBN : 0595280404  | name : Diary of a Mother  |  description : Cartoon Cathy meets Erma Bombeck in this hilarious collection of short stories that will keep you laughing and crying from cover to cover. Christine Hohlbaum reels you into the world of child mayhem as she recounts tales of life with small children. From potty-training to the magic of Santa Claus, this book tells all about the ups and downs of parenting. A splendid addition to your leisure reading list!
 id : 249205 ISBN : 0394572556  | name : The Princess and the Dragon  |  description : In turn-of-the-century Russia, Prince Grand Duke George Alexandrovich, fearing the end of the Romanov dynasty, embarks on a strange odyssey into the past and the future, seeking to conquer time and mortality to found a new kingdom
 id : 249207 ISBN : 0778320855  | name : Winterset  |  description : EVER SINCE ANNA HLOCOMBE INEXPLICABLY REFUSED HIS PROPOSAL, REED MORELAND HAS BEEN UNABLE TO SET FOOT IN THE HOME THAT ONCE WAS THE BACKDROP TO THEIR ROMANCE ... WINTERSET.
 id : 249208 ISBN : 080502607X  | name : Dee Brown's Folktales of the Native American  |  description : Collection of Native American folklore gathered from numerous tribes.
 id : 249209 ISBN : 0460874306  | name : East Lynne  |  description : Isabel Vane forlader sit ægteskab med sagføreren Archibald Carlyle, efter at have misfortolket hans møder med en kvindelig klient. Senere vender hun tilbage til hjemmet - manden har giftet sig igen - som barnepige for sine egne børn
 id : 249210 ISBN : 0785250034  | name : Where to Find It in the Bible  |  description : Contains over 3,700 alphabetically arranged entries that show where to look in the Bible to find information about a variety of contemporary issues, concerns, and problems, including abortion, hell, networking, retirement, voting, and war.
 id : 249211 ISBN : 093194838X  | name : They Tore Out My Heart and Stomped that Sucker Flat  |  description : A humorous look at the heart disease that eventually killed Grizzard.
 id : 249214 ISBN : 2266115413  | name : Boro s'en va-t-en guerre  |  description : Avec son profil d'aigle, sa canne et son Leica, il a parcouru l'Europe des années trente, combattu les conjurés de la Cagoule, fait la guerre d'Espagne, bourlingué aux Indes, et même percé les codes ultrasecrets de la Wehrmacht. Les nazis ne lui feront pas de cadeau. Quand vient le temps de l'Occupation, Blémia Borowicz, le splendide émigré de Budapest, reprend les armes. Malgré la rencontre avec une jeune fille aux yeux verts, l'heure n'est plus à la séduction. La France se déchire. Boro a choisi son camp en ces temps de délation, de xénophobie et de terreur. Il devient, lui le métèque, l'homme à abattre. Le cinquième et dernier épisode d'une série de luxe devenue légendaire.
 id : 249215 ISBN : 229031529X  | name : Le Poulpe : L'antizyklon des atroces  |  description : Pendant l'occupation allemande, l'industrie chimique française Ugine à Villiers-Saint-Sépulcre a fabriqué du Zyklon B pour le compte des nazis, à destination des chambres à gaz... Jules Mangille, manutentionnaire dans l'usine à cette époque, est formel : juste avant l'évacuation des dernières productions de Zyklon B, toute une cargaison a été détournée et n'a jamais pris le chemin de l'Allemagne. Alphonse Brichet, ancien Doriotiste et amateur de pigeons est mort depuis longtemps, mais son fils Philippe se livre quant à lui à des trafics assez obscurs : entre élevage de chiens, pigeons et cuves à incinération. Le Poulpe, toujours aussi déterminé, est décidé à voir clair dans ces affaires...
 id : 249216 ISBN : 0486221075  | name : Sing-song  |  description : A collection of poems and rhymes about childhood activities, flowers, animals, and seasons.
 id : 249218 ISBN : 0380019345  | name : Linnets and Valerians  |  description : When the four orphaned Linnet children are sent to live with their nasty grandmother, they decide at once their new life is unbearable and they run away. Making their way through the English countryside, the encounter a host of unforgettable characters and begin their search for the missing Valerians. Will they be thwarted by the witch Emma Cobley and her magic cat? Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 249220 ISBN : 0679746536  | name : The Cryptogram  |  description : In this gripping short play, David Mamet combines mercurial intelligence with genuinely Hitchcockian menace. The Cryptogram is a journey back into childhood and the moment of its vanishing—the moment when the sheltering world is suddenly revealed as a place full of dangers. On a night in 1959 a boy is waiting to go on a camping trip with his father. His mother wants him to go to sleep. A family friend is trying to entertain them—or perhaps distract them. Because in the dark corners of this domestic scene, there are rustlings that none of the players want to hear. And out of things as innocuous as a shattered teapot and a ripped blanket, Mamet re-creates a child terrifying discovery that the grownups are speaking in code, and that that code may never be breakable.
 id : 249221 ISBN : 0723243263  | name : A Little Book of Bible Stories  |  description : This collection of favorite Bible stories is adapted from the original volume which was written by Dorothy Barker and illustrated by her sister, Cicely Mary Baker, known for her Flower Fairies books. Designed to recapture the charm of the earlier edition, this is a special book for the whole family. Full color.
 id : 249222 ISBN : 2878581342  | name : Les quatre fleuves  |  description : Toujours campé sur ses rollers, le jeune Grégoire Braban et son ami Vincent s'adonnent avec plus ou moins de bonheur au vol à la tire. Ce jour-là, à Saint-Michel, ils arrachent la sacoche d'un vieux. Trente mille balles. Le gros lot. Mais la sacoche est lourde de bien autre chose. Autre chose d'assez dégueulasse. Le sac du vieux, Grégoire, c'est la boîte de Pandore. Il y a tous les péchés du monde là-dedans. Au soir, Vincent est assassiné, la cuisse lacérée de quatre coups de lame. Le commissaire Adamsberg (L'Homme aux cercles bleus, L'Homme à l'envers) s'inquiète de cet étrange dessin. Le tueur à la serpe, celui que la rumeur a surnommé Le Bélier vient-il de signer son quatrième meurtre ? Avec Les Quatre Fleuves, deux artistes ont dialogué pendant plus d'un an pour offrir au lecteur un roman d'un type inédit. Le pinceau et la plume magiques de Baudoin, en donnant un visage aux personnages, en explorant formes, rythmes et mouvements, exaltent la " singularité du style et de l'univers littéraire, l'humour ravageur, et la subversion du regard " caractéristiques de l'œuvre de Fred Vargas.
 id : 249224 ISBN : 068480977X  | name : A Bed for the Night  |  description : Drawing on firsthand reporting from hot war zones around the world--Bosnia, Rwanda, Congo, Kosovo, Sudan, most recently Afghanistan--David Rieff shows what humanitarian aid workers do in the field and the growing gap between their noble ambitions and their actual capabilities for alleviating suffering.
 id : 249225 ISBN : 0374475881  | name : The Topsy-Turvy Emperor of China  |  description : The mean and ugly Emperor Cho Cho Shan, determined to be considered the most handsome and noble man in China, declares that everything is to be the opposite of what it was, so that evil, ugliness, and stupidity are to be the most admired qualities in hisk
 id : 249227 ISBN : 0395850851  | name : West Wind  |  description : A collection of forty poems that explore the transformation of love and nature over time.
 id : 249228 ISBN : 2070363287  | name : L'aigle à deux têtes  |  description : Empruntant son sujet aux tragiques mystères des maisons d'Autriche et de Bavière, Cocteau met face à face une reine, veuve, vierge et déjà virtuellement morte, et son assassin, un jeune poète anarchiste venu pour la tuer, et qui est pour elle la mort qu'elle attend. Leur destin est donc scellé d'avance. mais il se trouve que l'assassin est le sosie du roi tant aimé, et il ne veut tuer la reine que parce qu'il l'a de loin depuis toujours aimée...
 id : 249229 ISBN : 2070380971  | name : Le Navire Night  |  description : Il a commencé le tournage du Navire Night le lundi 31 juillet 1978. Il avait fait un découpage. Pendant le lundi et le mardi qui a suivi, du 1er août, jil a tourné les plans prévus dans le découpage. Le mardi soir, il a vu les rushes du lundi. Sur mon agenda, ce jour-là, il a écrit - film raté.
 id : 249230 ISBN : 2070749150  | name : Rendez-vous au Colorado  |  description : " Je savais bien que j'avais, au Colorado, rendez-vous avec la beauté, la nature, rendez-vous avec des souvenirs. Mais je ne savais pas que j'avais rendez-vous avec un fantôme, la silhouette d'une jeune femme au visage grêlé, que je n'avais vue sans doute, cet été-là, qu'à peine deux ou trois fois. "
 id : 249231 ISBN : 2070753565  | name : Je connais gens de toutes sortes  |  description : Parmi eux, Jean-Luc Godard ou Jean-Luc, article paru une première fois dans Vogue, août 1979, suivi d'une Relecture, rédigée celle-ci en 2001 (p. 103-114).
 id : 249232 ISBN : 2211061621  | name : La preuve par l'eau de vaisselle  |  description : C'est un soir presque comme les autres chez les Clounet. Georges Clounet est en train de faire la vaisselle en sifflotant. Les garçons sont couchés. Tout à coup, on sonne à la porte : sur le seuil, il y a un drôle de petit bonhomme avec une grosse moustache et un registre sous le bras. " Service de surveillance des familles, brigade des vérifications à domicile. Je viens pour un contrôle. Vous êtes bien père de famille ? - Oui, répond Georges, légèrement abasourdi. - Alors je dois vous contrôler. Vérification des pères. Obligatoire une fois par an. "
 id : 249233 ISBN : 2221093070  | name : Toute vérité est bonne à dire  |  description : J'aurais pu être un bon gros ministre sympathique dont on aurait dit : " C'est un bon ministre de l'Education : il ne fait rien. " Quatre mois après avoir quitté son poste de la rue de Grenelle, avec la franchise et le talent de conteur qui le caractérisent, Claude Allègre parle. Il dit aujourd'hui tout ce qu'il ne pouvait pas dire quand il était ministre : ce qu'est la réalité inquiétante de l'éducation en France, comment la lourdeur du " mammouth " - qu'il conviendrait mieux de nommer dinosaure - paralyse toutes les initiatives et pénalise les élèves, comment, en dépit de la conscience professionnelle de la grande majorité des profs, une tradition corporatiste et un syndicalisme conservateur bloquent le changement et font que le meilleur système d'enseignement du monde se dégrade chaque année davantage. Ministre réformateur, Claude Allègre tire le bilan de son action de modernisation, dénonce les tares du système et indique les voies de l'avenir pour le système éducatif. Ministre politique, longtemps le plus proche conseiller de Lionel Jospin, il dévoile aussi les coulisses de la vie politique, décrit l'envers du décor de la gauche plurielle et nous fait pénétrer au cœur de l'action gouvernementale, comme jamais ne l'avait fait un des principaux personnages de l'Etat. Rouage essentiel de la machine Jospin, il livre enfin le secret d'une ascension fulgurante qui a conduit son ami à Matignon deux ans après qu'on a annoncé sa mort politique. Opération vérité sans précédent, le témoignage de Claude Allègre jette une lumière saisissante sur le véritable fonctionnement de la démocratie française.
 id : 249235 ISBN : 2246535514  | name : Qu'est-ce qu'une vie réussie?  |  description : Les sociétés contemporaines nous incitent à penser la " réussite " sur le mode du rêve éveillé. Rêves de possession " On dirait qu'on aurait gagné à la loterie "... Rêves de séduction : nous voici - enfin - dotés de qualités sublimes, virtuoses d'un instrument de musique dont nous n'avions jusqu'alors tiré que des sons angoissants, champions d'un sport qui commençait à nous décourager, témoignant à l'égard des autres de vertus insoupçonnées... Pouvons-nous en rester là ? Pour répondre à la question de la " vie bonne ", les sagesses anciennes invitaient les humains à régler leur vie sur des principes transcendants. Elles voyaient, par exemple, dans l'harmonie de la nature ou la splendeur du divin, des modèles à imiter. Longtemps encore après la " mort de Dieu ", l'humanité a éprouvé le besoin de sacraliser des idéaux - la patrie, la Révolution - pour donner un sens à l'existence. Ces horizons s'estompent. Ce livre raconte l'histoire des grandes réponses passées, la trame des vies idéales imaginées par nos ancêtres. Il fait ressortir ce qu'elles avaient de plus beau, de plus puissant, ce par quoi elles nous parlent encore. Mais, au-delà de ce récit, il propose une réflexion nouvelle sur la façon dont cette antique interrogation se pose aujourd'hui. Il se pourrait bien, en effet, que notre monde laïc soit moins hostile aux transcendances qu'on ne le dit ; que nous inaugurions, sans toujours y prêter attention, l'époque du réenchantement du monde.
 id : 249236 ISBN : 2253037419  | name : Le roman de la momie  |  description : Dans un tombeau de la Vallée des Rois, un jeune lord anglais et un archéologue découvrent la momie d'une jeune fille à la bouleversante beauté. Près d'elle, un papyrus raconte son histoire... Ainsi nous est révélé le destin de Tahoser, fille d'un grand prêtre d'Egypte, qui s'éprend d'un Hébreu. Elle est prête à partager la vie du peuple esclave, mais Pharaon, passionnément amoureux d'elle, la fait enlever et lui offre puissance et richesse... Le drame culmine lorsque, sur les pas de Moïse, les Hébreux se mettent en marche vers la mer Rouge, bientôt poursuivis par le monarque à la tête de son armée. Pour reconstituer la splendeur de la civilisation du Nil à son apogée et ressusciter ses villes défuntes, Théophile Gautier a utilisé toutes les connaissances de l'égyptologie naissante. Il nous donne ainsi un des premiers romans de l'Egypte ancienne, telle que l'Europe avait pu la rêver depuis l'expédition de Bonaparte et les travaux de Champollion.
 id : 249237 ISBN : 2742734015  | name : Des phrases courtes, ma chérie  |  description : " On fait avec le vieux parent comme on a fait avec ses enfants : on voudrait qu'il mène une vie saine, fasse du sport, ait de bons amis, se porte bien et ne vous colle pas aux basques. On fait ce qu'on sait faire. On devient tyrannique. " C'est la maison de retraite. Il y a les dames, le directeur, le docteur, la coiffeuse, l'aimable monsieur B. et le très aimable monsieur des pompes funèbres. Il y a la mère, et la fille qui vient en visite. Et aussi les amis et les proches. Il y a l'hôte secret, que nul ne doit regarder, le corbeau qui contemple de son œil noir cette ultime comédie des vivants, et attend son heure.
 id : 249239 ISBN : 2879292360  | name : La douceur  |  description : Au cours d'une colonie de vacances en Bretagne, le corps d'un enfant est retrouvé mutilé. Les criminels sont Jérémie et Steven, deux enfants de dix ans. Des années plus tard, Steven, sa mère, son frère, la directrice de la colonie et la mère de la victime essayent de comprendre et de trouver un sens à leur vie malgré l'horreur.
 id : 249240 ISBN : 0451624742  | name : The Confessions of St. Augustine  |  description : Acknowledged as one of mankind's great literary treasures. Into this tapestry of a great soul are woven the strands of all man's great concerns: the psychic impulses that snare us in selfishness, the ethical conflict between good and evil, the religious quest for God's radiant love.
 id : 249241 ISBN : 0471321427  | name : Calculus, Student Study Guide  |  description : A revision of the best selling innovative Calculus text on the market. Functions are presented graphically, numerically, algebraically, and verbally to give readers the benefit of alternate interpretations. The text is problem driven with exceptional exercises based on real world applications from engineering, physics, life sciences, and economics. Revised edition features new sections on limits and continuity, limits, l'Hopital's Rule, and relative growth rates, and hyperbolic functions.
 id : 249242 ISBN : 0534574254  | name : Philosophy of Religion  |  description : This core text provides students with a well-balanced, understandable introduction to the central topics in philosophy of religion.
 id : 249243 ISBN : 0801853958  | name : Greek Mythology  |  description : Allegorists in ancient Greece attempted to find philosophical and physical truths in myth. Plato, who resolutely excluded myths from the sphere of truth, thought that they could express ideas in a realm he could not reach with dialectical reasoning. Freud built a science around the myth of Oedipus, saying that myths were "distorted wish dreams of entire nations, the dreams of early mankind." No body of myth has served more purposes - or been subject to more analysis - than Greek mythology. This is a revised translation of Fritz Graf's highly acclaimed introduction to Greek mythology, Griechische Mythologie: Eine Einfuhrung, originally published in 1985 by Artemis Verlag. Graf offers a chronological account of the principal Greek myths that appear in the surviving literary and artistic sources, and concurrently documents the history of interpretation of Greek mythology from the seventeenth century to the present. First surveying the various definitions of myth that have been advanced, Graf proceeds to look at the relationship between Greek myths and epic poetry; the absence of an "origin of man" myth in Creek mythology; and connection between particular myths and shrines or holy festivals; the harmony in Greek literature between myth and history; the use of myth in Greek song and tragedy; and the uses and interpretations of myth by philosophers and allegorists.
 id : 249244 ISBN : 0865425426  | name : Principles of Human Evolution: A Core Textbook  |  description : This long awaited core textbook in the study of evolution takes a similar approach to the subject as does Roger Lewin's classic text, Human Evolution, but goes a step further. The many important discoveries and new evidence that have emerged since the last edition of Human Evolution make this new text a timely and necessary addition to any introductory evolution course. Coverage of the three new species of early human discovered in recent years. Discussion of the new fossil and genetic evidence on the origin of modern humans. An entire chapter on the Neanderthals. A full treatment of modern evolutionary theory. Extensive coverage of recent advances in molecular and morphological systematics.
 id : 249245 ISBN : 0070004544  | name : Communicating at Work  |  description : This text is designed primarily for courses focusing on oral communication - business presentations, group communication, and interviewing - rather than on written communication. The fourth edition contains new material on mediated communication and cultural diversity in the workplace. Greater emphasis is placed upon the ethics of interviewing and new sections on Listening to Criticism and giving feedback are included.
 id : 249246 ISBN : 0070116199  | name : Working it Out  |  description : Working It Out, Second Edition, is an easy-to-use guide that helps people write better by helping them discover writing procedures that work well. It is a handy compendium of strategies that covers that full range of the writing process: discovering ideas to write about, assessing the audience, establishing a purpose for writing, and refining the draft into a polished piece. In its new edition, Working It Out builds on the success of the first edition by adding over two dozen new strategies, new material on common myths about writing, information on what to do if your draft is too long, and an expanded discussion of punctuation.
 id : 249248 ISBN : 0130481106  | name : Parents as Partners in Education  |  description : "This text uniquely provides comprehensive coverage of the history of parenting and parent/school collaboration, current issues and immigration trends affecting American schools and communities, diverse family structures, and many techniques that teaching professionals can use to engage family members of all children more completely as partners in education. Chapters on working with families of children with special needs and on child abuse are remarkable aspects of this text."--BOOK JACKET.
 id : 249250 ISBN : 0393059421  | name : Losing America  |  description : The Senator argues that now is the time to regain the Constitution, to return to the values and processes that made America great, and to speak the truth to an increasingly aggressive and imperial White House.
 id : 249251 ISBN : 0763802506  | name : Microsoft Word 2000  |  description : Rutkowsky (Pierce College) presents specific leaning goals, overviews of new concepts and features, step-by-step exercises, chapter summaries, commands reviews, short-answer knowledge self-checks, and hands-on skill assessments. Topics include preparing, managing, formatting, and enhancing documents; customizing for visual appeal; and organizing text. Attractively formatted. The included CD- ROM contains files for use with the text. Plastic spiral binding. Annotation copyrighted by Book News, Inc., Portland, OR
 id : 249252 ISBN : 0766800318  | name : Developmentally Appropriate Practice  |  description : Written for educators, administrators, child caregivers, and parents, Developmentally Appropriate Practice provides the help essential for nurturing the development of children from birth to age eight. Practical examples show how to implement developmentally appropriate practices for real-life situations. From theory to practice, featuring: specific references from NAEYC's revised position on developmentally appropriate practice; a new chapter on defining play as the basis for developmentally appropriate practice; a new chapter on exploring the difference between teacher-directed methods of planning curriculum and the more appropriate curriculum that emerges; an emphasis on real-life situations that supports practical applications; dialogues and examples that encourage easy reading and enhance interest; and consideration of the whole child.
 id : 249254 ISBN : 0439275989  | name : The Hungry Thing  |  description : I want some shmancakes . . . and tickles . . . and feetloaf . . . and gollipops. Can you guess what this Hungry Thing really wants to eat?
 id : 249256 ISBN : 0962580600  | name : The Power of Positive Doing  |  description : Building on the foundations of positive thinking and talking, this text offers individuals, especially those in the business environment, a set of workable strategies for accomplishing whatever they want to do in all areas of life.
 id : 249257 ISBN : 155773710X  | name : Shadows in the Mist  |  description : Staying at Ebonledge to help her late friend Anna's distraught widower recover from his wife's death, Angelique Quennell senses a haunting presence and swears to solve the mystery of Anna's death. Original.
 id : 249258 ISBN : 2253098302  | name : Poèmes saturniens  |  description : Des Poèmes saturniens, entendons qu'ils sont placés sous le signe de Saturne. Ils seront donc inspirés : il n'était pas inutile de l'affirmer alors que régnaient encore des versificateurs parnassiens. Ils seront aussi baignés d'une rêverie douce et savante, tandis que le poète tournera son regard vers l'intérieur. Point ou peu de récits ou d'anecdotes. Ici l'on se souvient, l'espace d'un sonnet - et non d'un interminable poème-, sur un air de chanson grise. Et il n'est pas jusqu'à celle que l'on aime qui ne prenne une forme incertaine. Tout semble simple. Tout est savant, mais d'une technique si maîtrisée qu'elle a cessé d'être visible, au point que beaucoup s'y sont trompés. Verlaine est un poète à la fois immédiat et difficile. Il exige donc une annotation riche et précise (combien de parodies qui avaient échappé jusqu'à cette édition à l'attention des lecteurs ?), une attention à la langue et à la prosodie, alors, mais alors seulement, comme l'avait dit à peu près Ovide : " Maintenant, va mon livre, où le hasard te mène ! "
 id : 249259 ISBN : 2070715116  | name : Les Naufragés et les rescapés  |  description : " C'est arrivé et tout cela peut arriver de nouveau : c'est le noyau de ce que nous avons à dire. " Primo Levi (1919 - 1987) n'examine pas son expérience des camps nazis comme un accident de l'Histoire, mais comme un événement exemplaire qui permet de comprendre jusqu'où peut aller l'homme dans le rôle du bourreau ou dans celui de la victime. Quelles sont les structures d'un système autoritaire et quelles sont les techniques pour anéantir la personnalité d'un individu ? Quel rapport sera créé entre les oppresseurs et les opprimés ? Comment se crée et se construit un monstre ? Est-il possible de comprendre de l'intérieur la logique de la machine de l'extermination ? Est-il possible de se révolter contre elle ? Primo Levi ne se borne pas à décrire les aspects des camps qui restaient obscurs jusqu'à aujourd'hui, mais dresse un bilan pour lutter contre l'accoutumance à la dégradation de l'humain.
 id : 249267 ISBN : 2894295065  | name : Snow White  |  description : The story of the little princess who wandered into the home of the seven dwarfs and of her encounters with her wicked step-mother.
 id : 249268 ISBN : 0312104502  | name : Death Among the Dons  |  description : When two students are molested, a prominent professor stabbed, and Gladstone College torn apart by a debate over whether to admit men, Francesca Wilson, the new bursar, tries to find out what is wrong
 id : 249269 ISBN : 0425165795  | name : The Rebel  |  description : At Appomattox, four years of America's bloody Civil War came to an end, but it was only the beginning of one rebel soldier's private battle ...
 id : 249270 ISBN : 0440229014  | name : Mind's Eye  |  description : A novel in play form in which sixteen-year-old Courtney, paralyzed in an accident, learns about the power of the mind from an elderly blind woman who takes Courtney on an imaginary journey to Italy using a 1910 guidebook.
 id : 249271 ISBN : 0689118945  | name : Cause and Effect  |  description : When an inept assassin accidentally kills his employer, Midwestern lawyer Andrew Broom defends the bereaved lover, Agnes Walz, not only on a conspiracy charge but also against her still-living and now-vengeful husband
 id : 249273 ISBN : 0843942541  | name : Diablo  |  description : Diablo is one mean town. The homesteaders hate the prospectors and the miners, and both sides hate the cowboys and the ranchers. Lee Spurlock is just the man to send the town into chaos, when he kills a cowboy in a shootout.
 id : 249276 ISBN : 0061052116  | name : Portent (TP)  |  description : Climatologist James Rivers discovers the horrifying truth behind what appears to be a series of natural disasters--torrential floods, killer hailstorms, tsunamis, and vicious flash fires--when he meets the children. Original.
 id : 249277 ISBN : 0310220025  | name : Every Hidden Thing  |  description : Every Hidden Thing is taut, fast-paced reading, with intrigue, action, and surprises enough to satisfy the most discriminating mystery fan. Moreover, it's a moving, modern parable about faith, hope, and love in an angry world.
 id : 249278 ISBN : 0312206445  | name : Dead as a Doornail  |  description : Newly wealthy ex-hairdresser Stan Kraychik buys the last unrenovated brownstone in Boston's fabulously chic South End only to have the renovations held up by a freak April snowstorm-and the murder of the young, attractive contractor. Because the victim bears some resemblance to Stan himself, the police think he might have been the intended target and want to leave town while they look for the killer. Instead Stan begins to snoop around on his own, discovering a web of secrets and jealousies that someone has killed to protect-and the contractor's murder is only the beginning.
 id : 249282 ISBN : 0425085368  | name : Shadows Five  |  description : An anthology offering the finest in the horror-fantasy genre presents fourteen new tales by Tanith Lee, Chelsea Quinn Yarbro, Marta Randall, Alan Ryan, and other noted masters of the bizarre
 id : 249283 ISBN : 0425150550  | name : The Winter Man  |  description : Nicki Chim, a renowned forensic hemotologist, is ordered to catch the most grisly serial killer Washington D.C. has ever known. The cunning Winter Man has baffled scores of police and scientists. But Nikki Chim is more than just a scientist--she is a vampire, and the only one who knows as much as he does about the hidden secrets of the dead.
 id : 249284 ISBN : 043921517X  | name : Dumb Jokes for Smart Kids  |  description : Zillions of the dumbest jokes - to annoy your family, tease your friends and keep you the smartest kid on the block.
 id : 249290 ISBN : 0590134396  | name : Class Four's Wild Week  |  description : What a class! Mr Player can't control them. Not because they are naughty kids but because they're so clever Mr Player can't keep up with them! He will have to think of something pretty quickly - something new. Something exciting, something they are not going to forget in a hurry.
 id : 249291 ISBN : 0590306669  | name : Snap Backs  |  description : A collection of perfect put-downs for any occasion.
 id : 249292 ISBN : 0590431668  | name : 101 President Jokes  |  description : Presents a collection of jokes by and about each of the presidents from George Washington to George Bush
 id : 249293 ISBN : 0590471414  | name : One Hundred and One Valentine Jokes  |  description : Presents jokes and riddles with a Valentine's Day theme.
 id : 249294 ISBN : 0590471635  | name : 101 Thanksgiving Knock-knocks, Jokes, and Riddles  |  description : Gathers jokes and riddles about pilgrims, turkeys, Thanksgiving, and families.
 id : 249297 ISBN : 0679456511  | name : Dreamland  |  description : Area 51 is a huge chunk of earth the size of Belgium where the Air Force tests top-secret aircraft and where, conspiracy theorists insist, the Pentagon is hiding UFOs and space aliens. How this "black spot" came to exist--its history, its creators, its spies, and its counterspies--is Phil Patton's tale. of photos.
 id : 249299 ISBN : 0679814914  | name : Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles  |  description : Based on the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle characters and comic books created by Kevin Eastman and Peter Laird.
 id : 249300 ISBN : 0679814922  | name : Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles  |  description : The Turtles battle to keep the Turnstone, an ancient, powerful device with the power to give form to thoughts, from the evil brain Krang.
 id : 249301 ISBN : 0764568205  | name : Diabetes For Dummies  |  description : Diabetes affects millions of Americans each year, but thanks to medical breakthroughs, many diabetics live long and happy lives. In a sense, a diagnosis of diabetes is both good and bad news, with the bad news being that you’ve been diagnosed, but the good news being that you’ll make some changes in your lifestyle that will not only prevent complications but help you lead a healthier life. Now in its second edition, Diabetes For Dummies provides the most up-to-date information about the disease, covering everything from new medications to recent studies on ethnic groups and children. This trusted guide shows you what you need to know to: Understand the causes and effects Battle short-term complications Prevent long-term complications Monitor your glucose Select a diet plan that’s right for you Develop an effective exercise routine Choose and use medicine safely Deal with you child’s diabetes Care for the elderly with diabetes Cook great diabetes-friendly meals Packed with ways to prevent or reverse the effects of diabetes and Web sites to find out more, as well as exposing myths about the disease, this is the ultimate guide to understanding and managing diabetes. You’ll even find delicious recipes from top chefs that satisfy every palette. Don’t let this disease stop you from enjoying life—survive and thrive with Diabetes For Dummies, Second Edition!
 id : 249302 ISBN : 0786840226  | name : The Ultimate Disney Joke Book  |  description : Filled with more than 250 sidesplitting riddles and jokes, this book features such Disney characters as Mickey Mouse, Simba, Aladdin, Snow White, and Winnie the Pooh as joke tellers and riddle revelers. There's also plenty of categorical humor in this mix, with gags on Ho-Ho-Homonyms, Royal Riddles, Doctor Mickey's Medical Merriment, and Castle Quips.
 id : 249305 ISBN : 0816726124  | name : 102 Wild & Wacky Jokes  |  description : An illustrated collection of jokes on a variety of topics, including "What's black and white and red on the bottom? A baby penguin with diaper rash."
 id : 249306 ISBN : 0816726973  | name : 102 Goofy Jokes  |  description : A collection of jokes such as "What do pilot rabbits fly? Hare planes," and "How do you mail a fence? Use the fence post"
 id : 249307 ISBN : 0816728062  | name : Fast and Funny Jokes and Riddles  |  description : A collection of jokes and riddles includes What do you get when you cross an elephant with a jaguar? and What did the mayonnaise say to the refrigerator?
 id : 249311 ISBN : 0893751499  | name : Sequoyah, Cherokee Hero  |  description : A biography of the Cherokee Indian who invented a syllabary for the Cherokee language.
 id : 249314 ISBN : 1578560179  | name : Star Light  |  description : BOOK THREE STAR LIGHT Fall was supposed to be fun. Right?But Tess’s mom is sick and Erin's horse might die! Where can Tess turn when life gets tough? Tess Thomas has an awesome November ahead of her. She and her Secret Sister, Erin, have planned for horseback riding, a field trip, and fitting in at her new church. But suddenly Erin's horse is injured and Tess's mother starts going to the doctor after experiencing strange symptoms. She fears the worst for both of them. When bad things happen, Tess's new faith is tested. Can she trust God with the big things? What she discovers just might change her life forever.
 id : 249315 ISBN : 1852423129  | name : Accidents Will Happen  |  description : The Eco-Cops, a band of outcasts from regular police corps, have been created to combat ecological crime. Their boss, Renata Fechter, has been given the thankless command to remind her that she is a woman in a man's world. Now her squad is set on the trail of a group dumping illegal toxic wastes.
 id : 249318 ISBN : 2253141488  | name : La fortune des Laufer  |  description : Marthe et Rodolphe se rencontrent sous les lampions d'un bal de quartier, à la Libération. Entre la fille de " bougnats " et le sergent démobilisé, c'est le coup de foudre. Et aussi une ambition commune : réussir. Mais on ne se taille pas impunément un empire dans le Paris de la nuit, des dancings, des lieux de plaisir. Pour consolider leur fortune, il leur faudra employer les méthodes les plus implacables, et ne pas reculer même devant le crime. Ils le paieront d'un prix très lourd : la vie de leur fils Paul, assassiné. Et c'est finalement Jean, le fils renié, négligé, qui se dressera face à eux comme leur héritier véritable... Un héritier qui les repousse. Le romancier de La nuit des enfants rois et des Maîtres du pain nous entraîne, avec son efficacité coutumière, dans une saga familiale toute en ombres et lumières, où le suspense des meilleurs thrillers prend des reflets de tragédie shakespearienne.
 id : 249319 ISBN : 0060390417  | name : The Commodore  |  description : Called back from retirement to undertake a mysterious and dangerous assignment, the Commodore finds himself aboard a huge new tug transporting an oil rig the size of a small island to the Far East
 id : 249320 ISBN : 0373118767  | name : Raul's Revenge  |  description : Raul's Revenge by Jacqueline Baird released on Feb 21, 1997 is available now for purchase.
 id : 249321 ISBN : 0373711883  | name : The Prodigal Cousin  |  description : Sam Lockwood is a single father who wants his children to know about family. For that reason he begins to search for the mother who gave him up at birth. He finds her, and is surprised to learn that she now has another child-one she chose through adoption. Her daughter is Molly Calvert. Once known as the wild Calvert, Molly has settled down to become a respected teacher at the little elementary school in Bardill's Ridge. Years ago, she put her family through too much, and she's not prepared to hurt them ever again. Which is why she has to ignore the feelings she's beginning to have for Sam-her mother's long-lost son.
 id : 249322 ISBN : 0373761651  | name : The Lone Texan  |  description : The Lone Texan by Lass Small released on Jul 24, 1998 is available now for purchase.
 id : 249323 ISBN : 0451164083  | name : Desert Desperados  |  description : When Skye Fargo crossed into Mexico, following a stolen statue worth its weight in blood, he passed wagon trains filled with corpses and villages turned into cemeteries. For the Trailsman was riding toward a kill-crazy place called Las Rocas . . . straight into a showdown few would survive!
 id : 249324 ISBN : 0553140426  | name : Hanging Woman Creek  |  description : Pronto Pike makes it tough for rustlers lifting Bar J cattle.
 id : 249325 ISBN : 0553247603  | name : Under the Sweetwater Rim  |  description : Deep in Indian country, Major Mark Devereaux and his men find a grisly scene: a wagon train savagely attacked, with no survivors. One of the wagons originally with the group is missing; in it is a fortune in gold and Devereaux’s daughter, Mary. The slaughter, Devereaux learns, was not the work of Indians but of a murderous outlaw band. With the stakes rising in a deadly game, the only wild card is Lieutenant Tenadore Brian, who is riding with the missing wagon—against orders. Devereaux knows Brian is a good soldier, but is he good enough to protect a saddlebag full of gold . . . and the life of his daughter?
 id : 249326 ISBN : 0812510690  | name : The Far Tribes  |  description : Elkanah Morse leaves behind his comfortable New England existence to study the ways of the far tribes and enlists the help of the one man who can lead him into their territory and bring him out alive--Barnaby Skye.
 id : 249328 ISBN : 2253019550  | name : Au plus noir de la nuit  |  description : Edition originale en afrikaans, 1973. Peut-on être condamné à mort pour avoir aimé? Il semble que oui quand le couple est formé d'une blanche et d'un noir et qu'ils habitent l'Afrique du Sud, pays où sévit l'apartheid. Un roman puissant qu'on a comparé à ##Pleure, ô pays bien aimé## d'Alan Paton.
 id : 249334 ISBN : 0767900022  | name : The Illuminated Rumi  |  description : Rise up nimbly and go on your strange journey to the ocean of meanings... In the mid-thirteenth century, in a dusty marketplace in Konya, Turkey, a city where Muslim, Christian, Hindu, and Buddhist travelers mingled, Jelaluddin Rumi, a popular philosopher and scholar, met Shams of Tabriz, a wandering dervish. Their meeting forever altered the course of Rumi's life and influenced the mystical evolution of the planet. The bond they formed was everlasting--a powerful transcendent friendship that would flow through Rumi as some of the world's best-loved ecstatic poetry. Rumi's passionate, playful poems find and celebrate sacred life in everyday existence. They speak across all traditions, to all peoples, and today his relevance and popularity continue to grow. In The Illuminated Rumi, Coleman Barks, widely regarded as the world's premier translator of Rumi's writings, presents some of his most brilliant work, including many new translations. To complement Rumi's universal vision, Michael Green has worked the ancient art of illumination into a new, visually stunning form that joins typography, original art, old masters, photographs, and prints with sacred images from around the world. The Illuminated Rumi is a truly groundbreaking collaboration that interweaves word and image: a magnificent meeting of ancient tradition and modern interpretation that uniquely captures the spiritual wealth of Rumi's teachings. Coleman Barks's wise and witty commentary, together with Michael Green's art, makes this a classic guide to the life of the soul for a whole new generation of seekers.
 id : 249335 ISBN : 140190131X  | name : Getting in the Gap  |  description : Outlines a program of meditation for allowing one's mind to get into the gap between thoughts and make conscious contact with the divine and the creative energy of life.
 id : 249336 ISBN : 0151851980  | name : The Stone Raft  |  description : A geological disturbance causes the Iberian peninsula to split from the rest of Europe and sail into the Atlantic. The novel describes the impact the event has on the inhabitants of Spain and Portugal, and on the politics of the European Union. A satire by a Portuguese writer, author of The Gospel According to Jesus Christ.
 id : 249338 ISBN : 0374368074  | name : The Shining Company  |  description : In 600 A.D. in northern Britain, Prosper becomes a shield bearer with the Companions, an army made up of three hundred younger sons of minor kings and trained to act as one fighting brotherhood against the invading Saxons.
 id : 249339 ISBN : 0394621697  | name : City of Night  |  description : John Rechy, recipient of the Publishing Triangle's William Whitehead Lifetime Achievement Award, wrote City of Night in 1963. This radical and daring work, which launched Rechy's reputation as one of America's most courageous novelists, remains the classic document of the garish neon-lit world of hustlers, drag queens, and men on the make who inhabited the homosexual underground of the early sixties.
 id : 249340 ISBN : 0525456120  | name : Zel  |  description : High in the mountains, Zel lives with her mother, who insists they have all they need because they have each other. Zel's life is peaceful and protected--until she encounters a beautiful young prince at the market. But her mother sees the future unfolding and she will do the unspeakable to prevent Zel from leaving her. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 249341 ISBN : 0688177719  | name : Poachers  |  description : In ten stunning and bleak tales set in the woodlands, swamps and chemical plants along the Alabama River, Tom Franklin stakes his claim as a fresh, original Southern voice. His lyric, deceptively simple prose conjures a world where the default setting is violence, a world of hunting and fishing, gambling and losing, drinking and poaching-a world most of us have never seen. In the chilling title novella (selected for the anthologies New Stories from the South: The Year's Best, 1999 and Best Mystery Stories of the Century), three wild boys confront a mythic game warden as mysterious and deadly as the river they haunt. And, as a weathered, hand-painted sign reads: "Jesus is not coming." This terrain isn't pretty, isn't for the weak of heart, but in these deperate, lost people, Franklin somehow finds the moments of grace that make them what they so abundantly are: human.
 id : 249343 ISBN : 0806517263  | name : The 100 Most Influential Women of All Time  |  description : A ranking of the most influential women in recorded time biographies Sappho, the Virgin Mary, Eleanor Roosevelt, and Lucille Ball. Readers may argue the listing, but the concise and insightful entries are sacrosanct. Felder compiled her compendium aided by women's studies professors and chairs from leading US universities. The range is impressive from the instantly recognizable to the virtually unknown in all fields of social reform, politics, literature, and entertainment. One is compelled to ask why some of these women remain obscure, and so the volume stands as an interesting platform for discussion. Annotation copyright by Book News, Inc., Portland, OR
 id : 249345 ISBN : 0873503775  | name : Milady's Black Cosmetology  |  description : This unique resource provides specialized techniques for use on black hair and skin. Key features include:
 id : 249346 ISBN : 0881032646  | name : Childhood's End  |  description : For use in schools and libraries only. The author questions the survival of mankind in this science fiction tale about Overlords from outer space who dominate the world.
 id : 249347 ISBN : 0941533174  | name : A Kitchen in Corfu  |  description : Since Odysseus died on mezethes and spit-roasted meat on Corfu in the Homeric epic, the island has been conquered by Rome and Byzantium; taken by Norman adventurers, Genoese pirates and the Angevin kings of Naples; and held for four hundred years by the Venetians. Through the vicissitudes of war and peace the classical Greek cooking has become distinctly Corfiot.
 id : 249348 ISBN : 0375761306  | name : Hair Rules!  |  description : A celebrity hairstylist whose clients include Sarah Jessica Parker, Tyra Banks, and Minnie Driver, tells the 65 percent of women with kinky, curly, or wavy hair everything they need to know to make their hair healthy and beautiful.
 id : 249349 ISBN : 043945543X  | name : What Makes You Happy?  |  description : The Care Bears demonstrate some of the many different things that make each of them happy.
 id : 249351 ISBN : 0140367500  | name : What Katy Did at School  |  description : Dr Carr's mind is firmly made up. Katy and her little sister Clover are to spend a whole year away at boarding school. A strange place, far from home, but on arrival the girls have an inkling that it might turn out to be rather different from their expectations. One thing is for sure, it certainly isn't going to be dull with a girl like Rose Red as an ally.
 id : 249352 ISBN : 0340824344  | name : Cosa Nostra  |  description : The Mafia has been given many names since it was founded one hundred and forty years ago: the Sect, the Brotherhood, the Honoured Society, and now Cosa Nostra. Yet as times have changed, the Mafia's subtle and bloody methods have remained the same. Now, for the first time, COSA NOSTRA reconstructs the complete history of the Sicilian Mafia from its origins to the present day, from the lemon groves and sulphur mines of Sicily, to the streets of Manhattan. COSA NOSTRA is a definitive history, rich in atmosphere, and with the narrative pace of the best detective fiction. The mob genre has finally grown up.
 id : 249353 ISBN : 0373190964  | name : The Women in Joe Sullivan's Life  |  description : The Women In Joe Sullivan's Life by Marie Ferrarella released on Jun 23, 1995 is available now for purchase.
 id : 249355 ISBN : 0373761023  | name : The Officer and the Renegade  |  description : The Officer And The Renegade by Helen R. Myers released on Aug 25, 1997 is available now for purchase.
 id : 249359 ISBN : 1582183384  | name : The Prince and the Pauper  |  description : This DSI edition is lavishly illustrated with over 192 pen-and-ink drawings. This 1885 edition has been reformatted to reflect the look and feel of the original CL Webster book. Mark Twain's original publishing company. Mistaken identity! Subterfuge! Plots and counter plots! Does this sound like the latest murder-mystery novel? Well, pull up a chair and immerse yourself in one of the best childhood fantasy novels ever written. Mark Twain wrote The Prince and the Pauper and dedicated it to his two daughters, Clara and Susie. In a departure from his usual style, Twain weaves a delightful story of the prince who wants to see something of the world, and the pauper who wants to escape from the cruelty of his world.
 id : 249362 ISBN : 0028644514  | name : The Complete Idiot's Guide to Learning Spanish  |  description : Presents the principles of Spanish vocabulary, grammar, and usage for immediate use, along with a Spanish/English-English/Spanish dictionary, a guide to pronunciation, cultural information, useful phrases, and exercises.
 id : 249363 ISBN : 0746006357  | name : How to Draw Lettering  |  description : This book helps develop the skills of lettering and illustrates ideas such as greeting cards and T-shirts.
 id : 249364 ISBN : 0764568477  | name : Sewing For Dummies  |  description : Do you love to sew—or want to learn how? Then this book will have you in stitches in no time. There’s nothing like the feeling of completing a project using beautiful fabrics and great timesaving tools and then sharing it with your family and friends. Plus, learning to sew will save you money too! Before long, you’ll be stitching your own hems, repairing split seams, sewing on buttons, and much, much more. Sewing For Dummies is a book for both absolute beginners and experienced sewers. If you’re a stone-cold beginner, you’ll find everything you need to know to sew beginning-level projects—and the book doesn’t assume that you’ve ever even picked up a needle and thread before. If you’ve had some experience with sewing, you’ll find tips and tricks that it took author Janice Saunders Maresh, a nationally known sewing and serging instructor, years to pick up! You’ll discover how to: Master hand and machine stitches Read a sewing pattern Hem a variety of fabrics Negotiate sleeves and pockets Install zippers, buttons, and other fasteners Shape garments with tucks and pleats Adjust projects for better fit and function This updated edition features a fresh 8-page color insert of all the new home decorating projects, including new patterns and instructions for a traditional living room with slipcovered couches and throws; a French country dining room with drapes and slipcovered chairs; and a bedroom with shams, duvets, dustruffles, and window treatments, as well as: a bathroom with a shower curtain and towels hip and funky tote bags the perfect little black dress Complete with lists of quick fix-it tools, sewing fundamentals, and sewing resources, Sewing For Dummies, 2nd Edition, is the fun and easy way® to get the basics and stitch up a storm in no time!
 id : 249365 ISBN : 0892967390  | name : The Mysterious Press Anniversary Anthology  |  description : Collects eighteen mystery and suspense stories chosen by The Mysterious Press, including works by Donald E. Westlake, Marcia Muller, Archer Mayor, and M.C. Beaton.
 id : 249366 ISBN : 0966329279  | name : Dr. Pete's Eating for a Healthy Heart  |  description : Eating the heart healthy way is a key factor in quality of life and longevity. A strong family history of heart disease has prompted Dr. Pete to combine his love for the culinary arts and his medical degree into an evanescent fight to reduce cardiovascular disease through prevention and proper cardiac nutrition! This unique book includes over one-hundred, 100% vegan, heart healthy recipes that you won't find anywhere else. Not tasteless veggie dishes -- but food you would find in the most elegant of restaurants -- extraordinarily tasty, easy to prepare, beautifully served, and totally good for you. Also included is a guide for living and eating the heart healthy way!
 id : 249367 ISBN : 1400061105  | name : The Philosopher's Dog  |  description : A comprehensive study of humanity's attitudes toward animals poses provocative questions about inconsistent feelings about domestic and wild animals, describing the author's own relationships with family pets while drawing on the ideas of such figures as J. M. Coetzee, Socrates, and Descartes. 17,500 first printing.
 id : 249368 ISBN : 0373227922  | name : A Dangerous Inheritance  |  description : HER INHERITANCE CAME WITH AN ENIGMATIC STRANGER A powerful storm delivered heiress Stacy Ashford into the iron-hard embrace of a shadowy stranger, a man as rough-hewn as the craggy Colorado mountains. But their meeting seemed more fate than chance. Gaining her inheritance depended on Stacy's rebuilding the eerie hotel where Josh Spencer's sister had died. And though she shouldn't trust Josh's motives for helping her, his commanding presence kept her strong when someone-or something-tried to scare her off. Then the incidents turned deadly ... She was Josh's means to end the search for his sist.
 id : 249369 ISBN : 1565846621  | name : The Fifth Act  |  description : The scripts of award-winning film director Ingmar Bergman have been among the most important documents in film history. Though his vision in such films as Wild Strawberries and The Seventh Seal has shaped our thinking about the cinema, none of his most recent films have been shown in U.S. theaters. This book brings to English readers for the first time some of the finest creations of Bergman's mature years. In these three scenarios of extraordinary frankness, even rawness, Bergman shows his tender yet realistic views on the world of theater, cinema, and acting, culminating with In the Presence of a Clown, where he returns to the character of his Uncle Carl, an irrepressible inventor who comes up with an early version of the talking film. These most recent scripts, in effect Bergman's own fifth act, add an important and moving chapter to his life work. A preface contextualizing the scripts within Bergman's oeuvre has been added by Lasse Bergstrom, a noted Swedish film critic as well as the publisher of Bergman's work in Sweden.
 id : 249370 ISBN : 2253146501  | name : Le sang des rois  |  description : Sur l'île de Chypre, à l'appel du roi Saint Louis, les chevaliers se rassemblent en vue de la septième croisade. C'est alors que surgissent, capturés par les Templiers sur une galère pirate, Roç et Yeza, le frère et la soeur, rescapés du massacre des Cathares à Montségur. Dans leurs veines coulerait, dit-on, le sang de Jésus-Christ... Ainsi commence une course-poursuite à travers tout le Moyen-Orient. Emissaires de la papauté et du Saint Empire, serviteurs de Charles d'Anjou, le frère du roi de France, aussi bien que Sarrasins et séides du " Vieux de la Montagne ", veulent s'emparer des deux adolescents, susceptibles, si leur sang se mêlait à celui des fils de Mahomet, de réconcilier les deux grands monothéismes. Dans le prolongement direct des Enfants du Graal, Peter Berling nous conte une fabuleuse aventure où l'imagination la plus puissante enrichit sans la déformer une histoire dont il connaît tous les enjeux : celle de l'Occident et de son choc multiséculaire avec le monde arabe et l'Islam.
 id : 249371 ISBN : 8408046756  | name : El Papa rojo  |  description : Sería un mal servicio al lector. Desvelar el argumento de El Papa rojo (La gloria del olivo), al igual que sucede con los Caballos de Troya y La rebelión de Lucifer, se nos antoja un sacrilegio. No busque en estas líneas un resumen del libro que -aparentemente por casualidad- ha caído en sus manos. De lo que no hay duda es de que el autor -fiel a su peculiar estilo- llegó a arriesgar su propia integridad física, provocando su detención por la policía de Roma..., por exigencias del guión. Y una última observación.
 id : 249372 ISBN : 848076323X  | name : Curso completo de dibujo  |  description : Es, como su nombre lo indica, un estudio sobre el arte de hacer dibujos; pero además es un manual de referencia obligada para artistas de todos los niveles. El curso de iniciación, comprende siete lecciones con proyectos que le enseñarán las técnicas básicas de este arte, además de un apartado de autocrítica para que pueda descubrir sus errores. Con respecto a temas y tratamientos del dibujo, se incluyen nueve lecciones que le ayudarán a desarrollar su propio estilo. Este texto le entrega diferentes interpretaciones y manifestaciones del dibujo: a través de ocho lecciones, dedicadas a la experimentación de diferentes técnicas y formas de trabajar; se analiza en cada una de ellas, una obra maestra clásica o contemporánea. Finalmente, los medios y métodos de trabajo se exponen con demostraciones detalladas de las técnicas tradicionales y de las técnicas experimentales desarrolladas con todos los medios de dibujo.
 id : 249373 ISBN : 9506440298  | name : Fahrenheit 451  |  description : Fahrenheit 451 ofrece la historia de un sombrio y horroroso futuro. Montag, el protagonista, pertenece a una extrana brigada de bomberos cuya mision, paradojicamente, no es la de sofocar incendios sino la de provocarlos, para quemar libros. Porque en el pais de Montag esta terminantemente prohibido leer.Porque leer obliga a pensar, y en el pais de Montag esta prohibido pensar. Porque leer impide ser ingenuamente feliz, y en el pais de Montag hay que ser feliz a la fuerza...
 id : 249381 ISBN : 0670030716  | name : The Emperor's Babe  |  description : Blending poetry, fiction, history, and myth, a glorious new spin on a classic story is set in Londinium, Britannia, A.D. 211 and follows Zuleika, who is forced to marry a rich Roman senator at the age of eleven, as she, several years after their marriage, embarks on a torrid affair with visiting Roman emperor Septimus Severus. Reprint. 15,000 first printing.
 id : 249383 ISBN : 0312855184  | name : Ring of Swords  |  description : Searching for a worthy foe to conquer, a warlike alien race encounters humankind, leading to years of skirmishing that might be solved by diplomacy, except that there is a human traitor among the aliens. By the author of A Woman of the Iron People.
 id : 249385 ISBN : 0701120150  | name : The Sacred and Profane Love Machine  |  description : This is a story of different loves; and of how a man may need two women in such a way that he can be happy with neither. Sacred and profane love are related opposites; the one enjoyed renders the other necessary, so that the ever unsatisfied heart swings constantly to and fro.
 id : 249386 ISBN : 0811214524  | name : A Heart So White  |  description : Newly married Juan Ranz digs into his family's troubled past beginning with the suicide of his father's first wife, Juan's aunt, and finds parallels in his relationships marked by miscommunication and the need for human contact.
 id : 249391 ISBN : 0805069194  | name : Among the Bears  |  description : A first-person account of wild bear behavior that is both a thrilling animal story and a groundbreaking work of science. In the spring of 1993, Ben Kilham, a naturalist who lives in the woodlands of New Hampshire, began raising a pair of orphaned wild black bears. The experience changed his life. While spending thousands of hours with the cubs, Kilham discovered unknown facets of bear behavior that have radically revised our understanding of animal behavior. Now widely recognized for his contributions to wildlife science, Kilham reveals that bears are altruistic and cooperate with unrelated, even unknown individuals, while our closer relatives, the supposedly more highly evolved chimps, cooperate only within troops of recognizable members. Kilham, who turned a disability, dyslexia, to his advantage as a naturalist, offers fascinating insights into the emotional life of bears. His work-which has been featured in several National Geographic television specials-also illustrates the powerful black bear intelligence that has survived bounties and overhunting to make them North America's dominant omnivore, familiar to every reader. Beyond the natural history, he introduces individual bears who become enthralling and memorable characters. As in the bestselling books by Jane Goodall and Dian Fossey, Among the Bears explores the breaking down of mutual suspicion and building up of trust between species, with its hopeful implications for the shared future of humans and animals in the wild.
 id : 249397 ISBN : 1594480206  | name : Beijing Doll  |  description : Banned in China for its candid exploration of a young girl's sexual awakening, this headline-making autobiographical novel cuts a daring path through China's rock-and-roll subculture.
 id : 249398 ISBN : 1583140565  | name : Harvest Moon  |  description : Aaron plans vengeance against his late father by seducing his third wife. Soon, Regina finds herself drawn to Aaron and succumbs to his seduction. Then Aaron leaves her, alone and pregnant. But Regina tracks Aaron down. This time he proposes marriage, but she's going to make him prove his devotion.
 id : 249399 ISBN : 1583141960  | name : Truly  |  description : Three of Arabesque's best-loved authors present three stories of Valentine's Day -- a day of hearts taken by surprise, and promises forever kept.
 id : 249400 ISBN : 0449148939  | name : Killjoy  |  description : When a gifted and beautiful young performer is murdered while rehearsing for her first big show at an arts center, Inspector Stephen Ramsay learns about the girl's ruthless pursuits and finds himself confronted by his first true love. Original.
 id : 249402 ISBN : 3426195690  | name : Ice ship  |  description : Auf einer Insel südlich von Chile wird ein riesiger Meteorit in der Erde entdeckt. Der reiche Sammler Palmer Lloyd will den millionenalten Fund mit Hilfe eines speziellen Transportschiffs an den Behörden vorbei bergen und abtransportieren lassen. Doch im stürmischen Eismeer kommt es zu rätselhaften Unglücksfällen.
 id : 249403 ISBN : 3442066964  | name : Wie ein Hauch von Zauberblüten  |  description : Een West-Duitse arts, werkzaam in Namibië, raakt door zijn relatie met een zwarte verpleegster betrokken bij de vrijheidsstrijd van de zwarte bevolking tegen de Zuid-Afrikaanse bezettingsmacht.
 id : 249404 ISBN : 3442353394  | name : Verliebt, verrückt, verheiratet  |  description : Zugegeben - es war für die 27-jährige Molly Somerville nicht immer leicht, im Schatten ihrer schönen, begabten und erfolgreichen Schwester Phoebe heranzuwachsen. Doch heute ist Molly glücklich und zufrieden mit ihrem chaotischen Loft, ihrem heiß geliebten Pudel und ihrem Ehrgeiz, eine berühmte Kinderbuchautorin zu werden. Gäbe es da nicht diesen groben Klotz Kevin Tucker, einen unverschämt attraktiven, Pudel hassenden und Ferrari fahrenden Football-Star, der ihre Ruhe - und ihre Hormone - empfindlich stört ...
 id : 249405 ISBN : 3442541719  | name : Wachgeküßt  |  description : Alex Gray hat alles, was sich eine Frau von Mitte Zwanzig wünschen kann: einen interessanten Job als Reise-Journalistin, die besten Geschwister der Welt, einen Menge Freundinnen und Max, den sie liebt. Bis sie ihn in flagranti im Bett mit einer anderen Frau erwischt. Kurz entschlossen besinnt sie sich auf die wahrhaft wichtigen Dinge im Leben: Kreditkarte, Friseur, Schokolade - und zwei gute Freundinnen wie Emma und Serena. Sie zieht zu ihnen und will Max endlich vergessen, doch das ist leichter gesagt als getan. Mal sinnt sie auf Rache, mal versinkt sie in ihrem Liebeskummer, bis Emma und Serena die glorreiche Idee haben, zum Gegenangriff überzugehen. Warum nicht einfach die Rollen tauschen und von nun an die Männer leiden lassen? Zum Ansporn schließen die drei Frauen eine Wette ab: Wer in zwei Monaten die meisten Männerherzen bricht, gewinnt ein Essen beim besten Italiener der Stadt. Alex ist von der Idee nicht begeistert. Erstens hat sie von der Liebe und allem was dazu gehört die Nase gestrichen voll, und zweitens ist sie viel zu romantisch. Erst als Max die Worte?Komm zurück. Ich vermisse dich?, mit dem Vorwurf?Wer kauft ein, putzt, kocht und bügelt, wenn du nicht da bist?? unterlegt, freundet auch Alex sich mit dem Gedanken an, diesem herzlosen Geschlecht eine Lektion zu erteilen. Die Wette mit Emma und Serena ist schon fast verloren, da setzt Alex auf einer Geschäftsreise noch einmal alles auf eine Karte. Prompt wird aus ihrem ersten Abenteuer eine wunderbare Liebesnacht. Das böse Erwachen kommt zwei Tage später im Büro: Alex? neuer Chef heißt Jake Daniels und hat eine fatale Ähnlichkeit mit dem Mann, dem sie zwei Nächte zuvor einen Haufen Lügen aufgetischt hat. Schließlich wollte sie sich nie und nimmer verlieben, und schon gar nicht in einen gutaussehenden, charmanten Mann. Alex hat ein nun Riesenproblem. Denn so abgebrüht, wie sie Jake gegenüber getan hat, ist sie mitnichten ...
 id : 249419 ISBN : 3552049819  | name : Der Chronist der Winde  |  description : Ein Roman über das Leben der Strassenkinder in Afrika.
 id : 249420 ISBN : 3552051694  | name : Die rote Antilope  |  description : Als der Abenteurer Hans Bengler Ende des 19. Jahrhunderts aus Südafrika zurückkommt, hat er statt des erhofften unbekannten Insekts einen verwaisten Buschmannjungen dabei. Er passt Daniel der weissen Kultur an, der aber leidet unter der Behandlung und träumt von der roten Antilope, die sein Vater einst in den Felsen ritzte.
 id : 249424 ISBN : 0099175525  | name : Protect and Defend  |  description : She was a girl, really, with short red hair and a waif-like slimness. But despite the flowered dress she wore, her belly had begun to show. Immobile, the girl gazed at the clinic as though it were a thousand miles away.'The young woman is Mary Ann Tiern
 id : 249425 ISBN : 8466303359  | name : Hasta El Cielo  |  description : Heather's life is about to change forever. His name is Joe; he wears a leather jacket and rides a spectacular Harley. Whenever he speaks, his eyes shine with divine wisdom. At first, Heather fears giving in to him, but in the end, she learns the most important truth: happiness is not a right, but our own obligation. Dios vuelve en una Harley proposes a path towards joy through kindness and humor. In this sequel, Hasta el cielo shows us that there are no universal rules: each one of us has their own path.
 id : 249427 ISBN : 0060081759  | name : Queen of Christmas  |  description : Although Ann Estelle focuses on her wish list as Christmas approaches, her best memories have little to do with the presents she receives.
 id : 249428 ISBN : 0307420175  | name : Step by Step Decoupage  |  description : An introduction to the art of creative decoupage, illustrated in full color.
 id : 249429 ISBN : 0316088668  | name : Autumn from the Heart of the Home  |  description : A tribute to the fall in the spirit of The Summer Book features simple recipes, decorating suggestions, and gift ideas inspired by the season, in a brightly illustrated guide that includes tips on celebrating Halloween and Thanksgiving.
 id : 249431 ISBN : 0517539586  | name : Shadows on the Sceptered Isle  |  description : Traveling with Michael Grandville, her former lover, to Thorn Hill Manor, the site of an archaeological dig, Elizabeth is threatened both by Michael's emotional demands and by the strange occurrences that begin almost as soon as they arrive
 id : 249432 ISBN : 0517556715  | name : Teddy Bears' Christmas  |  description : Poems and photographs bring the teddy bears' celebration of Christmas to us, revealing their preparations, Santa's visit, and their enjoyment of the gifts.
 id : 249433 ISBN : 0517570637  | name : The Bears  |  description : Examines the history of teddy bears, their relationship to their owners, and their niche in the world of art.
 id : 249434 ISBN : 0517578581  | name : Victorian Posy Book of Days  |  description : A scented diary from the Penhaligon's stationery line that celebrates the charm and beauty of the English garden.
 id : 249436 ISBN : 0525484612  | name : The Stencil Book  |  description : Photographs by Jan Baldwin.
 id : 249437 ISBN : 0671708317  | name : Guinevere  |  description : Surrounded by traitors, trapped by destiny, Britain's spirited Queen Guinevere recounts the last, dramatic years of Camelot.
 id : 249439 ISBN : 0688100163  | name : Country Bears  |  description : Who hasn't been comforted by a well-worn, much-adored teddy bear? Here is practical advice on collecting, dressing, displaying, and caring for bears, together with quotes from famous bear lovers. Also includes an extensive resource section listing artisans, magazines, books, and annual fairs and contests for these huggable companions. Photographs and illustrations.
 id : 249440 ISBN : 0688159311  | name : Victoria, the Heart of England  |  description : A journey od discovery.
 id : 249441 ISBN : 0696019957  | name : Heritage of America Cookbook  |  description : Recipes for America's favourite foods with historical details.
 id : 249442 ISBN : 0696209578  | name : Santa Claus collection  |  description : "For generations, Santa Claus has inspired smiles, wishes, and wonderment. Now he inspires this collection of heartwarming stories and creative traditions. From the people who helped form Santa's image to the collectors and artisans who cherish and shape his likeness today, you'll understand why Santa is so special."--Page 4 of cover
 id : 249443 ISBN : 0696211378  | name : Better Homes and Gardens  |  description : Have fun with holiday decorating and entertaining. Packed with more than 100 decorating and gift ideas, it shows you how to use what you have to create fresh, festive looks and how to craft gifts with a handmade touch. More than 75 taste-tested recipes, along with table decorating ideas and party-planning tips, make entertaining a pleasure. You'll enjoy the holidays more than ever!
 id : 249444 ISBN : 0720718856  | name : Martin Leman's Teddy Bears  |  description : From one of the world's best-known native painters, here is an inspired collection of full-color photographs of more than 40 of the cutest, most unusual teddy bears this side of Winnie the Pooh.
 id : 249445 ISBN : 0736905111  | name : Tea with Victoria Rose  |  description : Step into the enchanting world of Holly Pond Hill, created by popular watercolor artist Susan Wheeler. Tea with Victoria Rose is the first in a new line of delightful gift books designed to accompany the successful greeting cards, gift collections, home decor, tins, candles, puzzles, fabric, throws, nursery ensembles, nightlights, ornaments, jewelry, and other creative products featuring the genteel world of Holly Pond Hill. Here the love of family and friends is cherished above all worldly possessions and Victoria Rose rejoices as she shares the quiet, reflective side of tea with friends. Brimming with secrets on the art of taking tea, mouthwatering teatime recipes, and stories of the imaginative life of Holly Pond Hill, Tea with Victoria Rose is certain to brighten anyone's day.
 id : 249446 ISBN : 0801985064  | name : Stamping Made Easy  |  description : The best book for rubber-stamping basics: in-depth details on types of stamps; comprehensive outline of techniques; illustrated demonstrations of practical applications; hundreds of ideas for you to expand on; projects for yourself or your children.
 id : 249447 ISBN : 0806903600  | name : Stencilling  |  description : Demonstrates how to stencil objects, walls, and rooms, offers advice on color selection, and shows how to make stencils
 id : 249448 ISBN : 0809467623  | name : Country Quilts  |  description : Shows a variety of traditional American quilts and tells how to buy, display, and store quilts
 id : 249449 ISBN : 0810932067  | name : Discovering American Folk Art  |  description : Provides an introduction to American crafts from colonial times to the present by showing examples of items used in play, the kitchen, and school from the collection of the Museum of Folk Art
 id : 249451 ISBN : 0836222997  | name : Home Is Where the Heart Is  |  description : The warmth and whimsy of Mary Engelbreit's work is even better when shared with a friend -- and Mary's gift books from Andrews McMeel Publishing are the perfect way to spread the joy. This hot-selling line of 17 gift books includes titles covering friendship, marriage, birthdays, motherhood, and more.
 id : 249452 ISBN : 0836227700  | name : Time for Tea with Mary Engelbreit  |  description : Mary and her friends share tea party themes, Mary's personal teapot and cup collection, tips for spotting tea accoutrements at flea markets, the many varieties of tea, and suggestions for pairing teas with different foods.
 id : 249454 ISBN : 0836252039  | name : This Woman Deserves a Party  |  description : Life doles out certain universal experiences. Mary Engelbreit has charmed millions of people with her ability to capture those moments in her art and communicate the feelings that accompany them.
 id : 249456 ISBN : 0847821730  | name : Villages of England  |  description : Across the expanse of England, picturesque, historic villages survive almost untouched by the unrelenting hand of progress. The vibrant photographs in these pages capture the essence of village England, from the somber drama of the Yorkshire Dales to the honey-toned limestone buildings of the Cotswolds. Cottages, churches, and pubs are steeped in history, revealing fascinating details about the lives and traditions of villagers as long ago as the eleventh-century Norman's. Chapters based on ways of life show how industrial villages and coastal villages formed, and how village greens had many duties as the center of public life. Villages of England captures the perfect vistas and telling historical details of each location, for a delightful tour of rarely-seen countryside.
 id : 249460 ISBN : 0875884520  | name : Gallery of Teddy Bears  |  description : Photo album for teddy bear collectors features award winning Canadian teddy bear artists and their creations in rich color! Linda Hartman imparts to the teddy bear enthusiast her extraordinary foresight of the best from these talented artists. Lovers of teddies will be charmed by the charismatic Northern teddies!
 id : 249461 ISBN : 0882666827  | name : The Stencilling Workbook  |  description : Complete step-by-step directions and patterns for over 50 projects for stencilling.
 id : 249462 ISBN : 0882669354  | name : Country Tea Parties  |  description : From small, intimate get-togethers to large social events, tea is the perfect excuse for delightful parties of all kinds. And whether you are looking for traditional menus and advice on teas and tea accoutrements, or you want to host a unique party filled with special, unforgettable touches, Country Tea Parties teems with interesting, creative, and eminently doable ideas and recipes to fit any occasion. In this useful and comprehensive menu-cookbook, Maggie Stuckey provides complete plans for twelve tea parties - one each month - along with dozens of novel suggestions for entertaining small groups or large. Throughout the book, Carolyn Bucha's colorful illustrations set a mood of country elegance.
 id : 249463 ISBN : 0892816546  | name : The Sacred World of the Celts  |  description : Looks at the history and influences of ancient Celtic religion, including its high regard of women, the bardic tradition, and the pagan calendar, as well as its current revival
 id : 249465 ISBN : 0914697692  | name : The New Gardener  |  description : Includes creating and gardening basics.
 id : 249468 ISBN : 0934672660  | name : Decorative Arts of the Amish of Lancaster County  |  description : What do Amish dolls, textiles, and antique furniture have in common with Amish quilts? Why has Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, become a favorite area for folk art collectors? Two leading experts show how the values of the Lancaster Amish are reflected in a dazzling variety of decorative arts. "The volume is important because it is the first to illustrate and document late 19th- to 20th-century Amish arts and crafts and to attribute particular items to a craftsperson." -- The Philadelphia Inquirer Two leading experts show how the values of the Lancaster Amish are reflected in a dazzling variety of decorative arts.
 id : 249469 ISBN : 096558027X  | name : Slaves in the Family  |  description : Journalist Ball confronts the legacy of his family's slave-owning past, uncovering the story of the people, both black and white, who lived and worked on the Balls' South Carolina plantations. It is an unprecedented family record that reveals how the painful legacy of slavery continues to endure in America's collective memory and experience. Ball, a descendant of one of the largest slave-owning families in the South, discovered that his ancestors owned 25 plantations, worked by nearly 4,000 slaves. Through meticulous research and by interviewing scattered relatives, Ball contacted some 100,000 African-Americans who are all descendants of Ball slaves. In intimate conversations with them, he garnered information, hard words, and devastating family stories of precisely what it means to be enslaved. He found that the family plantation owners were far from benevolent patriarchs; instead there is a dark history of exploitation, interbreeding, and extreme violence.--From publisher description.
 id : 249470 ISBN : 1556704879  | name : Eros  |  description : "In Eros, the subtle and profound nuances of the erotic nature of relationships between men and women are explored through a collection of black-and-white photographs that are coupled with inspired, passionate words. Among the photographers whose visions comprise this volume are some of the great masters - Brassai, Imogen Cunningham, Horst, Man Ray, Minor White, Edward Weston - as well as many celebrated contemporary artists - Manuel Alvarez Bravo, Hiro, Annie Leibovitz, Robert Mapplethorpe, Duane Michals, Helmut Newton, and Albert Watson, among others. Deeply involved as they are with the relationship between seeing and feeling, their images take us on a rich visual journey ranging from the eloquent beauty of the human form to the complexity of body language motivated by desire." "This compendium of expressive photographs is accented with a variety of literary selections drawn from the work of writers such as Margaret Atwood, Siv Cedering, John Cleland, E. E. Cummings, Michael Fried, Robert Graves, Erica Jong, D. H. Lawrence, Henry Miller, Anais Nin, Carson Reed, Dylan Thomas, and Walt Whitman. Embracing the spectrum of the erotic experience - from quiet intimacy and meditation to frank lust and reckless abandon - their words highlight the power of Eros not only to thrill and delight but also to uplift and transform."--BOOK JACKET.Title Summary field provided by Blackwell North America, Inc. All Rights Reserved
 id : 249471 ISBN : 1558703861  | name : The Teddy Bear Sourcebook for Collectors and Artists  |  description : With its 800-plus listings, this is the most complete treasury of bear information ever stuffed between covers. Teddy bear collectors and artists will turn here whenever they need to find retailers who sell bears by mail order, sellers of bear-making supplies, and much more. The book is alphabetized and cross-referenced, making it easy to use. Illustrations.
 id : 249472 ISBN : 1564583023  | name : The Teddy Bear Encyclopedia  |  description : Color photographs of more than 500 teddy bears from collections around the world, the history of famous teddy bear manufacturers, step-by-step instructions for bear care and repair, and other buying and collecting information.
 id : 249473 ISBN : 1565075404  | name : Beyond the Garden Gate  |  description : Renowned artist Thomas Kinkade's Lighted Path Collection invites readers on a visual journey into more than 20 enchanting and softly colored gardens. Gentle blossoms, babbling brooks and latticed gazebos promise refreshment of the spirit. Quotations from favorite authors such as Jane Austen, Elizabeth Barrett Browning, and John Donne further entice us to venture beyond the garden gate in this lovely gift book.
 id : 249474 ISBN : 1565076915  | name : With a Cup of Tea  |  description : Readers can cherish those special times with the gift collection "With a Cup of Tea" and open their hearts to the soothing ritual of teatime, a time-honored tradition that invites quiet reflection and unites friends for sharing and conversation. Beautiful illustrations of delicate china cups and heirloom silver spoons remind readers to slow down, relax and enjoy quiet respite over an aromatic cup of warm tea.
 id : 249475 ISBN : 1567991912  | name : The Decorative Workshop  |  description : A step by step guide to decoupage.
 id : 249476 ISBN : 1567996884  | name : The Country Cupboard  |  description : Country kitchens are inviting places where families gather, and delicious meals are whipped up. Imbue your kitchen with this special charm by using quick decorating tips that focus on French, English, or American country styles. Store utensils, food staples, and other essentials so that they are attractive as well as accessible. Have a well-stocked pantry with all the essentials. You'll learn every secret from putting together a bouquet garni to brewing a perfect pot of tea.
 id : 249477 ISBN : 1567997082  | name : The English Country Cottage  |  description : What could be more quintessentially cozy than the English cottage, the prototypical country home? From the romantic thatched-roof cottage to the converted barn, the English country home represents the relaxed charm of country style at its best. This gorgeous book presents a collection of lovely English country homes, with style writer Sally Griffiths revealing the details that make each home so splendid:
 id : 249479 ISBN : 1581803435  | name : Collage Discovery Workshop  |  description : Presents more than a dozen techniques and step-by-step instructions for different collage projects--including tin refrigerator magnets, a heritage collage, miniature candy tin assemblages, and shadowboxes.
 id : 249480 ISBN : 1592280099  | name : The Quotable Lover  |  description : Warm, wise, wistful, and witty quotations on love.
 id : 249481 ISBN : 1592400647  | name : Jim Morrison  |  description : Draws on unpublished journals as well as original interviews to cover the musician's life and work, in a portrait that includes discussions of Morrison's military upbringing, emergence as a rock icon, and mysterious death.
 id : 249482 ISBN : 1856975479  | name : Castles  |  description : Intricate and meticulous illustrations bring history to life in this wide-ranging castle tour that covers both the majestic splendour of the great halls and the hardships of living in a feudal society - from the building of a castle to shopping in a medieval marketplace. A magnificent 8-page gatefold opens up to a cutaway view of the castle -- both inside and out -- and lets viewers get an up-close view of all the rooms and people going about their everyday tasks. Includes an illustrated glossary and index.
 id : 249483 ISBN : 1856978885  | name : The Little Book of Prayers  |  description : A collection of familiar and less well-known prayers and poems from a variety of sources: Christian, Jewish, Muslim, and Buddhist.
 id : 249484 ISBN : 1858333857  | name : The Container Gardening Encyclopedia  |  description : Creative gardening in pots, tubs, troughs, and baskets.
 id : 249485 ISBN : 1879431068  | name : The Ultimate Teddy Bear Book  |  description : Shows and describes a variety of collector bears, explains how teddy bears are constructed, preserved, and restored, and looks at famous bears
 id : 249486 ISBN : 1903035058  | name : Merlin  |  description : The fascination of Merlin, King Arthur's magician, recorded in legend and literature, is here considered by Geoffrey Ashe in this academic study. This text also comes in a smaller size (210 x 240mm) at #2.99.
 id : 249489 ISBN : 0805041176  | name : No Brakes  |  description : An American woman enters a vintage car rally in Northern Ireland--a race over rough country roads where armed patrols shoot to kill--as the co-driver and navigator to an attractive narcissist many years her junior.
 id : 249491 ISBN : 1895636078  | name : Monday Night Man  |  description : Finalist, City of Vancouver Book Award Monday Night Man is a back alley view of East Vancouver netherworlds. Horst Nunn, Ray Bunce, and Boyle Rupp are a trio of middle-aged, underemployed, intelligent ""plungers"" striving for redemption through humour and long shots at the track. Praise for Monday Night Man: ""These stories ... combine the flavours of Dickens and Charles Bukowski, with a good hit of The Three Stooges thrown in."" (Bruce Serafin, founder, Vancouver Review) ""Buday is a careful stylist; his language is clean and carefully plotted, his dialogue quick and convincing."" (Kevin C
 id : 249493 ISBN : 0030474817  | name : Perfect End  |  description : A devastating typhoon and a mystifying concatenation of Chinese mythological symbols plague Harry Feiffer and his crew from a run-down Hong Kong precinct station, as they pursue the murderer of six officers from a nearby precinct
 id : 249495 ISBN : 039914093X  | name : Bone Deep  |  description : A serial killer seduces teenagers and au pair girls in a quiet Connecticut suburb, murders them during sex, and separates then bone by bone, and FBI agent John Becker and Police Chief Terence "Tee" Terhune must stop him
 id : 249496 ISBN : 067083341X  | name : Cosmetic Effects  |  description : Happily married to Sophie, a successful travel agent, film lecturer Jonah Isaacson has his life turned upside down when he has an affair with Stella, a makeup artist who literally turns him into a human time bomb with an airline ticket to Jerusalem
 id : 249497 ISBN : 0316177903  | name : Tactics  |  description : Examinations of more than fifty successful individuals indicates the ways in which the successful arrive at solutions to difficult problems and suggests that nontraditional and nonsequential thinking may lead to startling solutions
 id : 249498 ISBN : 0330362739  | name : One Dead Seagull  |  description : Novel for teenagers. Wayne is going through a tough time. His parents have split up acrimoniously, the girl he's in love with loves someone else, and his best mate is a health hazard. However, he's determined not to let it interfere with living. This is the author's first novel.
 id : 249499 ISBN : 0006470599  | name : Road to Rowanbrae  |  description : Set in Aberdeenshire, this book sweeps from the early years of this century to the 1990s. Mysie Lonie was 16 when her drunken father sold her for #30 as wife to an ugly, middle-aged man. Mysie bore two sons - Jamie and Sandy - and as the two grew up Mysie discovers love in an unexpected place.
 id : 249501 ISBN : 0140261230  | name : All that Glitters  |  description : This is an account of the fall of the House of Baring. Financial Times journalists John Gapper and Nicholas Denton have interviewed all the major players involved in the collapse of one of England's oldest banks. This book reveals the faustian deal struck between the whizz-kid traders who seemed to be bringing in huge profits and the grandies who were happy to pocket them without asking too many questions. For the first time, the actions and motives of all the participants are explained, including the final days when politicians and bankers made a last-ditch attempt to save the bank, as well as Nick Leeson's actions and motives.
 id : 249503 ISBN : 0330353942  | name : Life After Death  |  description : By the author of “ Jesus: the Evidence” . This book investigates the question of whether there is life after death, based on real-life experiences. It explores aspects of the near-death experience, such as the floating “ out of body” and the “ going back” to physical life.
 id : 249504 ISBN : 0333683668  | name : The Miller's Daughter  |  description : Harry Forrest was desperate to have a son to take over his thriving Lincolnshire Mill, but Emma is his only child. Forced into a loveless marriage, Emma is determined that one day she will prove to her father that she is his rightful heir.
 id : 249506 ISBN : 0340666080  | name : Not a Bird Will Sing  |  description : Set on a 19th century farm in rural Lancashire near Liverpool, this heartwarming saga is the story of Poppy Appleton, a girl who grew up in ignorance and poverty but has been adopted by a prosperous farmer's wife. At Long Reach farm, Eliza Goodall teaches Poppy all the skills she would have passed on to her own daughter: the skills that would enable a young lady to become the mistress of a farm just like Long Reach. And when the time comes for Eliza's son Richard to choose a wife, it seems only natural that he should choose Poppy. But though she feels nothing but affection for Richard and all her new family, the only man for whom she has ever felt love is an Irish boy, Conn MacConnell. And when he returns unexpectedly, Poppy has to choose between loyalty and love.
 id : 249508 ISBN : 0340712686  | name : The Lover  |  description : When Frances married her husband the ten year age gap seemed nothing to worry about. But twenty years later Paul's death in middle age leaves Frances a widow at only forty-three. One life is over. Is there a new one about to begin? It seems so when, as her grief begins to lessen, she meets Daniel, a university lecturer who clearly adores her. But Daniel is only twenty-six, and this time the age gap is bringing with it all sorts of problems...
 id : 249510 ISBN : 0345478959  | name : A Slipping-Down Life  |  description : "Without Anne Tyler, American fiction would be an immeasurably bleaker place." NEWSDAY Evie Decker is a shy, slightly plump teenager, lonely and silent. But her quiet life is shattered when she hears the voice of Drumstrings Casey on the radio and becomes instantly attracted to him. She manages to meet him, bursting out of her lonely shell--and into the attentive gaze of the intangible man who becomes all too real.... "From the Paperback edition.
 id : 249511 ISBN : 0373117116  | name : Beth and the Barbarian  |  description : Beth And The Barbarian by Miranda Lee released on Nov 24, 1994 is available now for purchase.
 id : 249512 ISBN : 0552145661  | name : The Dream Sellers  |  description : The Shawcross family was a strange and unhappy one. Edward Shawcross absented himself as much as possible and kept a red-haired mistress in Tintern Avenue. Alice, his wife, sought solace in chocolate and continually carped at Connie, her beautiful daughter. And Connie and Gilbert, their children, formed an uneasy alliance in the face of their parents' antipathy. Twenty years before, Edward Shawcross had been an impoverished millhand, born in a slum to feckless parents. Overnight his fortunes had changed. To everyone's surprise he had married the plain and awkward daughter of the wealthy Fishwick family. Almost at once the Fishwicks, owners of a lucrative mill and a grand house, went to live abroad leaving Edward in charge of all their business interests. No-one could understand why Edward had suddenly made this leap of fortune. But as the new generation began to grow up, so the truth behind old scandals began to emerge. Then, after many years, the Fishwicks returned and violence swiftly followed. Before Connie and Gilbert could throw off the legacies of the past and build their own lives, there were to be many shocking revelations.
 id : 249513 ISBN : 0552149748  | name : Cookley Green  |  description : When a new school teacher settles in Cookley Green with her young son Sammy, she finds herself neighbours with old Pearl, a former workhouse inmate whose memory goes back to the Great War, when Cookley Green was a village nestling innocently in the Suffolk countryside.
 id : 249518 ISBN : 0708948766  | name : Losing it  |  description : Everyone has something to lose...for Stacey Salton, checkout girl as SavaMart supermarket, it's half her body-weight. She is fat, lonely and depressed, until a dramatic revelation gives her hope that she can change her life--but at what price? A few moments spent chatting at Stacey's till one evening lead Charles Thornton, mild-mannered barrister and family man, to become inextricably involved in her life. His wife, Judy, and their teenage children are left floundering in the chaos that follows. And as Judy begins to fear that Charlie may be losing his mind, she too finds she needs to lose something--something she has kept secret for many years...
 id : 249519 ISBN : 0718826361  | name : Shots  |  description : When her multi-racial street erupts in violence, Sarah finds her friendship with Everton, her neighbor, threatened.
 id : 249522 ISBN : 0747255377  | name : Katie's Kitchen  |  description : When her friend and business partner Edwin Brown dies it seems as if Katherine Carter's own world has ended. Not only has her closest companion been taken from her, she's also lost the successful restaurant they built up together, as well as the comfortable home they shared with her young son. Now all this has been snatched away, for Edwin has left no will and his lecherous brother Gerald presumes he's inherited Katherine along with the house. With little money but full of determination Katherine escapes Gerald's violent advances and takes lodgings in Rotherhithe, with her cook's sister Milly. Despite its poverty, Docklands London is full of hope and friendship and, in helping her new neighbours through their difficulties, Katherine finally begins to tackle her troubled past. But even as she rebuilds her life around the pie-and-mash shop where she works, a terrible shadow is hanging over the country. And little does anyone know the horrors 1914 will unleash ...
 id : 249523 ISBN : 0747271569  | name : Bad Boy Jack  |  description : Unable to cope with raising his children alone, Robert Sullivan abandons them to others, until he has a change of heart and decides to go back for them. But on the way there, he is involved in a horrific accident. Jack and Nancy are placed in the brutal regime of the Galloway Children's Home, where Jack's devotion to his sister and fiery temper land him in more trouble. The children find themselves at the mercy of the corrupt Clive Ennington, who splits them up and sells Nancy off to the highest bidder. Meanwhile Mary, Robert's only love, is forced to seek a new life for herself. She decides to marry Paul Marshall, the handsome owner of a seaside guesthouse but her chance of happiness is threatened by his embittered aunt. As Robert recovers in hospital he is determined to find and reunite his family. But when he realises the terrible consequences of his actions, he begins to wonder if he will ever see Mary and the children again.
 id : 249524 ISBN : 0747402019  | name : Summer Secrets  |  description : A story of three generations of women, the men they are drawn to and why. In particular, it is the story of a young woman, building up her business as a florist and her developing relationships with both a barrister and a journalist.
 id : 249531 ISBN : 1862040443  | name : Colour Therapy  |  description : Colour therapy has been used throughout history in one form or another. This book explains the principles of colour therapy, and provides advice on making creative use of colour in clothing, our surroundings, and in healing.
 id : 249533 ISBN : 0380760142  | name : Cherokee Nights  |  description : Kingfisher Chekote needs a lawyer to help in his effort to bring the railroad to his Cherokee nation, but when he hires Celina Hawthorne, a three-day journey to the courthouse becomes an opportunity for more than legal discussions
 id : 249534 ISBN : 068806051X  | name : Shirley Temple, American Princess  |  description : Chronicles the personal and professional life of the Hollywood child star including Temple's fast fade from the limelight, her work as an American diplomat and crusader against cancer, her first and current marriages, and more
 id : 249535 ISBN : 1558171797  | name : Royal Poinciana  |  description : During the winter of 1896 and 1897 Madeleine Memory, the efficient and tranquil head housekeeper of a Palm Beach hotel for the well-to-do, finds her life drastically altered by a maverick playboy, Harrison St. John Loring
 id : 249543 ISBN : 0739407333  | name : Them Bones  |  description : If only I hadn't kidnapped the dog ... but the ransom paid the mortgage ... Now I seem to be a private eye ... I shouldn't have listened to that ghost ... Meet Sarah Booth Delaney ... an unconventional Southern belle whose knack for uncovering the truth is about to make her the hottest detective in Zinnia, Mississippi ... if it doesn't make her the deadest. No self-respecting lady would allow herself to end up in Sarah Booth's situation. Unwed, unemployed, and over thirty, she's flat broke and about to lose the family plantation. Not to mention being haunted by the ghost of her great-great-grandmother's nanny, who never misses an opportunity to remind her of her sorry state--or to suggest a plan of action, like ransoming her friend's prize pooch to raise some cash. But soon Sarah Booth's walk on the criminal side leads her deeper into unladylike territory, and she's hired to solve a murder. Did gorgeous, landed Hamilton Garrett V really kill his mother twenty years ago? And if so, what is Sarah Booth doing falling for this possible murderer? When she asks one too many questions and a new corpse turns up, she is suddenly a suspect herself ... and Sarah Booth finds that digging up the bones of the past could leave her rolling over in her grave.
 id : 249545 ISBN : 1863251499  | name : Liquid Gold  |  description : Liquid Gold - the most seductively dangerous substance in the history of the cosmos - has just been discovered in the Mocklore Empire. But no sooner does its creator, Mistress Opia, realise its breathtaking capacity to manipulate time than Sparrow, the troll-raised mercenary, steals it away. With the Liquid Gold unleashed, nothing will ever be the same again, certainly not for Kassa Daggersharp, who has been unexpectedly killed by a rampaging trinket. As the Underworld's latest client, Kassa is in a position to notice that something is terribly wrong with the afterlife - and everywhere else. Meanwhile, an escaping Sparrow teams up with Daggar, a profit-scoundrel doing his best to be unscrupulous. But neither are prepared for the repercussions of tampering with the Liquid Gold. The sequel to SPLASHDANCE SILVER has a full complement of dysfunctional gods, dastardly villains and butt-kicking heroines.
 id : 249546 ISBN : 0868194778  | name : Blackrock  |  description : It's Toby Ackland's birthday party down near the surf club -- and that means heaps of grog, drugs and good clean fun. But by the morning, a young girl is dead -- she's been raped and bashed with a rock. Who is responsible? The boys? The girl? Or the whole town? (2 acts, 6 men, 5 women).
 id : 249549 ISBN : 0441168159  | name : Drifter's War  |  description : In this reprint of the third novel featuring space smuggler Pik Lando, Lando and his crew take over an alien drift ship loaded with high-tech machinery. To avoid both the government and the bounty hunters on his tail, Lando speeds into deep space. But the drifter heads for a pre-programmed destination: an unknown planet locked in the middle of a holy war.
 id : 249550 ISBN : 0736911766  | name : A Tackle Box of Fishing Funnies  |  description : Phillips does it again in this hilarious and amazing collection of fish tales, fish jokes, and fish facts, accompanied by 98 tongue-in-cheek fishing illustrations by "Hi and Jinx" creator, Jonny Hawkins.
 id : 249553 ISBN : 3518405519  | name : O Zwei  |  description : Reconstructie van de eerste wetenschappelijke ballonvaart in de stratosfeer, waar de lucht dun en de zuurstof schaars is.
 id : 249560 ISBN : 0776130196  | name : Le bras coupe  |  description : La vengeance de l'Indien dépossédé, à la fin du 19e siècle, au nord de la Gatineau. Il s'agit sans doute du premier roman publié par un Amérindien au Québec. L'auteur est d'origine algonquine. [SDM].
 id : 249561 ISBN : 3404129520  | name : Die Mücke im Bernstein  |  description : Ein edles Schmuckstück - ein Bernsteintropfen, eine Mücke umschließend, vom Meer an die samländische Küste gespült - wird von Geschlecht zu Geschlecht weitervererbt, aber dieses Schmuckstück bringt kein Glück ... Ostpreußen mit seinen schimmernden Küsten, dunklen Wäldern, leuchtenden Seen und goldgelben Weizenfeldern ist der Schauplatz dieses Romans, der sieben Jahrhunderte umfaßt, in denen sich die Geschicke mehrerer Familien erfüllen bis hin zu den tragischen Geschehnissen der jüngeren Vergangenheit.
 id : 249562 ISBN : 015600531X  | name : Blue Sky Dream  |  description : The personal story of a single family reflects the problems of contemporary America, and considers such issues as corporate downsizing, middle class anxiety, white male rage, and the loss of the American dream.
 id : 249563 ISBN : 0446678023  | name : Out of the Night That Covers Me  |  description : John McMillan was only eight years old when his mother died and he was ripped, without warning, from his sheltered world of books and gentility. Now on his aunt's run-down tenant farm in southern Alabama, abused by his alcoholic uncle, and completely bereft, John longs for escape--his only hope for survival. He's about to get his wish in a way no one could ever predict....A twist of fate will bring John to the Bend, a black settlement that has become a refuge for outcasts, where he'll join Tuway, a black man who helps others leave the South and find a new life in Chicago. But neither will be ready for the brutal confrontation about to change their lives, challenge the prejudice of an era, inspire the courage of a people, and most of all, touchingly reveal the secrets of one boy's heart.
 id : 249564 ISBN : 0499903390  | name : Rachel and Her Children  |  description : Argues that homelessness is caused by the lack of low-cost housing, describes the experiences of the homeless, and explains why the current welfare system is inadequate and misdirected
 id : 249565 ISBN : 0684866056  | name : Hill Country  |  description : As she did in her acclaimed, bestselling first book, "True Women, " Windle draws on her grandmother's personal papers and exquisite journal entries to create a compelling portrait of life in Texas over the course of the century.
 id : 249566 ISBN : 080502042X  | name : The Good Samaritan Strikes Again  |  description : A collection of humorous anecdotes discusses worrying, McManus' first kiss, relieving stress through fantasies, and more
 id : 249567 ISBN : 092717605X  | name : "Me 'n Henry"  |  description : A collection of down-home stories about two boys growing up on the old family homestead during the Depression-era in Cochise County. The Henry in the title of the book is Walter's brother and he is along for many of the scrapes and adventures as the stories unfold in a chronological order.
 id : 249568 ISBN : 0064432564  | name : Storm in the Night  |  description : Storm in the night. Thunder like mountains blowing up. Lightning licking the navy-blue sky. Rain streaming down the windows, babbling in the downspouts. And Grandfather? . . . And Thomas? . . . And Ringo, the cat? They were in the dark. Too early to go to bed, and with only flashes of lightning to see by, Thomas and his grandfather happily find themselves re-discovering the half-forgotten scents and sounds of their world, and having a wonderful time learning important, new things about each other in a spirited conversation sparked by darkness. Mary Stolz and Pat Cummings have each brought their unique talents to this lyrical tale about a magical, stormy night and a special relationship.
 id : 249569 ISBN : 078531637X  | name : Little Play a Sound Esmerelda  |  description : Esmeralda and her friends must stay on their toes to keep ahead of Judge Claude Frollo. Press the picture buttons on the Little Play-a-Sound keypad and join Esmeralda as she sends Frollo's soldiers on a merry chase.
 id : 249571 ISBN : 0517687909  | name : Patchwork Quilt Patterns  |  description : Patterns and sewing instructions for more than one hundred traditional American quilts feature detailed block designs and information on lattice strips and borders.
 id : 249572 ISBN : 0688121047  | name : Perfect Mix  |  description : Bread, soup, dessert, and other homemade mixes from your kitchen.
 id : 249573 ISBN : 069602358X  | name : Holiday Scrap Crafts  |  description : Includes patterns and instructions for making Christmas, Valentine's Day, Easter, Halloween, Thanksgiving, and other crafts, and discusses tools and techniques
 id : 249575 ISBN : 0813108381  | name : Aunt Jane of Kentucky  |  description : ""You see, some folks has albums to put folks' pictures in to remember them by, and some folks has a book and lorites down the things that happen every day so they won't forget them; but, honey, these quilts is my albums and my diaries.""Aunt Jane is a fictional character well known for her gentle folk wisdom and her vivid descriptions of a picturesque and almost vanished way of life in the rural South of the last century. Her words recall lavish Sunday dinners, courtships, quilting bees, church meetings, and county fair competitions. Yet Aunt Jane of Kentucky is more than a collection of rem.
 id : 249576 ISBN : 0844226203  | name : Color and Cloth  |  description : The quilt maker's ultimate workbook. This book makes color theory easy to understand and use.
 id : 249579 ISBN : 0934672032  | name : Quilts Among the Plain People  |  description : Describes the role quilts play among the Amish and Mennonites, shows a variety of traditional and contemporary designs, and explains how to make a quilt
 id : 249580 ISBN : 1561481297  | name : Amish Women  |  description : Offers an inside view of Amish women through interviews and conversations with women whom the author has known most of her life.
 id : 249584 ISBN : 0373195370  | name : His Band of Gold  |  description : His Band Of Gold by Melissa McClone released on Jul 25, 2001 is available now for purchase.
 id : 249585 ISBN : 0373652240  | name : Some Kind of Hero  |  description : "Jared Markham isn't looking for love, but he'd sure like a little companionship. Then beautiful Shannon Kramer answers his ad and turns his world upside down. On the run from her obsessive ex-husband, Shannon needs a hero, not a husband. And Jared soon finds himself desperately wanting to be both."--Page 4 of cover.
 id : 249591 ISBN : 0553561553  | name : Hope For The Troubled Heart  |  description : Reach for the happiness that lies beyond hardship and heartache. A lost job, a shaky marriage? Loneliness, frustration, or feelings or failure? A family tragedy or a serious illness? Life is full of tough times that can leave us feeling lost and helpless. But Dr. Billy Graham, who has brought wisdom and inspiration to millions of people around the world wisdom and inspiration to millions of people around the world, shows you how to triumph over pain an uncertainty and discover an inner strength you might otherwise have never known. You'll learn: How to turn the "why" of suffering into the "how" of faith. How to stop resentment and bitterness from stopping you. How failure can groom you for future success. How to store up strength for storms before they break. Prayers as a way of life-a first resort, not a last gasp! Life as a schoolroom for the afterlife. And much more. . .
 id : 249592 ISBN : 0671683101  | name : Shadow on the Trail  |  description : He was a deadly outlaw hellbent on going straight!
 id : 249593 ISBN : 0679423877  | name : Watching My Language  |  description : "The ninth volume of tidbits of stylistic wit and wisdom from a man willing to display his grammar in public. . . . Yet again, readers will find that William Safire's apparently endless capacity to be fascinated by language is highly contagious. " --Kirkus Reviews America's most entertaining language maven is back with more words to live by in his latest exploration of hot catchphrases, syntactical controversies, and other matters of national linguistic importance. Before you scratch that seven-year-itch, you might want to know where it came from. And before someone blurts, "You just don't get it," perhaps you should consult the Pulitzer Prize winning language columnist on the origins of that snappy feminist motto. In Watching My Language, William Safire investigates these questions and many others, including: What language was Bill Clinton speaking when he fumed, "I want to put a fist halfway down their throats with this. . . . I want their teeth on the sidewalk ?" Why is Ukraine no longer the Ukraine? Should there be an insurrection against this usage? Did baseball manager Leo Durocher really say, "Nice guys finish last" ? Who deserves credit for coining the expressions policy wonk, digerati, and Not!? William Safire, a man hip enough to explore the meaning of hip-hop, answers these questions and many more in this witty and enlightening collection. Praise for William Safire "Safire infuses his verbiage with humor, timely examples, and quotes, resulting in mini-essays that are informative and intriguing." --Nashville Banner "Wonderful. . . . Where once stood your seventh-grade English teacher guarding the narrow gates of good usage andcorrect grammar now stands William Safire. . . . His true calling is chasing down first-time uses of a trendy phrase, spotting literary allusions, and most of all, keeping the American language on the straight and narrow. . . . Your old English teacher would approve." --The Dallas Morning News
 id : 249594 ISBN : 0743242432  | name : No Uncertain Terms  |  description : A collection of writings from the "New York Times" column "On Language" which provide observations on grammar, usage, and etymology.
 id : 249596 ISBN : 0886772869  | name : Snow-Eyes  |  description : Snow-Eyes' absent mother returns as a servitor to the goddess Trost and calls her, against her will, to the same service.
 id : 249597 ISBN : 0060810300  | name : Poison in Jest  |  description : Jeff Marle tries to decide which member of Judge Matthew Quayle's unhappy household put poison in the judge's brandy
 id : 249598 ISBN : 0061083895  | name : Liberty Blue  |  description : After spending six years on a sheep ranch, Olivia Vanderhoff had settled happily into her new identity as the owner's niece. But an ambitious detective stirred up trouble when he tracked her down and discovered a beautiful, spirited woman he desperately wanted to call his own.
 id : 249600 ISBN : 0373273576  | name : Shock Waves  |  description : Shock Waves by Jenna Mills released on Mar 25, 2004 is available now for purchase.
 id : 249601 ISBN : 0373290845  | name : The Hidden Heart  |  description : The Hidden Heart by Sharon Schulze released on Sep 24, 1999 is available now for purchase.
 id : 249602 ISBN : 037376359X  | name : Wife with Amnesia  |  description : Wife With Amnesia by Metsy Hingle released on Mar 23, 2001 is available now for purchase.
 id : 249603 ISBN : 0373765991  | name : Between Duty and Desire  |  description : Bound by a promise made to a fallen comrade, retired Marine Brock Armstrong had no choice but to seek out the man's widow. Past conversations and shared letters had given Brock great insight into Callie Newton; he knew her every like and dislike, her every dream ... and her every desire.
 id : 249605 ISBN : 0380753553  | name : The Flying Cross  |  description : Military policeman J.J. Rankin investigates a deadly traitor in an American air squadron during World War I
 id : 249606 ISBN : 0451209192  | name : Midsummer Magic  |  description : First in the Magic Trilogy. A clever, beautiful woman disguises herself as a mousy Scottish lass to keep the notoriously rakish Earl of Rothermere from marrying her, only to find she was chosen for that very reason. After the earl discards her, she sheds her dowdy facade to become London society's brightest star—rousing the ire and igniting the passions of her faithless husband.
 id : 249607 ISBN : 050552368X  | name : Bewitching the Baron  |  description : Valerian knows she'll never marry--the price she pays for having the special gift of healing in her Yorkshire Village. But the new baron of Ravenall desires the exotic beauty and fights to win her trust.
 id : 249611 ISBN : 8420672386  | name : El hombre rebelde  |  description : Testigo moral de la Europa destruida por la Segunda Guerra Mundial, las obras de creación y las reflexiones teóricas de Albert Camus (1913-1960) constituyen el anverso y el reverso de una única indagación en torno a la complejidad y la ambigüedad de la condición humana. EL HOMBRE REBELDE es una ambiciosa exploración del mundo moderno desde la Revolución francesa a la Revolución rusa, pasando por el marqués de Sade, Marx, el anarquismo, Nietzsche, los nihilistas, el terrorismo y el surrealismo. «Dos siglos de rebeldía, metafísica o histórica, se ofrecen precisamente a nuestra reflexión. [ & …] Las páginas siguientes ofrecen una hipótesis que explica, en parte, la dirección y, casi por entero, la desmesura de nuestro tiempo.»
 id : 249612 ISBN : 8430604987  | name : Mira por dónde  |  description : Con una mezcla de ternura, ironía, melancolía, acidez y sentido del humor, el filósofo relata la historia de su vida, o más bien "lo que la vida ha hecho conmigo", como él prefiere describirlo. La primera parte se ocupa de su infancia en San Sebastián, la etapa más feliz de su vida. La segunda recoge sus recuerdos de adolescencia y primera juventud, hasta la muerte de Franco cuando Savater contaba veintiocho años. La tercera parte abarca hasta hoy mismo, y se centra en su compromiso político. El autor se explaya en sus gustos, sus aficiones y sus preferencias. Las lecturas de infancia, las carreras de caballos, los filósofos que siempre le acompañan o los lugares y las personas que ama forman parte de esta historia. En esta obra única, cargada de saber y sentimiento, el autor mira los tramos del camino recorrido, consciente de que uno no lo puede contar todo de sí mismo.
 id : 249613 ISBN : 0760740526  | name : Getting Married  |  description : Here's a guide to making the most of the time between today and the wedding by dividing it into manageable components. As you plan, consider things your mother probably hasn't told you, like Jack and Jill parties and registering online. Fill in checklists to help you find your wedding style, whether traditional, ethnic, special theme, your own production (or eloping). Charts and tips help you establish costs and budgeting. Then come planning the ceremony, with common-sense etiquette on whom to invite, selecting the wedding party, and resolving family tensions. Where to honeymoon? Look over the great list of suggestions together. You really can manage the announcements, engagement parties, rehearsal dinner, and the reception. Finally: plan a peaceful, lovely wedding day, hour by hou
 id : 249617 ISBN : 0070391416  | name : Sun Tzu's Art of War for Traders and Investors  |  description : The classic treatise on waging war has guided military tacticians to victory for more than 2,500 years. Super trader Dean Lundell now applies Sun Tzu's lessons to the art of investing--from designing a personal trading plan, to timely market moves, to gleaning data from a global information network.
 id : 249620 ISBN : 0413544508  | name : The Caucasian Chalk Circle  |  description : With commentary and notes.
 id : 249621 ISBN : 0582418143  | name : The Mosquito Coast  |  description : Allie Fox hates America and everything about the 20th century, so he decides to take his wife and two sons to live a better and simpler life in the Honduran jungle. However, when he starts to go mad, life for his family becomes much more frightening than ever before.
 id : 249622 ISBN : 0736422439  | name : Aladdin  |  description : Just in time for the release of the Platinum Edition DVD, this beautifully illustrated hardcover Read-Aloud Storybook retells the Disney animated classic, Aladdin!
 id : 249623 ISBN : 0810117096  | name : Novel with Cocaine  |  description : A Dostoevskian psychological novel of ideas, Novel with Cocaine explores the interaction between psychology, philosophy, and ideology in its frank portrayal of an adolescent's cocaine addiction. The story relates the formative experiences of Vadim at school and with women before he turns to drug abuse and the philosophical reflections to which it gives rise. Although Ageyev makes little explicit reference to the Revolution, the novel's obsession with addictive forms of thinking finds resonance in the historical background, in which "our inborn feelings of humanity and justice" provoke "the cruelties and satanic transgressions committed in its name.
 id : 249625 ISBN : 158243252X  | name : The Smallest Color  |  description : The thirty-year-old secret about what happened to his older brother haunts Coop Henry, but when cracks begin to form in the family's tight facade, he will be forced to confront the truth. Our secrets can come to define us, and sometimes after lying asleep for a long spell, a secret can awake frantic and hungry. Coop Henry's secret needs attention. His missing brother haunts his life and his life isn't holding up well under the strain. When his mother threatens to hire a detective in one last desperate attempt to discover what has happened to his brother thirty years before, Coop's life begins to come unglued. Not even a glimmer of new love in his life can rescue him. It may be that only his missing brother holds the answers--and that possibility is devastating, to Coop and to nearly everyone in his life.
 id : 249626 ISBN : 1841581410  | name : This Accursed Land  |  description : On the same coast, somewhere, were his other men... What had they found? Where were they? His own party was lodged in the chilled breath of this vast polar wilderness where he wrote: 'The winds have a force so tterrific as to eclipse anything previously known in the world. We have found the kingdom of blizzards. We have come to an accursed land.' Sir Douglas Mawson's epic and tragic journey across 600 miles of unknown Antarctic wasteland has been described by Sir Edmund Hillary as 'the greatest story of lone survival in Antarctic exploration'. This Accursed Land tells the story of how Mawson declined to join Scott's ill-fated British expedition in order to lead the Australasian party and his three man team which set out to explore the far eastern coastline of the Antarctic continent. The loss of one of his men and most of his supplies turned a hazardous trek into a nightmare. Mawson and his colleague, Mertz, were trapped 320 miles from base with only nine days' food and nothing for the dogs. They lived on the journey back by slaughtering their starving animals and eating what is now known to have been poisoned meat. Mawson's ultimate and lone struggle for survival after Mertz's des
 id : 249628 ISBN : 0141312610  | name : Shrek Gag Book  |  description : From Shrek's favorite recipes (ratatouille, vomelets, french flies) to an A to Z glossary of grossness, this hilarious collection will turn readers' stomachs as they turn the pages.
 id : 249631 ISBN : 3423308249  | name : Cosima Wagner  |  description : Wagner, Cosima (1837-1930).
 id : 249633 ISBN : 0061006580  | name : The Vanishment  |  description : Peter and Sarah Clare's idyllic vacation in an old house on the Cornish coast is transformed into a nightmare when an ominous air of menace begins to surround them, Sarah disappears without a trace, and Peter begins to see shadowy figures in the night. Original.
 id : 249634 ISBN : 038542034X  | name : Possessed  |  description : Based on the diary of one of the participants, this chilling account describes the harrowing and bizarre events of the real-life 1949 exorcism that inspired William Peter Blatty's The Exorcist. 35,000 first printing. $35,000 ad/promo. Tour.
 id : 249635 ISBN : 0451517857  | name : Julius Caesar  |  description : "The First Folio of 1623 is the definitive edition of Shakespeare's plays. It is more often than not the closest we can now get to what Shakespeare actually wrote. But the Folio's antiquated typography and cramped layout make it remote and inaccessible to modern eyes. The Shakespeare Folios on the other hand offer easy access directly to the First Folio by presenting the text in modern type but otherwise unchanged. All the First Folio's idiosyncrasies of layout and spelling, even its obvious errors, have been scrupulously left intact, but the text suddenly becomes as easily legible as the script of any modern play." "As an additional aid to understanding, readers will find, printed opposite each page of the Folio, the very same passage in a modern edition. So, whenever the Folio presents a problem, the reader can refer to this parallel text for a solution, either in the text itself or in the set of notes at the end of the book. These notes draw on the long tradition of Shakespearean scholarship and include full reference to surviving Quarto texts."--BOOK JACKET.
 id : 249636 ISBN : 0553209078  | name : High and Outside  |  description : Niki, the star of her school softball team and possessor of the highest SAT scores in her class, is an alcoholic.
 id : 249637 ISBN : 0385502893  | name : The Power of Intuition  |  description : At times in our careers, we've all been aware of a "gut feeling" guiding our decisions. Too often, we dismiss these feelings as "hunches" and therefore untrustworthy. But renowned researcher Gary Klein reveals that, in fact, 90 percent of the critical decisions we make is based on our intuition. In his new book, THE POWER OF INTUITION, Klein shows that intuition, far from being an innate "sixth sense," is a learnable--and essential--skill. Based on interviews with senior executives who make important judgments swiftly, as well as firefighters, emergency medical staff, soldiers, and others who often face decisions with immediate life-and-death implications, Klein demonstrates that the expertise to recognize patterns and other cues that enable us--intuitively--to make the right decisions--is a natural extension of experience. Through a three-tiered process called the "Exceleration Program," Klein provides readers with the tools they need to build the intuitive skills that will help them make tough choices, spot potential problems, manage uncertainty, and size up situations quickly. Klein also shows how to communicate such decisions more effectively, coach others in the art of intuition, and recognize and defend against an overdependence on information technology. The first book to demystify the role of intuition in decision making, THE POWER OF INTUITION is essential reading for those who wish to develop their intuition skills, wherever they are in the organizational hierarchy.
 id : 249640 ISBN : 0590439707  | name : Coast to Coast  |  description : A puzzle-packed adventure through the fifty states.
 id : 249643 ISBN : 2070372995  | name : Bahia de tous les saints  |  description : Dans le Brésil du Nord-est, le picaresque Antonio Balduino incarne la peine et les rêves du peuple noir. Enfant perdu, mauvais garçon, boxeur professionnel, initié des " macumbas ", travailleur sur les plantations de tabac, docker, employé de cirque, Antonio cherche toujours " le chemin de la maison ". Il a des amours - irréelles - avec la blanche Lindinalva et une liaison avec la trépidante Rosenda Roseda. Une grève lui permettra de découvrir ce qu'est la solidarité et donnera un sens à sa vie : la lutte pour la libération.
 id : 249644 ISBN : 2859404821  | name : Coup de lame  |  description : Le livre Huis-clos au large : un paradoxe qui n’en est pas un pour ceux qui connaissent et la mer et les hommes. Mettons tout de suite les choses au point : Coup de lame n’a rien d’un roman « marin ». On a jeté par-dessus bord le vieux lyrisme du type « mer cruelle », pour ne garder que ces six hommes enfermés dans une coque d’acier et qui font leur métier de pêcheurs de thon, à l’extrême pointe du XXe siècle. Ce qui compte ici, ce sont ces six personnages démarrés, et l’époque qui les a pris dans sa nasse et qui ne les lâche plus. Le capitaine en est peut-être à sa dernière campagne. La routine et le confort en ont fait un terrien malgré lui. Air connu : « Faute de destinée, on s’accommode d’une carrière. » Tant et si bien que le bonhomme songe plus à la taille de ses pommiers qu’à la colère des patrons de barque espagnols qui font une ronde menaçante autour de son chalutier ultramoderne. Bah, on n’arrête pas le progrès, se dit-il, songeant à son avenir de vieil homme rangé – cependant que ses hommes remâchent, chacun pour soi, des rêves qui ont un goût plus ou moins prononcé d’amertume. À ceci près que le progrès est un allié sournois, que les hommes font semblant d’avoir la peau dure... et que les coups de lame ne viennent jamais de là où on les attend. L’histoire qu’a nouée ici Marc Trillard, en serrant bien fort les nœuds de son filet, ne concerne pas seulement, on l’aura compris, cette poignée d’hommes affairés à leur métier, quelque part au large de la côte Basque. Cette histoire est aussi bien la nôtre. Et elle fait mal, très mal. L'auteur Marc Trillard, né en 1955, a conquis un vaste public de lecteurs dès la publication de son roman Eldorado 51 (prix Interallié 1994). Ont suivi Tête de cheval (1995), puis Cabotage (1996) – récit de voyage aux îles du Cap Vert.
 id : 249645 ISBN : 0446674656  | name : Comeback  |  description : In a New York Times Notable Book of the Year, Master thief Parker, Liss, and Mackey pull off a million-dollar robbery of a Christian evangelical crusade, only to be double-crossed by their angelic inside man. Reprint.
 id : 249647 ISBN : 0064470814  | name : Out of the Ordinary  |  description : Fifteen-year-old Molly, who lives in a turbulent, single-parent household, is asked by mysterious, otherworldly visitors to protect an enchanted child from great danger.
 id : 249649 ISBN : 0307101142  | name : Busy Timmy  |  description : Depicts the things preschooler Timmy does by himself all day.
 id : 249650 ISBN : 0307580113  | name : Big Bird and Little Bird's Big & Little Book  |  description : Their friendship allows Big Bird to like big things and Little Bird to like little things while they still enjoy each other's company.
 id : 249651 ISBN : 0307681157  | name : The Happy Man and His Dump Truck  |  description : The happy dump truck man gives some farm animals a ride in his truck.
 id : 249652 ISBN : 030768119X  | name : Stevie's Tricycle  |  description : Stevie takes good care of his brand new tricycle which takes him around the neighborhood and allows him to play pretend games.
 id : 249653 ISBN : 0307681203  | name : Martha's House  |  description : Text and illustrations describe the rooms, people, and activities in a little girl's house.
 id : 249654 ISBN : 030768122X  | name : My Book of the Seasons  |  description : Presents some signs of each season--signs to feel, see, hear, smell, and taste.
 id : 249656 ISBN : 0307701042  | name : Golden Book Encyclopedia  |  description : Een bijgewerkte encyclopedie speciaal voor kinderen met kleurrijke foto's en illustraties.
 id : 249660 ISBN : 0440407575  | name : The Rootin' Tootin' Bugle Boy  |  description : With his mother in the hospital, Kenny Bender feels that his whole world is coming down around him, and he cannot get excited about the upcoming Winter Carnival.
 id : 249661 ISBN : 0440845556  | name : Wait Till the Moon is Full  |  description : A collection of children's books on the subject of the moon at night.
 id : 249662 ISBN : 0553154354  | name : The Blue-Nosed Witch  |  description : Trick or treating is a new game for a real little witch.
 id : 249663 ISBN : 059046857X  | name : What's in a Name?  |  description : Includes different kinds of word games.
 id : 249664 ISBN : 0671702939  | name : Self Portrait with Wings  |  description : CHILDREN'S BOOKS/AGES 9-12
 id : 249665 ISBN : 0671827936  | name : Justine  |  description : Byen Alexandria før 2. verdenskrig danner rammen om et kompliceret puslespil af filtrede menneskeskæbner, forretninger, meninger og livsholdninger.
 id : 249666 ISBN : 0688417248  | name : Tuttle's Shell  |  description : When Tuttle the turtle loses his shell, his animal friends help him trick Louis the rat into giving it back.
 id : 249670 ISBN : 0816727899  | name : 102 Out of this World Jokes  |  description : A collection of 102 riddle jokes about outer space, including "Why did the moon refuse to eat lunch? Because it was full."
 id : 249672 ISBN : 0816732183  | name : How to Draw Cartoon Characters  |  description : Instructions for drawing a variety of human figures and animals in cartoon style, accompanied by black and white line drawings.
 id : 249676 ISBN : 0895298074  | name : The Green Tea Book  |  description : Looks at the antioxidant properties of green tea, including its usefulness in preventing cancer, cardiovascular disease, aging, and digestive problems
 id : 249680 ISBN : 0439579449  | name : Here Today  |  description : In 1963, when her flamboyant mother abandons the family to pursue her dream of becoming an actress, eleven-year-old Ellie Dingman takes charge of her younger siblings, while also trying to deal with her outcast status in school and frightening acts of prejudice toward the "misfits" that live on her street. Reader's Guide available.
 id : 249681 ISBN : 0060008954  | name : Dharma Punx  |  description : Fueled by the music of revolution, anger, fear, and despair, we dyed our hair or shaved our heads ... Eating acid like it was candy and chasing speed with cheap vodka, smoking truckloads of weed, all in a vain attempt to get numb and stay numb. This is the story of a young man and a generation of angry youths who rebelled against their parents and the unfulfilled promise of the sixties. As with many self-destructive kids, Noah Levine's search for meaning led him first to punk rock, drugs, drinking, and dissatisfaction. But the search didn't end there. Having clearly seen the uselessness of drugs and violence, Noah looked for positive ways to channel his rebellion against what he saw as the lies of society. Fueled by his anger at so much injustice and suffering, Levine now uses that energy and the practice of Buddhism to awaken his natural wisdom and compassion. While Levine comes to embrace the same spiritual tradition as his father, bestselling author Stephen Levine, he finds his most authentic expression in connecting the seemingly opposed worlds of punk and Buddhism. As Noah Levine delved deeper into Buddhism, he chose not to reject the punk scene, instead integrating the two worlds as a catalyst for transformation. Ultimately, this is an inspiring story about maturing, and how a hostile and lost generation is finally finding its footing. This provocative report takes us deep inside the punk scene and moves from anger, rebellion, and self-destruction, to health, service to others, and genuine spiritual growth.
 id : 249682 ISBN : 0743475135  | name : The Ultimate Halloween  |  description : Short stories--both original and traditional--about the night of October 31st are collected in this volume that features tales from such notable authors as Robert Bloch, H.P. Lovecraft, Edgar Allan Poe, and Anne Rice.
 id : 249684 ISBN : 0691026726  | name : Making the Body Beautiful  |  description : Details the development of plastic surgery of the nose, breasts, and other body parts, and suggests that people seek reconstruction to look like they belong to a more prestigious group
 id : 249685 ISBN : 0425110893  | name : Flight of the Old Dog  |  description : Flight of the Old Dog is the runaway bestseller that launched the phenomenal career of Dale Brown. It is the riveting story of America's military superiority being surpassed as our greatest enemy masters space-to-Earth weapons technology-neutralizing the U.S. arsenal of nuclear missiles. America's only hope: The Old Dog Zero One, a battle-scarred bomber fully renovated with modern hardware-and equipped with the deadliest state-of-the-art armaments known to man
 id : 249686 ISBN : 0863696465  | name : From Cradle to Grave  |  description : Year after year, one after another, the babies of Marybeth Tinning died - nine children in 14 years. Incredibly, neither police nor coroners, doctors, social workers or neighbours suspected anything. The vague verdicts of Sudden Infant Death Syndrome fooled even Marybeth's husband. On 4th February 1986, however, six weeks after the last baby's death, even he had to face the unthinkable - as his wife was charged with their murder. This book tells the story of Marybeth Tinning's children, her arrest and subsequent trial.
 id : 249689 ISBN : 355007171X  | name : Im Tal der Orangen  |  description : Ein schottisches Ehepaar mit 2 Kindern wagt den Neuanfang auf der Sonneninsel. Es erwirbt ein altes Bauernhaus im Landesinneren. Ca' Mayoral ist umgeben von Orangenbäumen, und das Ehepaar hofft, dass es einmal durch den Verkauf der Früchte seinen Lebensunterhalt bestreiten kann. Doch vorläufig gibt es noch etliche Hindernisse zu überwinden. Humorvoller Bericht von der Übersiedlung einer Familie nach Mallorca.
 id : 249691 ISBN : 0800756088  | name : The Messie Motivator  |  description : With the principles in The Messie's Manual 250,000 readers learned to overcome disorderly lives. Sandra Felton builds on those winning principles in The Messie Motivator, a strategic guide to conquering the battle against messiness once and for all.
 id : 249692 ISBN : 0880705825  | name : Jordan's Crossing  |  description : When pastor Jordan Rau accepted a position with a European missions agency, his decision was based on money, not on an opportunity to serve God. However, shortly after his family's arrival in Germany, Jordan's priorities dramatically change - his young son, Chase, has been murdered. Abandoning his faith in God, Jordan becomes obsessed with finding Chase's killers and delivering justice. He sets out on a course of action that will destroy not only the murderers, but his own family as well - and only a miracle can stop him.
 id : 249693 ISBN : 0891096957  | name : Parenting Teens with Love & Logic  |  description : Even those who wait at home are eager to hear all about kindergarten. The animals are in a tizzy; Tommy is missing. The dog says Tommy is gone to a place called kindergarten. ?Where is kindergarten? they exclaim. ?What will happen to Tommy there? Will he ever come back?!? Eventually Tommy bursts into the barn with tales of all he learned in kindergarten. A charming and tender story that's sure to reassure any child heading to kindergarten.
 id : 249695 ISBN : 0061003409  | name : Wyoming  |  description : With cattle rustling on the rise in the cattle town of Randall, Wyoming, newcomers Martha Ann Dixon and Andrew Bonning join the ranchers in their fight to protect their livestock. Reprint.
 id : 249696 ISBN : 0373291922  | name : Call of the White Wolf  |  description : Call Of The White Wolf by Carol Finch released on Dec 25, 2001 is available now for purchase.
 id : 249697 ISBN : 1569870896  | name : Oliver Twist  |  description : Born and brought up in the workhouse, the orphaned Oliver, having run away, encounters the Artful Dodger and thus falls into the hands of Fagin's gang of thieves. Although every effort is made to turn Oliver into an accomplished thief he resists, finding temporary rescue in the form of the benevolent Mr Brownlow. Oliver has many more trials to endure before the redemptive ending.
 id : 249698 ISBN : 1593280084  | name : Footprints of a Pilgrim  |  description : A view of Ruth Bell Graham as provided by her own writings and the commentary of her daughter Gigi Graham Tchividjian.
 id : 249699 ISBN : 0027367800  | name : Up Goes the Skyscraper!  |  description : Follows, in simple text and illustrations, the building of a skyscraper step by step.
 id : 249701 ISBN : 0060097914  | name : Flat Stanley: His Original Adventure!  |  description : In this 50th anniversary edition, join Flat Stanley and the rest of the Lambchop family on the adventure that started it all! Kids love Flat Stanley—even reluctant readers. And for parents and teachers, each Flat Stanley book delivers multicultural adventure, plot and character development story elements, and compare and contrast. When Stanley Lambchop wakes up one morning, his brother, Arthur, is yelling. A bulletin board fell on Stanley during the night, and now he is only half an inch thick! Amazing things begin happening to him. Stanley gets rolled up, mailed, and flown like a kite. He even gets to help catch two dangerous art thieves. He may be flat, but he's a hero. "With lots of pictures and goofy situations, this is a short, delightful story that young readers have loved for generations." (Brightly.com)
 id : 249702 ISBN : 0060183284  | name : O Canada  |  description : Author writes about ten Canadian cities and towns, each representing a different aspect of this unique land and people.
 id : 249704 ISBN : 0060526335  | name : Roxaboxen  |  description : Marian called it Roxaboxen. (She always knew the name of everything.) There across the road, it looked like any rocky hill -- nothing but sand and rocks, some old wooden boxes, cactus and greasewood and thorny ocotillo -- but it was a special place: a sparkling world of jeweled homes, streets edged with the whitest stones, and two ice cream shops. Come with us there, where all you need to gallop fast and free is a long stick and a soaring imagination. In glowing desert hues, artist Barbara Cooney has caught the magic of Alice McLerran's treasured land of Roxaboxen -- a place that really was, and, once you've been there, always is.
 id : 249705 ISBN : 0060526963  | name : The Puppy Who Wanted a Boy  |  description : When Petey the puppy decides that he wants a boy for Christmas, he discovers that he must go out and find one on his own.
 id : 249707 ISBN : 006052913X  | name : 101 Poems That Could Save Your Life  |  description : Prozac has side effects, drinking gives you hangovers, therapy's expensive. For quick and effective relief -- or at least some literary comfort -- from everyday and exceptional problems, try a poem. Over the ages, people have turned to poets as ambassadors of the emotions, because they give voice and definition to our troubles, and by so doing, ease them. No matter how bad things get, poets have been there, too, and they can help you get over the rough spots. This is the first poetry anthology designed expressly for the self-help generation. The poems listed include classics by Emily Dickinson, Lord Byron, Ogden Nash, and Lucretius, to name just a few, along with newer works by such current practitioners as Seamus Heaney and Wendy Cope. This book has a cure or consolation for nearly every affliction, ancient or modern. And no side effects-except pleasure.
 id : 249709 ISBN : 0060656034  | name : Dialogues with Silence  |  description : An intensely personal devotional book from Thomas Merton, the ultimate spiritual writer of our time, showing his contemplative and religious side through his prayers and rarely-seen drawings. The only Merton gift book available. Dialogues with Silence contains a selection of prayers from throughout Merton's life--from his journals, letters, poetry, books--accompanied by all 100 of Merton's rarely seen, delightful Zen-like pen-and-ink drawings, and will attract new readers as well as Merton devotees. There is no other Merton devotional like this, and the paperback edition will be elegantly designed and packaged.
 id : 249710 ISBN : 0060664533  | name : My Inspirational Favorites  |  description : Continuing in the successful style of My Favorite Quotations and My Christmas Treasury, America's preeminent optimist shares the writings that have supported, motivated, and enriched him in this beautiful gift book. Includes excerpts from Benjamin Franklin and Richard Bach; poems by Emerson, Kipling, and Dickinson; plus stories, hymns, prayers, and Bible passages.
 id : 249711 ISBN : 0060926562  | name : The Lost Heart of Asia  |  description : A land of enormous proportions, countless secrets, and incredible history, Central Asia--the heart of the great Mongol empire of Tamerlane, site of the legendary Silk Route and scene of Stalin's cruelest deportations--is a remote and fascinating region. Since the collapse of the Soviet Union and the emergence of newly independent republics, Central Asia--containing the magical cities of Bukhara and Samarkand, and terrain as diverse as the Kazakh steppes, the Karakum desert, and the Pamir mountains--has been in a constant state of transition. The Lost Heart of Asia takes readers into the very heart of this little visited, yet increasingly important region, delivering a rare and moving portrayal of a world in the midst of change.
 id : 249713 ISBN : 006440143X  | name : ...And Now Miguel  |  description : He wanted to be treated like a man, not a child. Every summer the men of the Chavez family go on a long and difficult sheep drive to the mountains. All the men, that is, except for Miguel. All year long, twelve-year-old Miguel tries to prove that he, too, is up to the challenge'that he, too, is up to the challenge'that he, too is ready to take the sheep into his beloved Sangre de Cristo Mountains. When his deeds go unnoticed, he prays to San Ysidro, the saint for farmers everywhere. And his prayer is answered . . . but with devastating consequences. When you act like and adult but get treated like a child, what else can you do but keep your wishes secret and pray that they'll come true. This is the story of a twelve-year-old Miguel Chavez, who yearns in his heart to go with the men of his family on a long and hard sheep drive to the Sangre de Cristo Mountains--until his prayer is finally answered, with a disturbing and dangerous exchange. Cover illustration by Chris Miles Interior illustrations by Jean Charlot
 id : 249714 ISBN : 0064430251  | name : Harold's Trip to the Sky  |  description : Harold travels to the sky with the help of his purple crayon.
 id : 249715 ISBN : 0064433064  | name : The Tub People  |  description : During an unseen child's bath time, the seven members of a wooden toy family ride on the floating soap and compete in swimming races. But after the near loss of the Tub Child down the drain, they are all reunited on a warm bed, where they mountain climb on the ridges formed by soft quilts.
 id : 249717 ISBN : 0064461653  | name : Snakes  |  description : What animal can smell with its tongue, swallow an animal larger than its own head, and grow to be longer than a school bus? A snake! Pound for pound, snakes are among the strongest of animals. Most people fear snakes, but there are only a few that are dangerous to humans. And if snakes were to disappear, the earth would be overrun with rats and rodents. We all must learn to appreciate these awesome reptiles as a vital part of the global balance of nature.
 id : 249718 ISBN : 0070026475  | name : The Story of Vampires  |  description : Presents vampire lore from various parts of the world.
 id : 249721 ISBN : 0140329447  | name : Figgs and Phantoms  |  description : Chronicles the adventures of the unusual Figg family after they left show business and settled in the town of Pineapple.
 id : 249722 ISBN : 0140341463  | name : Henry Reed's Babysitting Service  |  description : Henry Reed has another sure-fire money-making plan--but the kids of Grover's Corner have plans of their own An intelligent person like Henry should have no problem riding herd on the town's toddlers. But Henry's never tangled with such monsters as daredevil Danny, whose stunts keep Henry on his toes--when he's not ducking the toys Danny hurls at his head. There's also Bernice, the amazing disappearing five-year old, the always obnoxious Sebastians, who want in on the fun, and Henry's old friend Midge, able to outwit any fiendish five-year-old.
 id : 249723 ISBN : 0140346740  | name : Cam Jansen and the Mystery of the Dinosaur Bones  |  description : When it is discovered that dinosaur bones are missing from the natural history museum, Cam Jansen--noted for her photographic memory--and her friend Eric search for clues.
 id : 249724 ISBN : 0140378758  | name : Traveling Backward  |  description : Fanny wants her sick grandfather to stay alive forever and Mrs. May's magic potion may do the trick.
 id : 249725 ISBN : 0140387242  | name : Batty Riddles  |  description : A collection of riddles about bats, including "Why did the little bat walk around in his pajamas? He didn't have a bat robe!"
 id : 249726 ISBN : 0140502882  | name : Norman the Doorman  |  description : Originally published: New York: Viking Press, 1959.
 id : 249728 ISBN : 0140542523  | name : Corduroy (Spanish Edition)  |  description : Corduroy, la historia original y favorita de todos en un libro de cartón en español. Corduroy es un osito que en un tiempo vivió en la juguetería de una tienda grande. Día tras día esperaba junto a los otros animales y muñecas que alguien viniera y se lo llevara a casa. One of School Library Journal’s "Top 100 Picture Books" of all time (2012) One of the National Education Association’s "Teachers' Top 100 Books for Children."
 id : 249729 ISBN : 0140542531  | name : El cuento de ferdinando  |  description : The Spanish language translation of the beloved classic The Story of Ferdinand, which is soon to be a major motion picture! Ferdinando es un toro muy especial: en vez de gustarle embestir, bramar y saltar, prefiere observar y oler las flores del campo. Pero un día llegan unos capataces para llevarse los toros de la próxima corrida... ¿Cómo reaccionará Ferdinando? "A lively, simple, and playful translation makes this classic story of the misunderstood bull who'd rather smell flowers than stomp and snort an all-time favorite for sharing in Spanish as well as in English."—Publishers Weekly "This has an irresistible appeal to the sense of the ridiculous . . . The most original and amusing thing Leaf has done."—Kirkus Reviews
 id : 249730 ISBN : 0140546936  | name : Red Riding Hood  |  description : A little girl meets a hungry wolf in the forest on her way to visit her grandmother.
 id : 249731 ISBN : 0140547495  | name : Emma's Pet  |  description : Emma's search for a soft, cuddly pet has a surprising ending.
 id : 249732 ISBN : 0140564349  | name : Make Way for Ducklings  |  description : "Robert McCloskey's unusual and stunning pictures have long been a delight for their fun as well as their spirit of place."—The Horn Book Mrs. Mallard was sure that the pond in the Boston Public Gardens would be a perfect place for her and her eight ducklings to live. The problem was how to get them there through the busy streets of Boston. But with a little help from the Boston police, Mrs. Mallard and Jack, Kack, Lack, Nack, Ouack, Pack, and Quack arive safely at their new home. This brilliantly illustrated, amusingly observed tale of Mallards on the move has won the hearts of generations of readers. Awarded the Caldecott Medal for the most distinguished American picture book for children in 1941, it has since become a favorite of millions. This classic tale of the famous Mallard ducks of Boston is available for the first time in a full-sized paperback edition. Make Way for Ducklings has been described as "one of the merriest picture books ever" (The New York Times). Ideal for reading aloud, this book deserves a place of honor on every child's bookshelf. "This delightful picture book captures the humor and beauty of one special duckling family. ... McClosky's illustrations are brilliant and filled with humor. The details of the ducklings, along with the popular sights of Boston, come across wonderfully. The image of the entire family proudly walking in line is a classic."—The Barnes & Noble Review "The quaint story of the mallard family's search for the perfect place to hatch ducklings. ... For more than fifty years kids have been entertained by this warm and wonderful story."—Children's Literature
 id : 249733 ISBN : 0141303816  | name : Faded Love  |  description : Hank the Cowdog quits his job as head of ranch security and travels in search of adventure and romance.
 id : 249734 ISBN : 0141303824  | name : Let Sleeping Dogs Lie  |  description : Hank the Cowdog, Head of Ranch Security, pursues an elusive chicken murderer.
 id : 249736 ISBN : 0141304227  | name : The Garbage Monster from Outer Space  |  description : Hank the Cowdog is determined to find out who's behind the series of garbage barrel raids for which he is being held responsible.
 id : 249737 ISBN : 0141308141  | name : Into the Dream  |  description : Paul has a recurring nightmare, about a small boy in awful danger. When he learns that his classmate Francine has it, too, the two of them join forces to solve the mystery and save the boy--before their bad dream becomes a terrifying reality."Tightly woven suspense and an ingenious, totally involving plotline make this a thriller of top-notch quality." --Booklist
 id : 249738 ISBN : 0142000574  | name : Never Let a Fool Kiss You or a Kiss Fool You  |  description : What do Mae West, John F. Kennedy, Victor Hugo, and H. L. Mencken have in common? They all indulged in chiasmus-a literary device in which word order is reversed to hilarious or poignant effect. When Mae West said, "It's not the men in my life, it's the life in my men," she was using chiasmus; when John F. Kennedy said, "Ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country," he was doing the same. Dr. Mardy Grothe has compiled hundreds of examples of chiasmus in this whimsically illustrated collection, bringing this witty and thought-provoking device out of obscurity and into the public imagination.
 id : 249740 ISBN : 0152024409  | name : The Seven Silly Eaters  |  description : Peter wants only milk, Lucy won't settle for anything but homemade lemonade, and Jack is stuck on applesauce. Each new addition to the household brings a new demand for a special meal. What's a mother to do? " A] highly comic rhyming romp that surprisingly (and nicely) twists into a birthday story." --School Library Journal
 id : 249742 ISBN : 0156003937  | name : A Fez of the Heart  |  description : The author recounts his adventures traveling through Turkey in search of the history of the fez, using it as a key to understanding the country's history and culture.
 id : 249743 ISBN : 0156007622  | name : The Discovery of Poetry  |  description : Beginning with basic terminology and techniques, Mayes shows how focusing on one aspect of a poem can help you to better understand, appreciate, and enjoy the reading and writing experience.
 id : 249744 ISBN : 015601386X  | name : Der kleine Prinz  |  description : Featuring the format of the bestselling 100th anniversary edition of "The Little Prince", published in 2000, this edition is published in German. Full-color illustrations.
 id : 249745 ISBN : 0156029723  | name : Elsewhere in the Land of Parrots  |  description : Reclusive David Huntington writes rigorously meaningless poetry to great acclaim. But he lives fearfully, sleeping and working with earplugs, rarely going outside, drawing his life more closely around him every day. A wild parrot, a gift from his father, becomes the breach in the dike: Little Wittgenstein has a jungle shriek, fierce eyes, and a beak that wreaks havoc. David finally throws the bird out the window--and follows it into the world. His guilty search for the parrot takes him first to Telegraph Hill, where the parrot may have found others of its kind. Inexorably David is drawn even farther, lured to South America by rumors of an ancient flock in the wild mangrove swamps. There he meets the lovely level-headed Fern, an American scientist who has her own reasons for searching for the birds. Will he retreat, or follow the parrots' call? Jim Paul has created a tender, whimsical romance, told with wit and subtlety, about having the courage to heed the messages the world sends you, and to welcome unexpected love.
 id : 249746 ISBN : 0156569809  | name : Many Moons  |  description : Though many try, only the court jester is able to fulfill Princess Lenore's wish for the moon.
 id : 249747 ISBN : 020157053X  | name : The Mother Side of Midnight  |  description : "There comes a moment in every parent's life when it's time to pack away the playpen, pass along the baby clothes, and sell the infant swing. You have graduated from childbearing and now you major in childrearing. You have finished having babies; now you must learn to live with children." "In The Mother Side of Midnight, Teryl Zarnow, mother of three, offers her wry yet reassuring look at surviving the switch from colic to carpools and from booties to Nikes. It is a glorious time, filled with equal parts nostalgia and relief--when your last baby is potty-trained, when the family wheels no longer include a stroller, and when sleeping through the night is finally a routine occurrence and no longer cause for celebration. Then, all of a sudden you find you've changed your tune from lullabies to the lunchbox blues." "Zarnow's family is outrageous but ordinary. Out of 31 possible flavors, her life is vanilla. Her husband and three children are generic--which is precisely why she writes about them: because they are like everyone else. You've seen them everywhere: the 3-year-old hangs from the highest monkey bar and then screams in panic for mommy to rescue him. After she takes him down, he climbs up again. Her five-year-old daughter is trying to decide whom she will marry; the seven-year-old is the one flapping his arms like a chicken at a rate exceeded only by his mouth as he walks into first grade. Her husband is caught between family and career, and never remembers to empty the dishwasher without being told. But marriage is improving--they're no longer forced to choose between sex and sleep." "As a mother, Zarnow can be as disappointed in her children as she is by the sorry state of her thighs. Some days, she sees troubles ahead just as clearly as the crumbs on her kitchen floor. Other days, she feels blessed by the children who are hers to love. From the Tooth Fairy to homework to the Great War Over the Cherries in the Fruit Cocktail--to more serious issues such as religion, death, and the "F" word--Zarnow gives you the comforting feeling that when it comes to the joys, guilts, and frustrations (not necessarily in that order) of parenting in the post-pabulum years, you are not alone."--BOOK JACKET.Title Summary field provided by Blackwell North America, Inc. All Rights Reserved
 id : 249748 ISBN : 0307132625  | name : Catching Air  |  description : Catching Air brings you the rush of bungee jumping, skysurfing, and snowboarding. Extreme skiers, stunt cyclists, and skateboarders push the limits while soaring through the air.
 id : 249751 ISBN : 0310217261  | name : Friends Through Thick and Thin  |  description : Four women present the joys and strengths of friendship in a sometimes humorous way.
 id : 249752 ISBN : 0310976928  | name : Bible Promises for Women from the NIV Bible  |  description : Women will be reminded of God's love and care for them in every circumstance in this book featuring Scripture and reflections from the NIV Women's Devotional Bible.
 id : 249753 ISBN : 0312134916  | name : Fall River Dreams  |  description : In this deeply felt, unforgettable book, Bill Reynolds journeys with a high school basketball team through the past and present of an American town. Fall River, Massachusetts, is a once-prosperous industrial center haunted by its history, the Durfee High School basketball team begins its annual drive for a state championship: a quest that inspires and sometimes consumes kids, coaches, families, teachers, and all of Fall River. Fall River Dreams is the story of one season's quest-a classic book about sports, youth, time, hope, and memory in America today.
 id : 249754 ISBN : 0312145861  | name : The Diary of Emily Dickinson  |  description : In her fictionalization of Emily Dickinson's diary, Jamie Fuller paints a fascinating picture that will deepen any reader's understanding and appreciation of one of America's greatest and most enduring poets. Line drawings throughout.
 id : 249755 ISBN : 031227324X  | name : It Worked for Me!  |  description : You are not alone! What do you do when... Your toddler goes berserk because the meatloaf touches the green beans on his plate? Your son keeps missing when he's standing at the potty? Your child's bedroom is overrun with nighttime monsters? Parents magazine's It Worked for Me! clears up these and thousands of other quandaries. And the solutions come from people who have been through it all: parents just like you. With busy schedules, we often don't find the time to share our parenting advice or commiserate about daily hassles. Now, parents can again take comfort in knowing that others not only have had similar experiences, but also that they have found inventive solutions stemming from their own wisdom and compassion. Based on Parents magazine's popular column, this comprehensive collection of surefire tips and techniques covers the entire gamut of child rearing--beathing, feeding, dressing, discipline, bedtime, playtime, school, television, and much, much more. From divorce and separations anxiety to making the deccision to go back to work and helping children adjust to a new child-provider, parents will find creative and practical solutions for nearly any situation. So breathe a sigh of relief. Won't it be good to have a voice of experience on the bookshelf? Parents magazine has been America's #1 family magazine since 1926.
 id : 249756 ISBN : 0312325797  | name : Alison's Automotive Repair Manual  |  description : A widow in her mid-thirties, Alison has been mourning for two years. Now living in small town West Virginia with her sister Sarah and brother-in-law Bill, Alison is unable to move on with her life. Finally, she promises Sarah and Bill that she will start over---once she restores the abandoned, nearly ruined 1976 Corvette she found rusting in the garage and immediately loved. Unfortunately, Alison doesn't know the first thing about cars, and the fact that the townspeople (with the exception of a cute demolition man) find a woman messing with automotive parts bewildering doesn't help. With beautiful frankness and surprising hilarity, Brad Barkley tells of a gutsy woman's attempts to overcome loss, and fit into a close-knit community, in a triumphant look at grief, love, loss, and moving on.
 id : 249757 ISBN : 0312869975  | name : The Soul Thief  |  description : Exiled by his father from his farmstead on the coast of Ireland because of his refusal to fight for their liege-lord, Corban Loose-Strife embarks on a perilous search for his missing twin sister, Mav, kidnapped and taken as a slave during a Viking raid on the farm. Reprint.
 id : 249758 ISBN : 0345345886  | name : Color Me Beautiful  |  description : Color is magic! No matter what kind of clothes you like to wear, the right colors can make the difference between looking drab and looking radiant! You can wear every color of the rainbow. Shade makes the difference. Using simple guidelines, professional color consultant Carole Jackson helps you choose the thirty shades that make you look smashing. What color season are you? Spring: Your colors are clear, delicate, or bright with yellow undertones. Summer: Cool, soft colors with blue undertones are right for you. Autumn: You look best in stronger colors with orange and gold undertones. Winter: Clear, vivid, or icy colors with blue undertones make you look best. Color Me Beautiful will also help you: • Develop your color personality • Learn to perfect your make-up color • Use color to solve specific figure problems • Save money by designing a color-coordinated wardrobe for all occasions • Discover your clothing personality • Determine the fabrics that are best for you • Use accessories successfully—from stockings to scarves
 id : 249759 ISBN : 0345418905  | name : Life, the Universe and Everything  |  description : Now celebrating the 42nd anniversary of The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy, soon to be a Hulu original series! “Wild satire . . . The feckless protagonist, Arthur Dent, is reminiscent of Vonnegut heroes.”—Chicago Tribune The unhappy inhabitants of planet Krikkit are sick of looking at the night sky above their heads—so they plan to destroy it. The universe, that is. Now only five individuals stand between the killer robots of Krikkit and their goal of total annihilation. They are Arthur Dent, a mild-mannered space and time traveler who tries to learn how to fly by throwing himself at the ground and missing; Ford Prefect, his best friend, who decides to go insane to see if he likes it; Slartibartfast, the indomitable vice president of the Campaign for Real Time, who travels in a ship powered by irrational behavior; Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-headed, three-armed ex-president of the galaxy; and Trillian, the sexy space cadet who is torn between a persistent Thunder God and a very depressed Beeblebrox. How will it all end? Will it end? Only this stalwart crew knows as they try to avert “universal” Armageddon and save life as we know it—and don’t know it! “Adams is one of those rare treasures: an author who, one senses, has as much fun writing as one has reading.”—Arizona Daily Star
 id : 249760 ISBN : 0345442709  | name : It's a Big World, Charlie Brown  |  description : GOOD GRIEF! Life isn’t always easy for Charlie Brown. Between that pesky kite-eating tree, a complete lack of valentines in the mailbox, and his troubles on the pitcher’ s mound it can be downright disheartening! Fortunately he has Snoopy, Linus, Peppermint Patty, and the Peanuts gang to make the big world seem a lot friendlier. Now, for the first time in book form and in full-color, It’s a Big World, Charlie Brown presents a brand-new collection of your old favorites. It’s just like peanuts–nobody can read just one!
 id : 249761 ISBN : 0345452917  | name : The Floating World  |  description : Liza, a young American student in Japan, meets a group of neophyte geisha who practice a dark and violent art that draws Liza into a dangerous underworld that could claim her, body and soul.
 id : 249763 ISBN : 0345461916  | name : Last Call  |  description : Comic and romantic possibilities from the unlikely collision of strong personalities.
 id : 249764 ISBN : 034546219X  | name : Remnant Population  |  description : Finalist for the Hugo Award • “Ofelia—tough, kind, wise and unwise, fond of food, tired of foolish people—is one of the most probable heroines science fiction has ever known.”—Ursula K. Le Guin For forty years, Colony 3245.12 has been Ofelia’s home. On this planet far away in space and time from the world of her youth, she has lived and loved, weathered the death of her husband, raised her one surviving child, lovingly tended her garden, and grown placidly old. And it is here that she fully expects to finish out her days—until the shifting corporate fortunes of the Sims Bancorp Company dictates that Colony 3245.12 is to be disbanded, its residents shipped off, deep in cryo-sleep, to somewhere new and strange and not of their choosing. But while her fellow colonists grudgingly anticipate a difficult readjustment on some distant world, Ofelia savors the promise of a golden opportunity. Not starting over in the hurly-burly of a new community . . . but closing out her life in blissful solitude, in the place she has no intention of leaving. A population of one. With everything she needs to sustain her, and her independent spirit to buoy her, Ofelia actually does start life over–for the first time on her own terms: free of the demands, the judgments, and the petty tyrannies of others. But when a reconnaissance ship returns to her idyllic domain, and its crew is mysteriously slaughtered, Ofelia realizes she is not the sole inhabitant of her paradise after all. And, when the inevitable time of first contact finally arrives, she will find her life changed yet again—in ways she could never have imagined. . . . “Pure satisfaction from cover to cover.”—Anne McCaffrey
 id : 249765 ISBN : 0345463994  | name : None of Your Business  |  description : With a nod to Ed McBain and Fay Weldon, Block creates an hilarious tale of a heist gone wrong that ranges from the living rooms of Park Avenue to the parking lot of the White Castle on Queens Boulevard.
 id : 249766 ISBN : 0345467612  | name : Louisiana Dawn  |  description : Cyrene Nolte's two brothers were fiercely protective of her. Because she was a virgin, no man was allowed near her. But when she rescued Rene Lemonnier from certain death and nursed him back to health in her stark little chamber, he aroused more than her interest. Once in his arms, Cyrene knew that the wickedness the brothers had sought to protect her from was a passion too exquisite to deny.... From the Paperback edition.
 id : 249767 ISBN : 0374427984  | name : The Great Turkey Walk  |  description : Yeeeeeee-haw! Git along, little . . . turkeys? Big, brawny Simon Green, who's just completed third grade (for the fourth time), may not be book smart, but he's nobody's fool. When it's time to be done with school and make his way in the world, Simon hatches a plan that could earn him a bundle. He intends to herd a huge flock of bronze turkeysall the way from his home in eastern Missouri to the boomtown of Denver, where they'll fetch a mighty price. In the year 1860, the hazards of such a trek are many - how does one shepherd the birds across a river, for instance? - but Simon is undaunted. Accompanied by a faithful drover, and eventually to be joined by two boon companions, he undertakes the biggest journey of his young life, in this high-spirited Wild Wild West adventure by an acclaimed author of historical fiction.
 id : 249768 ISBN : 0375410856  | name : A Meal Observed  |  description : The author luxuriates over a deluxe meal at a famous Parisian restaurant as he mixes interviews with the chef about what makes a great meal.
 id : 249769 ISBN : 0375412484  | name : Nakedness, Death, and the Number Zero  |  description : The critically acclaimed poet and translator Brooks Haxton embraces life, from our naked beginnings to the first signs of middle age and beyond, in this inviting collection of poems. The book opens with the dramatic birth of twins, and speaks in the intimate voice of a husband, father, and poet. Diverse products of the imagination pass through Haxton’s generous mind—the mysterious number zero, Milton’s “Lycidas,” nuclear technology—even as he captures the humor and pathos of the everyday. In these brief, exquisite lyrics, meditations, and short stories in verse, he immerses his reader in the heat of teenage rivalry and friendship, the tender comedy of sex, and the amazements of the natural world. Here, from a book indelible in its language and feeling, are the last few lines: My daughters my twin girls say Ba for bird for book for bottle—Ba: in Egypt, bird with a human head, the soul. They wake and wake their mother. Ba! They point into the dark. Ba, Ba! they say, and back to nursing weary in her arms.
 id : 249770 ISBN : 0375433732  | name : The Art of Mending  |  description : Returning home for a family reunion, Laura Bartone and her brother, Steve, are stunned by their sister's allegations of shocking behavior on the part of their mother, and must come to terms with the truth and lies within their family.
 id : 249772 ISBN : 0375709436  | name : The Beforelife  |  description : In this stunning collection, Franz Wright chronicles the journey back from a place of isolation and wordlessness. After a period when it seemed certain he would never write poetry again, he speaks with bracing clarity about the twilit world that lies between madness and sanity, addiction and recovery. Wright negotiates the precarious transition from illness to health in a state of skeptical rapture, discovering along the way the exhilaration of love--both divine and human--and finding that even the most battered consciousness can be good company. Whether he is writing about his regret for the abortion of a child, describing the mechanics of slander ("I can just hear them on the telephone and keening all their kissy little knives"), or composing an ironic ode to himself ("To a Blossoming Nut Case"), Wright's poems are exquisitely precise. Charles Simic has characterized him as a poetic miniaturist, whose "secret ambition is to write an epic on the inside of a matchbook cover." Time and again, Wright turns on a dime in a few brief lines, exposing the dark comedy and poignancy of his heightened perception. Here is one of the poems from the collection: Description of Her Eyes Two teaspoonfuls, and my mind goes everyone can kiss my ass now-- then it's changed, I change my mind. Eyes so sad, and infinitely kind.
 id : 249773 ISBN : 0375709479  | name : Some Assembly Required  |  description : George Bradley, whose previous work has drawn praise from James Merrill and Harold Bloom, here meditates on contemporary culture, on the natural world and the world imagined, and on the life of the poet. Whether he is standing in line at the SuperSave, where tabloids beckon, or contemplating the change of seasons in a classic sonnet sequence, Bradley juxtaposes the sublime workings of the mind with the mundane static that surrounds it. What he finds in this conjunction is a surprising beauty, a uniquely contemporary formal music, and, often, a curative dose of humor. Even verse itself is not exempt from his clarifying view, as he proves in "How I Got in the Business," a wild ride through several sorts of commerce, including the poetry trade. Throughout "Some Assembly Required, Bradley savors both the riveting accident of everyday life and the long view afforded by art, in poetry that is taut, witty, and dynamic. "From the Hardcover edition.
 id : 249774 ISBN : 0375725342  | name : The Art of Travel  |  description : A wise and utterly original book of travel essays from an international bestselling author that will “give one an expansive sense of wonder” (The Baltimore Sun). Any Baedeker will tell us where we ought to travel, but only Alain de Botton will tell us how and why. With the same intelligence and insouciant charm he brought to How Proust Can Save Your Life, de Botton considers the pleasures of anticipation; the allure of the exotic, and the value of noticing everything from a seascape in Barbados to the takeoffs at Heathrow. Even as de Botton takes the reader along on his own peregrinations, he also cites such distinguished fellow-travelers as Baudelaire, Wordsworth, Van Gogh, the biologist Alexander von Humboldt, and the 18th-century eccentric Xavier de Maistre, who catalogued the wonders of his bedroom. The Art of Travel is a “refreshing and profoundly readable" book (The Philadelphia Inquirer). Don’t leave home without it.
 id : 249775 ISBN : 0375801588  | name : Girl Coming in for a Landing  |  description : A collection of over 100 poems recounting the ups and downs of one adolescent girl's school year.
 id : 249776 ISBN : 0375806709  | name : The Phantom Tollbooth  |  description : For Milo, everything's a bore. When a tollbooth mysteriously appears in his room, he drives through only because he's got nothing better to do. But on the other side, things seem different. Milo visits the island of Conclusions (you get there by jumping), learns about time from a tick watchdog named Tock, and even embarks on a quest to rescue Rhyme and Reason! Somewhere along the way, Milo realizes something astonishing. Life is far from dull. In fact, it's exciting beyond his wildest dreams!
 id : 249777 ISBN : 0376010789  | name : Decks  |  description : Shows a variety of deck styles and designs, explains each step of the building process, and offers advice on materials and customization
 id : 249778 ISBN : 038071020X  | name : Lend Me Your Ears  |  description : Discusses symphonies, concertos, and other orchestral music by seventy-five composers whose works form part of the standard repertory
 id : 249779 ISBN : 0380717565  | name : Frame-Up!  |  description : A reexamination of the brutal rape and murder of a Hollywood starlet in 1921 reveals the truth about the affair, exposing the Hollywood conspiracy that framed comedian Fatty Arbuckle. Reprint.
 id : 249780 ISBN : 038078839X  | name : The Movie Mom's Guide to Family Movies  |  description : A parent's guide to movies on video appropriate for children aged two to eighteen reviews more than five hundred movies for families, including plot descriptions and the issues they explore.
 id : 249781 ISBN : 0385095139  | name : El Premio Del Cuco  |  description : Bilingual text in English and Spanish relates the traditional Mexican tale that reveals how the cuckoo lost her beautiful feathers and why she lays her eggs in other birds' nests.
 id : 249782 ISBN : 0385308140  | name : The Boys Start the War  |  description : Disgusted that a family with three girls moves into the house across the river, nine-year-old Wally and his three brothers declare a practical joke war on the girls.
 id : 249783 ISBN : 0385335261  | name : Plant Life  |  description : Her luminous first novel, Moon Women, won the hearts of both readers and critics, who called it “richly textured...a pleasure to be savored by a writer to watch.” (Kirkus Reviews) Now Pamela Duncan returns to the rich landscape of the human heart with a lush, resonant novel about mothers and daughters, about family and friendship, about a woman at a turning point in her life and the extraordinary world she discovers in a place called home… It’s Christmastime in Russell, North Carolina. For Laurel Granger, the holiday can’t pass quickly enough. With her fifteen-year marriage ending, the visit to her hometown is bound to be even more painful than usual. And the worst part will be looking at the lives of her mother, Pansy, and Pansy’s gossipy group of friends, for whom life revolves around the plant, the aging textile mill where for decades they have found companionship, a modest livelihood, and a purpose. But with her own marriage disintegrating—the full scope of the disaster hasn’t become clear to her yet—Laurel has nowhere else to turn except Russell, and to the women of the plant. And soon what Laurel begins to see is not the stifling town she couldn’t wait to leave, nor women whose lives seem petty and plain, but a place where powerful secrets have been kept...where hearts and lives have been broken...and where a group of extraordinary women may have a thing or two to teach her about life. Most of all, as Laurel starts to live and even love a little again, she is faced with her mother, and her mother before her, and what their complex relationship has meant for Laurel all these years. Weaving together the voices of several remarkable women across generations, Pamela Duncan tells a story of faith and forgiveness, acts of love and acts of betrayal. With the same artful brushstrokes that made Moon Women a wonder, Duncan paints a masterful portrait of seemingly ordinary lives, and of what it means to grow a life and a future—in the rich soil of the past.
 id : 249785 ISBN : 0385486448  | name : Dangerous Games  |  description : In this elegant and exciting collection Andrew Todhunter, himself an extreme sportsman and the author of the critically acclaimed Fall of the Phantom Lord, takes readers along as men and women push themselves to their limits in the world’s riskiest sports. In several of these essays Todhunter writes from personal experience, joining his subjects as they free fall from cliffs, wriggle through narrow underground crevices, and dive deep beneath the ice of a frozen lake. In these adrenaline-laced accounts of extreme sportsmanship, Todhunter captures not only the thrill of conquest but the deep pleasure of being someplace few others have gone as well.
 id : 249786 ISBN : 0385732376  | name : The Illustrated Mum  |  description : Ten-year-old Dolphin is determined to stay with her family, no matter what, but when her sister goes to live with her newly-discovered father, sending their mother further into manic-depression, Dolphin's life takes a turn for the better.
 id : 249788 ISBN : 0394815963  | name : ?Eres tú mi mamá?  |  description : Un pequeño pajarito ha salido del huevo mientras su madre no está. Se cae del nido y sale a buscarla, preguntando a todo al que se encuentra--a un perro, una vaca, un aeroplano y a algunos más --"Eres mi madre?"
 id : 249789 ISBN : 0395216257  | name : The Little Match Girl  |  description : Relates how the wares of the little match girl illuminate her cold world on the last day of the old year.
 id : 249790 ISBN : 0395395534  | name : Houghton Mifflin Spanish reading program  |  description : Story book to help your young child start reading in spanish.
 id : 249791 ISBN : 0399131817  | name : The Lady in the Tower  |  description : Bewitching King Henry VIII into making her his bride, the strong-willed and passionate Anne Boleyn becomes the tragically doomed queen who fails to produce a son for the king but whose daughter, Elizabeth, becomes one of the greatest rulers of all time
 id : 249792 ISBN : 0399216901  | name : Tomie dePaola's Book of Bible Stories  |  description : Originally published in 1990, this stunningly illustrated collection is now a classic. Tomie dePaola lovingly brings to life thirty-seven well-known Bible stories and Psalms, featuring some of the most memorable and significant people in both the Old and New Testaments. Readers will be caught up in the dramatic events of the stories, all vividly portrayed in wonderful detail-including Noah's Ark, David and Goliath, Jonah and the Big Fish, and accounts of Jesus' life, death and resurrection. With its brilliant illustrations, and the addition of a note from Tomie and a beautifully redesigned jacket, this special anniversary edition is perfect for the whole family to share.
 id : 249793 ISBN : 0425099172  | name : It's Your Body  |  description : 'A handy, friendly kind of encyclopedia to reach for next time you are clutched with fear there is something new, wrong, and unknown going on in your body. Every woman should have a copy of this book at her bedside.' -Nancy Friday, author of My Mother/ My Self
 id : 249795 ISBN : 043924238X  | name : Scooby-Doo! and the Caveman Caper  |  description : Scooby-Doo and the gang investigate the disappearance of an Olympic athlete's skates, which seem to have been stolen by a caveman.
 id : 249796 ISBN : 0439295769  | name : I'm Nobody! Who Are You?  |  description : A collection of the author's greatest poetry--from the wistful to the unsettling, the wonders of nature to the foibles of human nature--is an ideal introduction for first-time readers. Original.
 id : 249798 ISBN : 043956848X  | name : The Werewolf of Fever Swamp  |  description : When a strange howling is heard and a rabbit is torn to shreds, everyone thinks that Grady's new dog is responsible, and Grady is determined to prove them wrong.
 id : 249799 ISBN : 0440409195  | name : Not for a Billion Gazillion Dollars  |  description : Eleven-year-old Matthew, trying desperately to earn enough to buy a coveted computer program, learns the importance of money and eventually starts his own business. Sequel to "Earth to Matthew".
 id : 249801 ISBN : 0440409497  | name : The Real-skin Rubber Monster Mask  |  description : Second-grader Jim isn't sure what he wants to be for Halloween but he knows he wants to be scary.
 id : 249802 ISBN : 0440410932  | name : First Grade Takes a Test  |  description : Who's the smartest person in the first grade? When the teacher hands out a test, everybody can't wait to find out. But only lucky Anna Maria does well enough to move to a special class. Is getting the best grade all that matters?
 id : 249803 ISBN : 0440413001  | name : Tales from the Brothers Grimm and the Sisters Weird  |  description : Presents thirteen twisted versions of such familiar fairy tales as Red Riding Hood, Jack and the Beanstalk, Hansel and Gretel, and The Three Billy Goats Gruff.
 id : 249804 ISBN : 0440503124  | name : The Bob Book  |  description : Bob is more than a name. It's a verb, an attitude, an entire way of life. The full meaning of Bobness is now revealed in the words of famous and regular Bobs themselves in this offbeat, humorous tribute to Bobs everywhere. Illustrated with celebrity photographs throughout.
 id : 249805 ISBN : 0446526010  | name : Big Game, Small World  |  description : The author journeys around the world to discover why basketball has become a global phenomenon, and learns that basketball has the power to define an individual, a culture, and even a country.
 id : 249806 ISBN : 0446676810  | name : The 100 Best Poems of All Time  |  description : This poetry companion puts favourite poetry and poets from around the world at your fingertips, enabling you to revisit the classics, encounter unfamiliar masterworks and rediscover old favourites.
 id : 249807 ISBN : 0448401320  | name : Garfield's Tales of Mystery  |  description : Garfield the cat investigates five mysteries.
 id : 249808 ISBN : 0448410966  | name : La pequeña locomotora que sí pudo  |  description : Although he is not very big, la Pequeña Locomotora Azul agrees to try to pull a stranded train full of toys over the mountain.
 id : 249810 ISBN : 0449214907  | name : Have No Fear, Snoopy  |  description : Everyone's favorite beagle is back in another priceless collection of Peanutscartoons certain to tickle funny bones and boost your humor sales. Syndicatedin over 2,000 newspapers and merchandised in everything from toys to clothes, this watch dog is the dog to watch.
 id : 249811 ISBN : 0451193873  | name : A Regency Christmas Carol  |  description : Ring in a joyous holiday season as five of romance's most beloved Regency authors bring readers this special melodious collection! Mary Balogh, Anne Barbour, Elisabeth Fairchild, Carla Kelly and Edith Layton weave these spectacular song-inspired tales, capturing the true spirit of the holidays: the giving and receiving of the gift of love.
 id : 249812 ISBN : 0451628012  | name : Democracy in America  |  description : Democracy in America is a classic of political philosophy. Hailed by John Stuart Mill and Horace Greely as the finest book ever written on the nature of democracy, it continues to be an influential text on both sides of the Atlantic, above all in the emerging democracies of Eastern Europe.
 id : 249814 ISBN : 0516016482  | name : Rocks and Minerals  |  description : An introduction to the formation and identification of a variety of rocks and minerals.
 id : 249817 ISBN : 0525470476  | name : Emma's Pet  |  description : Emma's search for a soft, cuddly pet has a surprising ending.
 id : 249819 ISBN : 0590010905  | name : The NBA's 10 Greatest Teams Ever  |  description : Profiles the ten best teams in NBA history, detailing the sport's greatest moments and personalities, as well as championships won.
 id : 249820 ISBN : 0590075837  | name : The Magic Moscow  |  description : Relates the adventures of Edward, grandson of a famous television sled dog, with his owner, Steve, who manages a Hoboken ice cream stand.
 id : 249821 ISBN : 0590130005  | name : Franklin's Secret Club  |  description : Franklin the turtle starts his own secret club with his friends.
 id : 249822 ISBN : 059030724X  | name : Scholastic Kid's Almanac for the 21st Century  |  description : Full-color illustrations, graphs, and charts enhance this easy-to-read, fact-filled almanac for beginning readers which includes more than fifty important reference topics, from Aerospace to Zodiac. Simultaneous.
 id : 249824 ISBN : 0590407392  | name : Karate  |  description : Describes the basic techniques of karate, offers tips on choosing a karate club, and discusses karate competitions.
 id : 249825 ISBN : 0590412345  | name : Snake  |  description : Discusses the behavior patterns and habitats of various kinds of snakes.
 id : 249826 ISBN : 0590449273  | name : La Gallinita Roja  |  description : The favorite tale of the industrious little hen and her freeloading friends, retold for beginning readers.
 id : 249829 ISBN : 0606117571  | name : Pleasing the Ghost  |  description : Ever since Dennis' father died, a parade of friendly ghosts has been passing through his bedroom. So he isn't surprised when the ghost of his Uncle Arvie shows up. But Arvie seems to want something from Dennis. How Dennis figures out how to please his ghost is a funny yet touching story of love, loss, confusion, and understanding. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 249831 ISBN : 0613033655  | name : Mr. Mysterious & Company  |  description : The adventures of a family of magicians traveling across the western deserts and plains in the 1880s.
 id : 249832 ISBN : 0613100794  | name : The Dumb Bunnies Go to the Zoo  |  description : When a trip to the zoo leaves the park in shambles, the Dumb Bunnies finally return home, put on their pajamas, say Good morning, and fall fast asleep. Full color.
 id : 249833 ISBN : 0618250743  | name : Carry On, Mr. Bowditch  |  description : A fictionalized biography of the mathematician and astronomer who realized his childhood desire to become a ship's captain and authored The American Practical Navigator.
 id : 249834 ISBN : 0618446621  | name : Braving Home  |  description : "Part travelogue . . . part meditation on the meaning of home" (Wall Street Journal), Braving Home introduces readers to some of modern America"s most unusual, unforgettable pioneers. The cub reporter Jake Halpern - dubbed the Bad Homes Correspondent by his colleagues - sets out on a journey to some of the most unforgiving locales in America. He wanted to understand the people who live there - and more importantly why they refuse to leave. What results is an irresistible portrait of outlandish places and their most loyal residents. Meet a firefighting hillbilly in Malibu; a video store clerk who lives in a snowbound high-rise in Alaska; a hermit whose house in Hawaii, formerly an inn, is entirely surrounded by molten lava.Written in an infectious style and with "swashbuckling spirit" (Christian Science Monitor), Braving Home is an affectionate and affecting tale of rootedness in America.
 id : 249836 ISBN : 0670032948  | name : Overcoming Autism  |  description : Examines the research in the field of autism and the advances in effectively diagnosing the disease at younger ages, and offers advice on intervention and family-centered strategies on understanding the child's needs.
 id : 249837 ISBN : 0670899151  | name : Sam Samurai  |  description : Everyone's favorite time-travelers are changing their style! "The Time Warp Trio" series now features a brand-new, eye-catching design, sure to appeal to longtime fans, and those new to Jon Scieszka's wacky brand of humor.
 id : 249838 ISBN : 0671026186  | name : Kobe Bryant  |  description : The biography of Kobe Bryant.
 id : 249842 ISBN : 0671758179  | name : The Biggest Game of Them All  |  description : History of the pivotal college football game between Notre Dame and Michigan State on November 19, 1966.
 id : 249843 ISBN : 0671758810  | name : Sewer Soup  |  description : The author of Murphy's adventures in Eyeballs for Breakfast and Stiff Competition adds something to this latest tale that young readers can't pass up: a little mystery and suspense. Murphy and his friends find themselves in an exciting adventure complete with a graveyard and secret passageways.
 id : 249844 ISBN : 0671785451  | name : American Gymnasts  |  description : Presents the inside scoop on the American gymnasts who are front-runners in the race for the Olympic gold.
 id : 249846 ISBN : 0673363287  | name : Adonde Esta Me Topito?  |  description : Ayude a sus ninos a ser buenos lectores. Observen y hablen acerca de los detalles de las ilustraciones. Piensen en la manera que podrian ser las voces de los personajes. Cuando estos contesten la pregunta de la mama Topo, empleen una voz distinta para cada uno. Senalen la pregunta de la mama Topo. Hagan notar los signos de interrogacion al principio y al final de la pregunta.
 id : 249847 ISBN : 0679748296  | name : Cooking with Master Chefs  |  description : Features interviews with sixteen American master chefs and presents fifty of their recipes, explaining individual techniques that make the dishes memorable.
 id : 249848 ISBN : 0679750703  | name : Havana Dreams  |  description : A fascinating, powerfully evocative story of four generations of Cuban women, through whose lives the author illuminates a vivid picture--both personal and historical--of Cuba in our century. "When I want to read a culture," writes Wendy Gimbel in her prologue, "I listen to stories about families, sensing in their contours the substance of larger mysteries." And certainly in the Revuelta family she has found a source of both mystery and revelation. At its center is Naty: born in 1925, educated in the United States, a socialite during the Batista era, who after marriage to a prominent doctor and the birth of a daughter became intoxicated with Castro and his revolution (here, published for the first time, are the letters they exchanged while he was in jail). Though her husband and daughter immigrated to the United States after Castro's victory, Naty remained in Cuba to raise her second child, Castro's unacknowledged daughter, only to be ultimately confronted by his dismissive, withering judgment: "Naty missed the train." Her two daughters, one of whom settles well into life in America, while the other never recovers from her father's intransigent repudiation of her; her granddaughter, who Naty desperately believes will return to Cuba when--not if--Castro is removed from the island; and her mother, an unregenerate reactionary: these are the lives that complete this extraordinary story. Each of the women is irrevocably marked with a part of the island's terrible and poignant tale, and Wendy Gimbel has created a rich and intense narrative of their lives and times. Havana Dreams leaves us with an indelible impression of familial obligation and illicit love; of the heady but doomed romanticism of revolution; and of the profound consequences of Cuba's contemporary history for the ordinary and most intimate lives of its people.
 id : 249849 ISBN : 0679760369  | name : The Unusual Life of Tristan Smith  |  description : From a writer whom Thomas Keneally calls "one of the great figures on the cusp of the millennium" comes a novel that conjures an entire world that suggests our own, but tilted on its axis—a world whose most powerful country, Voorstand, dominates its neighbors with ruthless espionage and its mesmerizing but soul-destroying Sirkus. Into that world comes Tristan Smith, a malformed, heroically willful, and unforgivingly observant child. Tristan's life includes adventure and loss, political intrigue, and a bizarre stardom in the Voorstand Sirkus, where animals talk and human performers die real deaths. The result is a visionary picaresque, staggering in its inventions, spellbinding in its suspense, and unabashedly moving.
 id : 249850 ISBN : 0679815198  | name : Amazing Beetles  |  description : Text and photographs introduce amazing members of the beetle world, including scarabs and weevils.
 id : 249851 ISBN : 0679860401  | name : Cornelius  |  description : The beloved fable about being yourself from four-time Caldecott Honor-winner Leo Lionni. Unlike other crocodiles, Cornelius walks upright, sees things, and does tricks no other crocodile can. His friends aren't impressed. "So what?" they say when he demonstrates standing on his head or hanging from his tail. At first, Cornelius is disappointed, but things aren't always what they seem, and life on the riverbeach is about to undergo some big changes. Children will draw inspiration from this tale of a crocodile who marches to his own drummer.
 id : 249852 ISBN : 0684834286  | name : A Rocket at Heart  |  description : With self-deprecating humor and a keen understanding of hoops and people, the coach who led the Houston Rockets to back-to-back NBA championships relates the stories of his nearly 30 years in the pros. photos.
 id : 249853 ISBN : 0688017827  | name : Zoo Doings  |  description : "Deft, comic line drawings illustrate a collection of the animal poems from three earlier books by Prelutsky....The poems are witty, and the book can also be used for reading aloud to younger children."--Bulletin of the Center for Children's Books
 id : 249855 ISBN : 0688045871  | name : The Jacket I Wear in the Snow  |  description : A young girl names all the clothes that she must wear to play in the snow.
 id : 249856 ISBN : 0688082947  | name : White Snow, Bright Snow  |  description : When the first flakes fell from the grey sky, the postman and the farmer and the policeman and his wife scurried about doing all the practical things grownups do when a snowstorm comes. But the children laughed and danced, and caught the lacy snowflakes on thier tongues. All the wonder and delight a child feels in a snowfall is caught in the pages of this book -- the frost ferns on the window sill, the snow man in the yard and the mystery and magic of a new white world. Roger Duvoisin's pictures in soft blue half-tones with briliant splashes of yellow and red emphasize the gaiety and humor as well as the poetic quality of the text.
 id : 249858 ISBN : 0688130801  | name : Blackberry Ink  |  description : A collection of humorous and nonsense verses on various themes.
 id : 249859 ISBN : 0688169643  | name : Pieces  |  description : Poems about the four seasons, as reflected in the natural world, are accompanied by photographs of quilts made by the author.
 id : 249860 ISBN : 0689307004  | name : Bunnicula  |  description : Though scoffed at by Harold the dog, Chester the cat tries to warn his human family that their foundling baby bunny must be a vampire.
 id : 249861 ISBN : 0689711050  | name : The Desert Is Theirs  |  description : You may think of the desert as a harsh, dry place where no one would ever want to live -- but think again. The Desert People know. so do the animals. Both love the land, and "share the feeling of being brothers in the desert, of being desert creatures together." Byrd Baylor's spare, poetic text and Peter Parnall's striking illustrations lime the sky, stone and sand of the desert in this haunting book.
 id : 249862 ISBN : 0689804423  | name : The Fear Place  |  description : Can Doug confront his own terror to save his brother's life?
 id : 249863 ISBN : 0689808852  | name : Henry and Mudge and the Long Weekend  |  description : Henry and his dog Mudge build an indoor castle in this eleventh Ready-to-Read book of their adventures. Henry and his 180-pound dog Mudge are best friends forever. And on a long weekend, they build a glorious indoor castle, complete with knights and kings!
 id : 249865 ISBN : 0690045484  | name : Snow is Falling  |  description : Describes the characteristics of snow, its usefulness to plants and animals, and the hazards it can cause.
 id : 249866 ISBN : 0690047371  | name : It's Too Noisy!  |  description : Unable to stand his noisy and overcrowded home any longer, a farmer goes to the Wise Man for advice.
 id : 249867 ISBN : 0694006823  | name : Imagination Station  |  description : An entertaining activity guide offers suggestions that spark childhood creativity through improvisation and imagination, from games that invite young enthusiasts to pretend to be a refrigerator or write a blues song.
 id : 249869 ISBN : 0698118014  | name : Kidnap Kids  |  description : Twelve-year-old Steven and his younger brother Benjy make a desperate attempt to force their extremely busy parents to spend more time together with them.
 id : 249870 ISBN : 0713723572  | name : Lizards of the World  |  description : An introduction to the origins, physical characteristics, habits, and natural environment of various species of lizards.
 id : 249871 ISBN : 0738200433  | name : Almost A Woman  |  description : Moving beyond the poignant childhood story she told in "When I Was Puerto Rican", Esmeralda Santiago- author of "American Dream" and one of the country's leading Latina voices- recalls her extraordinary journey into womanhood.
 id : 249872 ISBN : 0743222784  | name : His Insignificant Other  |  description : An African-American "Bridget Jones's Diary, His Insignificant Other" is a smart, funny, and fast-paced debut novel that takes a look at love, fidelity, and the quest for trust in almost-thirty relationships.
 id : 249873 ISBN : 0743255518  | name : Going with the Grain  |  description : "My lifelong love affair with bread has less to do with crust, crumb, and the vagaries of sourdough cultures and more to do with bread as a reflection of people's varied beliefs, daily lives, and blood memories....Bread tells the most essential human stories." So begins Susan Seligson's personal and often humorous journey to discover the secrets of the baker's trade and the place bread has in the lives of those who consume it. Part travelogue, part cultural history, with a handful of recipes thrown in for good measure, it is an exploration of the customs, traditions, and rituals around the creating and eating of this most basic and enduring form of sustenance. Bread is the stuff of life. Governments have been overthrown and religious rituals created because of it. Fry bread, matzo, ksra, nan, baguette: all are as resonant of their specific culture as any artifact. In Going with the Grain, Seligson wanders the streets of the Casbah in Fès, Morocco, to unlock the secrets of the thousand-year-old communal bakeries there. In Saratoga Springs, New York, she finds a bread maker so committed to making the ultimate loaf, he built a unique sixty-ton hearth and uses only certified biodynamically grown wheat. Seligson knelt in the Jordanian desert beside a woman turning flat breads over glowing embers and plumbed the mysteries of Wonder Bread in an aseptic American factory. As satisfying as a slice of good bread with butter, Going with the Grain is for the armchair traveler and armchair baker alike.
 id : 249874 ISBN : 0761104534  | name : The Little Book of Prayers  |  description : Drawn from a wide array of sources from around the globe, an eclectic collection of prayers includes hundreds of spiritual supplications, from the familiar--the Lord's Prayer and the 23rd Psalm--to prayers from the Koran, the Bodhisattva, and the poetry of Rumi. Original.
 id : 249876 ISBN : 0767914740  | name : A Walk on the Beach  |  description : The author describes her relationship with friend and confidante Joan Erikson, whose struggles with widowhood, her own impending death, and humorous written works about aging inspired Anderson to accept life changes.
 id : 249877 ISBN : 0781718775  | name : Handbook of Headache  |  description : This handbook is a practical and easily accessible guide to the diagnosis and management of headache patients. Geared to both primary care physicians and neurologists, the book presents a systematic approach to diagnosis and offers expert recommendations for treating all types of headaches, including migraine, tension and cluster headaches, headache during pregnancy, headache in children, headaches with onset after age 50, and head and neck trauma. Coverage includes detailed guidelines on the use of new antimigraine drugs that have recently been introduced. The book also includes patient education materials and alternative treatments.
 id : 249878 ISBN : 0785702091  | name : The Great Wheel  |  description : Eighteen-year-old Conn leaves Ireland and sails to America, where he helps build the first Ferris wheel for the World's Columbian Exposition of 1893.
 id : 249879 ISBN : 0786805412  | name : Fireflies  |  description : When the fireflies fail to return to the Yellow Mountains, the village is frozen in endless winter. Little does anyone expect that the clumsiness of Jackie Healy could be the very thing that will save the village.
 id : 249881 ISBN : 0786863994  | name : The Weight of All Things  |  description : A young boy makes his way through war-ravaged El Salvador in search of his mother, who was dragged off with other victims following gunfire that erupted in a crowded plaza during a funeral for a martyred archbishop.
 id : 249883 ISBN : 0786884398  | name : A Garden in Lucca  |  description : Now available in paperback, this delightful memoir, written by critically acclaimed novelist Paul Gervais, recounts the challenges, elations, setbacks, and revelations that accompanied the process of making an acclaimed garden out of the sprawling, overgrown grounds of a Renaissance Tuscan hunting lodge.
 id : 249886 ISBN : 0792263863  | name : The Panama Hat Trail  |  description : This exploration of the countries and cultures of South America examines how different cultures view one another, assesses the mythic appeal of the United States, and looks at the economics of world trade. Reprint.
 id : 249887 ISBN : 079227590X  | name : National Geographic Guide to Family Adventure Vacations  |  description : More than 100 top recreational spots for fun and educational family adventures are reviewed in this resource, which covers everything from a dog-sledding tour to kayaking among whales. 100 photos. 5 maps.
 id : 249888 ISBN : 080102286X  | name : The Poetry of Piety  |  description : This annotated collection offers literary and theological analysis of classic Christian poetry from John Donne, George Herbert, C. S. Lewis, and others.
 id : 249889 ISBN : 0802138764  | name : A Spell of Winter  |  description : Abandoned by their parents, Catherine and her brother, Rob, are left to the care of their mysterious grandfather, living in an enclosed and stifling world, where their only solace is their relationship with each other.
 id : 249890 ISBN : 080322141X  | name : The Adventures of the Woman Homesteader  |  description : Stewart's Letters of a Woman Homesteader (1914) and Letters on an Elk Hunt (1915) rank among the most engaging accounts of life in the American West. She related her adventures with such gusto and sympathy that she has become known as the woman homesteader. Now readers find about what she was really like through these unpublished or uncollected letters. Photographs.
 id : 249891 ISBN : 0803700997  | name : Best Friends  |  description : Kathy feels lonely and betrayed when her best friend goes away for the summer and has a wonderful time.
 id : 249892 ISBN : 0803719914  | name : Los huevos parlantes  |  description : A Southern folktale in which kind Blanche, following the instructions of an old witch, gains riches, while her greedy sister makes fun of the old woman and is duly rewarded.
 id : 249893 ISBN : 0803720092  | name : Las aventuras de Maxi, el perro taxista  |  description : A stray dog in New York City is adopted by a taxi driver, with whom he thereafter rides and shares adventures each day. Full color.
 id : 249894 ISBN : 080410915X  | name : Special Men  |  description : Throughout his several tours of Vietnam, Dennis Foley served with America's finest warriors -- men like David Hackworth, the nation's most decorated living soldier, and Jim Gardner, who was awarded the Medal of Honor for sacrificing his life so that his men might live. Now, in a tough, clear-eyed account, he recaptures the raw courage and sacrifice of American soldiers fighting a savage and desperate battle for survival.
 id : 249895 ISBN : 0804219680  | name : The Gospel According to Peanuts  |  description : The author presents his theory about the intentional theological significance of Charles M. Schulz's "Peanuts" cartoons, interpreting their meaning from a Christian perspective and highlighting his comments with selected cartoons.
 id : 249896 ISBN : 0805014012  | name : Old Black Fly  |  description : "Aylesworth's buoyant, rhythmic verse provides inspiration for a wondrous evolution of Gammell's style.... Sheer delight for eyes, ears, and funny-bones." --Kirkus Reviews, pointer
 id : 249897 ISBN : 0805016902  | name : The Beagle Has Landed  |  description : A wonderful collection of cartoon strips from 1977, the Peanuts gang is up toits usual tricks in " The Beagle Has Landed" .
 id : 249898 ISBN : 0805052038  | name : Eight Months on Ghazzah Street  |  description : A taut and terrifying trip into a distorting mirror--a novel as tense, immediate, and chilling as the world it depicts. "A Middle Eastern Turn of the Screw with an insidious power to grip."-Time Out
 id : 249900 ISBN : 080652586X  | name : How Not to Live Abroad  |  description : A hilarious and beautifully-wrought travelogue of a young couple's adventuresin Spain that combines the warmth and candor of A Year in Provence with thelaugh-out-loud humor of Driving Over Lemons.
 id : 249901 ISBN : 0806976454  | name : How to Read Minds  |  description : Using ordinary household items, surprise everyone with your unbelievable psychic abilities. See hidden objects, tell the future, make audience members think they have ESP--or get a coin to jump from one person's hand into your own. Instructions explain each effect, its secret, and how to perform the routine. Work with cards, coins, books, newspapers, dice, and other supplies you're sure to have on hand.
 id : 249906 ISBN : 0816728399  | name : A Picture Book of Reptiles and Amphibians  |  description : The drawings are clear & brightly colored, & they show each animal in its environment...Parents of budding naturalists will find that (the book) spurs questions
 id : 249907 ISBN : 0816728526  | name : World's Strangest Basketball Stories  |  description : Have you heard about the team that had so many players foul out that only one teammate remained to finiiish the game? Or, the player who, in one game, scored all his winning team's 97 points? If you like basketball, you'll love this wacky book. It's jam-packed with the world's strangest--but true--basketball stories.
 id : 249908 ISBN : 0816730199  | name : Never Mail an Elephant  |  description : You can mail a postcard.You can mail a letter.You can even mail a present.But-never mail an elephant! A children's book by Mike Thaler.
 id : 249909 ISBN : 0816732876  | name : How to Draw Prehistoric Animals  |  description : Step-by-step instructions for drawing dinosaurs and other prehistoric animals, including the apatosaurus, dimetrodon, and sauropelta.
 id : 249910 ISBN : 081674985X  | name : I Can Read about Wolves  |  description : Describes the appearance, habitat, and behavior of wolves.
 id : 249912 ISBN : 0843142731  | name : Reptiles  |  description : A simple introduction to the characteristics of reptiles in general and of select species.
 id : 249914 ISBN : 0866224580  | name : A Step-by-step Book about Hamsters  |  description : “Maeve Kerrigan [is] a fascinating and plausible character…What she has is persistence, integrity and emotional intelligence, and a very deft way of insinuating herself into a reader's affections.”—The Irish Independent (UK) Vast wealth offers London defense attorney Philip Kennford a lot of things: a gorgeous house with a pool in the backyard, connections in the top echelons of society, a wardrobe worthy of Milan runways. But his money doesn’t provide a happy marriage, or good relationships with his twin daughters…and it does nothing to protect his family when someone brutally murders his wife and daughter in their own home. When Detective Constable Maeve Kerrigan arrives at the scene, the two survivors—Philip and his second favorite daughter, Lydia—both claim to have seen nothing, but it’s clear right away that this is an unhappy family accustomed to keeping secrets. Maeve soon finds herself entangled in a case with a thousand leads that all seem to point nowhere, and it doesn’t help that her boss, whom she trusts more than almost anyone, is starting to make decisions that Maeve finds questionable at best. In The Last Girl, Jane Casey once again demonstrates her ability to write vivid, three-dimensional characters and spin a gripping, unpredictable mystery.
 id : 249915 ISBN : 0870743481  | name : The Raven's Bride  |  description : The story of Sam Houston's marriage to Eliza Allen in Tennesse while he was governor of that state.
 id : 249916 ISBN : 0874066204  | name : The Tale of Two Bad Mice  |  description : While the dolls are away, two curious, naughty mice explore the dolls' house and steal their furniture.
 id : 249918 ISBN : 0874066565  | name : The Ugly Duckling  |  description : An ugly duckling spends an unhappy year ostracized by the other animals before he grows into a beautiful swan.
 id : 249919 ISBN : 0874067073  | name : Totally Useless Skills  |  description : Provides step-by-step instructions for tricks and stunts such as spoon hanging, pencil tricks, odd finger snapping, and disappearing body parts.
 id : 249920 ISBN : 087516675X  | name : The Greatest Thing in the World  |  description : More than a century after the author delivered his meditation on the 13th chapter of I Corinthians, the need for genuine Christian love remains as great as ever. Drummond writes, "To love abundantly is to live abundantly, and to love forever is to live forever". In this analysis of the love chapter, he highlights the basic truth that God is love; therefore, "everything that loves is born of God".
 id : 249921 ISBN : 087605338X  | name : The Essential Parakeet  |  description : Offers advice on choosing a parakeet, and discusses feeding, grooming, training, health care, and the history of bird keeping.
 id : 249922 ISBN : 0877191328  | name : The Original Adventures of Hank the Cowdog  |  description : Hank the Cowdog, Head of Ranch Security, is framed for the murder of a chicken and becomes an outlaw with the coyotes.
 id : 249923 ISBN : 087923282X  | name : String Too Short to be Saved  |  description : This is a collection of stories diverse in subject, but sutured together by the limitless affection the author holds for the land and the people of New England. Donald Hall tells about life on a small farm where, as a boy, he spent summers with his grandparents. Gradually the boy grows to be a young man, sees his grandparents aging, the farm become marginal, and finally, the cows sold and the barn abandoned. But these are more than nostalgic memories, for in the measured and tender prose of each episode are signs of the end of things - a childhood, perhaps a culture. In an Epilogue written for this edition, Donald Hall describes his return to the farm twenty-five years later, to live the rest of his life in the house of string. We take pleasure in bringing back into print this classic account of boyhood summers in old New England, with the addition of an Epilogue and an album of family snapshots.
 id : 249924 ISBN : 0886191815  | name : The Day of Creation  |  description : At Port-la-Nouvelle, on the parched terrain of central Africa, Dr. Mallory watches as his clinic fails and dreams of discovering a third Nile that will make the Sahara bloom. When there is a trickle on the local airstrip, and soon a river, the obsessed Mallory claims it as his own creation and sets out for the river's source.
 id : 249925 ISBN : 0890817693  | name : The Best of the Good Clean Jokes  |  description : The best to you from Bob Phillips! Bestselling humorist Bob Phillips (more than 6 million in combined sales) shares his favorite jokes in this hefty collection of wholesome humor. Family, friends, preachers, and teachers'anyone who enjoys a good clean joke'won't want to miss this laugh-filled resource from the pen of the master joker. These jokes are the ?best of the best? compiled from all of his joke books. Tickle your fancy with fun as you read hundreds of clean jokes conveniently arranged in alphabetical order.
 id : 249926 ISBN : 0893756687  | name : More about Dinosaurs  |  description : Simple text and illustrations describe the environment and the characteristics of different types of dinosaurs.
 id : 249927 ISBN : 0907234305  | name : The Selfish Giant  |  description : Oscar Wilde's classic children's tale about how a selfish giant's life is transformed by the arrival of a special child who teaches him about love and friendship is brought to life for a whole new generation with the remarkable four color art of well-known artist and illustrator, Bill Bell.
 id : 249928 ISBN : 0911797777  | name : Common Campground Critters of the West  |  description : Describes animals commonly found in the forests and mountains of the western United States, including the golden-mantled squirrel, tassel-eared squirrel, gray jay, and Clark's nutcracker.
 id : 249929 ISBN : 091636657X  | name : Rotten Rejections  |  description : An editor at one of the United States' most prestigious publishing companies has persued rejection letters through the ages and selected his favorite howlers. Illustrations.
 id : 249930 ISBN : 0921820879  | name : Extraterrestrials  |  description : Examines the images we have absorbed from popular culture and explains how the variety of environments in the universe could give rise to such unusual creatures.
 id : 249931 ISBN : 0929398041  | name : Rafting the Brazos  |  description : Learning the Story of Scars After the axe-head buried itself in his ankle, my father clung to the log he was splitting, squeezing his eyes like fists. Twelve, he logged those woods for years with his father--Arkansas, the great depression, doing whatever they could. Groaning, he jerked and jerked the axe like a pump handle, he screamed and went on pumping until the foot fell back, hinged by the ankle, white and spurting. With a bandana he held it and held it while Arkansas flooded, and saw his father running, his own axe raised ready to kill whatever snake slashed the heel of his son. I learned that scar like a tree split by lightning, healed over, knew my father had in him a boy who had suffered alone in a forest. "McDonald's evocation of nature and farming is impressively simple, but suggests mystery and depth."--Publisher's Weekly "McDonald draws upon his personal vision of West Texas . . . offering a strong and sensitive image of the land, its people, its sense of space and struggle."--Books of the Southwest "We are privy to a consciousness that encompasses Texas from the Gulf to the Caprock, from oxen-slow days to jet lag . . . Rafting the Brazos makes us wish the poet could . . . do nothing but chronicle the spirals of West Texas hawks."--Dallas Morning News "West Texas, the land and its people, provide both the subject and the soul of McDonald's powerful poetry."--Writers at Work
 id : 249935 ISBN : 1400030838  | name : There Are No Shortcuts  |  description : Year after year, Rafe Esquith’s fifth-grade students excel. They read passionately, far above their grade level; tackle algebra; and stage Shakespeare so professionally that they often wow the great Shakespearen actor himself, Sir Ian McKellen. Yet Esquith teaches at an L.A. innercity school known as the Jungle, where few of his students speak English at home, and many are from poor or troubled families. What’s his winning recipe? A diet of intensive learning mixed with a lot of kindness and fun. His kids attend class from 6:30 A.M. until well after 4:00 P.M., right through most of their vacations. They take field trips to Europe and Yosemite. They play rock and roll. Mediocrity has no place in their classroom. And the results follow them for life, as they go on to colleges such as Harvard, Princeton, and Stanford. Possessed by a fierce idealism, Esquith works even harder than his students. As an outspoken maverick of public education (his heroes include Huck Finn and Atticus Finch), he admits to significant mistakes and heated fights with administrators and colleagues. We all—teachers, parents, citizens—have much to learn from his candor and uncompromising vision.
 id : 249936 ISBN : 1400041422  | name : False Prophet  |  description : Stan Rice, who died in December 2002, was a poet of unique, uncompromising vision. Joy and brutality, faith and faithlessness, the beauty of truth and, at times, of untruth–these opposing forces come together one last time in his final book of poetry, a haunting collection of psalms. Beginning with his “Psalm 151”–that is, taking up where the Bible leaves off–Rice calls us to his own kind of prayer and contemplation. “Lord, hear me out,” he begins. “At the point of our need / The storehouse shares its shambles.” An elegant, passionate, tragic lament for our condition, Rice’s homemade psalms exhort us indirectly to accept our fate–the world as it is. In the brave, unshrinking manner that has characterized his whole career, Rice has written a profound farewell.
 id : 249937 ISBN : 1400051266  | name : Pigs at the Trough  |  description : Who filled the trough? Who set the table at the banquet of greed? How has it been possible for corporate pigs to gorge themselves on grossly inflated pay packages and heaping helpings of stock options while the average American struggles to make do with their leftovers? Provocative political commentator Arianna Huffington yanks back the curtain on the unholy alliance of CEOs, politicians, lobbyists, and Wall Street bankers who have shown a brutal disregard for those in the office cubicles and on the factory floors. As she puts it: “The economic game is not supposed to be rigged like some shady ring toss on a carnival midway.” Yet it has been, allowing corporate crooks to bilk the public out of trillions of dollars, magically making our pensions and 401(k)s disappear and walking away with astronomical payouts and absurdly lavish perks-for-life. The media have put their fingers on pieces of the sordid puzzle, but Pigs at the Trough presents the whole ugly picture of what’s really going on for the first time—a blistering, wickedly witty portrait of exactly how and why the worst and the greediest are running American business and government into the ground. Tyco’s Dennis Kozlowski, Adelphia’s John Rigas, and the Three Horsemen of the Enron Apocalypse—Ken Lay, Jeff Skilling, and Andrew Fastow—are not just a few bad apples. They are manifestations of a megatrend in corporate leadership—the rise of a callous and avaricious mind-set that is wildly out of whack with the core values of the average American. WorldCom, Enron, Adelphia, Tyco, AOL, Xerox, Merrill Lynch, and the other scandals are only the tip of the tip of the corruption iceberg. Making the case that our public watchdogs have become little more than obedient lapdogs, unwilling to bite the corporate hand that feeds them, Arianna Huffington turns the spotlight on the tough reforms we must demand from Washington. We need, she argues, to go way beyond the lame Corporate Responsibility Act if we are to stop the voracious corporate predators from eating away at the very foundations of our democracy. Devastatingly funny and powerfully indicting, Pigs at the Trough is a rousing call to arms and a must-read for all those who are outraged by the scandalous state of corporate America.
 id : 249938 ISBN : 1400051541  | name : Was It Beautiful?  |  description : William, age 50, is barely going through the motions, trapped in the unspeakable hell unique to parents who outlive their children. After watching in helpless horror as a train kills his beloved only child, he is fired from his job, and his wife, as ruined by suffocating sadness as her husband, moves in with her sister. Meanwhile, William's treasured daughter-in-law seeks oblivion in the arms of a local carpenter, and nothing seems able to break through his pain.
 id : 249940 ISBN : 1558850864  | name : Alicia's Treasure  |  description : When ten-year-old Alicia accompanies her brother and his girl friend to the beach, she experiences many things for the first time and gains new insights into herself.
 id : 249943 ISBN : 1564585492  | name : Things on Wheels  |  description : Photographs and text in question and answer format introduce various vehicles, from high-speed cars to giant diggers and dumpers.
 id : 249944 ISBN : 1565545583  | name : Recollections of Country Joe  |  description : A moving tribute to the people of another time and place, who faced hardships unknown today.
 id : 249945 ISBN : 1565848519  | name : Stupidity and Tears  |  description : From the National Book Award-winning author and educator, a book about teaching well in troubled times. A remarkable teacher who discovered in his first teaching assignment that in education he could keep playing with toys, didn't have to stop learning and could use what he knew in the service of others.Lisa Delpit on Herbert Kohl in The New York Times Book Review Teachers, parents, and would-be public-education reformers are battling a failing system. Facing strict budgets and misguided scrutiny, educators are confronted with unprecedented demands and a system that often works against them. Stupidity and Tears, by National Book Award-winning educator Herbert Kohl, is a much-needed call to resistance that offers concrete examples of teaching well under pressure. Kohl's central concern is the importance of teachers' work, both individually and collectively, in the struggle to keep democracy and hope alive at a time when teachers and their students are under siege. Topics discussed include the unflagging pressures of standards-based assessment, the pain teachers feel when asked to teach against their pedagogical conscience or to a high-stakes test, the development of a capacity to sense how students perceive the world, and the strength of the social imagination. Stupidity and Tears is rich with suggestions on developing positive and direct resistance to contemporary forces that threaten social justice.
 id : 249948 ISBN : 1570643938  | name : Digging to the Center of the Earth  |  description : Inspired by "A Journey to the Center of the Earth" by Jules Verne, this adventure finds Wishbone imagining that he's a professor who discovers a clue that actually points the way to an incredible journey and finds himself facing giants, dinosaurs, and raging waters as his group travels deep beneath the surface of the Earth.
 id : 249949 ISBN : 1571312722  | name : Wild Card Quilt  |  description : By the author of "Ecology of a Cracker Childhood" comes the story of a woman's return to her childhood home in Baxley, Georgia. 20 illustrations.
 id : 249951 ISBN : 1573248703  | name : Mama Says  |  description : Mama Says is a delightful, funny, and very wise book of over 400 sayings from mothers from around the world that represent a lineage of mothers' wisdom. The sayings are not always kind, not always useful, but always true to the intention of teaching young ones how to survive in the world. Many times, it's clear that these sayings are inherited wisdom, received from their mothers who learned it from theirs back into the untraceable past: "Nobody said life was fair." "You don't have anything to lose by asking." "From your mouth to God's ears." "Men only want one thing." Many times, what mama had to say was simply outrageous: "When faced with a room full of horse shit, look for the horse." "There's always something to come along to shorten the tail of the rabbit." "Whatever situation you find yourself in, think of what the Virgin Mary would do and do the same." Mama Says will make anybody laugh out loud remembering what Mom used to say, or smile recognizing how often we end up with the exact same words coming out of our own mouths. After all, "sooner or later, we all quote our mothers."
 id : 249952 ISBN : 157566089X  | name : Murder Among Friends  |  description : Kate Austen discovers the body of fellow divorcee Mona Sterling on the sofa of Mona's plush suburban home--accompanied by a fifth of expensive scotch and an empty bottle of sleeping pills. It would be easy to label it as a suicide, but Kate sees Mona's death as murder. Now, with every clue Kate uncovers, a cold-blooded killer moves closer to home--and to everything Kate holds dear. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
 id : 249953 ISBN : 1582430764  | name : Failure To Zigzag  |  description : It's southern California in the early Sixties, and Charlotte is a teenager, which is bad enough. She also has strange grandparents, with whom she lives, a schizophrenic ventriloquist alcoholic mother who appears and disappears regularly from her life, and only vague information about the father who died before Charlotte was born. With so much craziness in the family, Charlotte figures, whether it's "nature" or "nurture," she's doomed. In Failure to Zigzag, Jane Vandenburgh gracefully zigzags between hilarity and sorrow as she recounts Charlotte's attempts to grow up and to practice "sanity as a form of revenge."
 id : 249954 ISBN : 1585422444  | name : Brief Intervals of Horrible Sanity  |  description : An account of one teacher's experiences in the ill-fated New Visions school system describes her attempts to fulfill unrealistic ideals that included no books in the classroom, a tenure marked by a number of remarkable young people.
 id : 249959 ISBN : 1882593480  | name : Ready to Fall  |  description : In this witty tale of marriage and midlife longing, a taken-for-granted wife pursues a fantasy love via e-mail--like a "Bridget Jones's Diary" gone suburban, 40-ish, and wired.
 id : 249962 ISBN : 8420430439  | name : Sapo y Sepo son amigos  |  description : Our endearing pair hop along through five stories, looking for lost buttons, greeting the spring, and waiting for mail. Their true affection for each other makes Frog and Toad two of the finest amphibian role models to be found.
 id : 249968 ISBN : 2210754194  | name : Cheyenne  |  description : Une carte postale ayant pour unique texte un prénom, celui de Cheyenne, entraîne le narrateur dans un voyage, de Paris à Anvers, à la recherche de son premier amour. Trente ans plus tôt, le narrateur-enfant, alors âgé de 11 ans, fait la connaissance de Cheyenne, une jeune hôtesse de l'air qui s'occupe de lui tandis qu'il voyage seul. C'est le coup de foudre. A sens unique ? à double sens ? Une chose est sûre : cette rencontre marquera à jamais sa vie amoureuse et littéraire... Les relations entre le réel et la fiction, l'imposture et la vérité, le dédoublement d'identité lié à la création sont les thèmes majeurs de cette " fugue " amoureuse qu'est Cheyenne. Dans ce récit émouvant, Didier van Cauwelaert, prix Goncourt 1994, conjugue avec brio les différents types de la narration, naviguant entre un passé encore si présent et un présent tellement ancré dans le passé. L'interview exclusive de l'auteur, située à la fin du volume, aidera les élèves à mieux comprendre les subtilités du processus autobiographique.
 id : 249969 ISBN : 2210754216  | name : Le sabotage amoureux  |  description : Eprouver une passion fatale au cœur d'un pays mythique (la Chine de Mao, vue du quartier clos des ambassades), tandis que font rage les combats d'une guerre sans merci que se livrent des enfants de diplomates - telle est l'expérience hors du commun vécue à sept ans par l'héroïne du Sabotage amoureux. Le deuxième roman d'Amélie Nothomb ajoute au plaisir d'une intrigue mouvementée la saveur d'une écriture ironique et musicale. Fidèlement restitué dans toute sa fantaisie et toute sa cruauté, l'univers enfantin qui s'en dégage paraîtra familier à chacun(e). Pour faciliter la compréhension de cette œuvre littéraire de grande qualité, on trouvera un appareil pédagogique complet, suivi d'une interview exclusive de l'auteur. Cet ensemble permettra aux élèves d'acquérir les notions indispensables à l'étude des textes romanesques en général et, plus particulièrement, des textes autobiographiques.
 id : 249971 ISBN : 2253149209  | name : Le diable par la queue  |  description : Avant de connaître la consécration, Paul Auster a connu des années de " galère ", comme tout écrivain qui se refuse à exercer un autre métier. De ses mésaventures, de ses tentatives, de ses véritables paniques devant les soucis matériels, il fait ici la chronique allègre. Elle commence aux querelles budgétaires qui minent le couple de ses parents, et s'achève à la parution de son premier livre. Les admirateurs de l'écrivain apprendront comment il a traduit en direct un discours de Jean Genet, inventé un jeu de cartes qui aurait assuré sa fortune sans l'arrivée de l'informatique, écrit un polar noir dans l'espérance d'un gros tirage... Mais au-delà de l'anecdote, cette réflexion sincère sur l'argent et la création éclaire d'un jour nouveau, de même que les souvenirs réunis sous le titre Pourquoi écrire ?, bien des pages d'une œuvre romanesque déjà classique.
 id : 249973 ISBN : 2846243131  | name : Les métiers du multimédia et d'Internet  |  description : * Qu'est-ce que le multimédia ? Le terme désigne tous les supports, à savoir Internet, CD-Rom et DVD, qui permettent à du texte, des images et du son d'être diffusés simultanément et de façon interactive. * Qui fait du multimédia ? Difficile de cerner avec précision le secteur et le nombre d'emplois. Une certitude : les entreprises sont, pour la plupart, concentrées à Paris, de petite taille et emploient des salariés jeunes, puisque 60 d'entre eux ont moins de 30 ans. * Les entreprises du Net ont-elles encore un avenir ? Certes, les valeurs boursières des sociétés de la netéconomie ont chuté, mais Internet s'est imposé comme un outil d'information et de diffusion irremplaçable. * Quels sont les métiers les plus porteurs ? Webmaster, graphiste, développeur multimédia, chef de projet... ces fonctions sont parmi les plus répandues dans les sociétés multimédias. Mais de nombreux métiers " classiques ", tels que journaliste, traducteur, juriste, musicien, producteur, peuvent aussi s'exercer dans le secteur. * Est-il possible de trouver un emploi sans avoir de connaissances informatiques ? Si les entreprises proposent des fonctions tout à fait classiques (gestionnaire, juriste...), la plupart des postes nécessitent de posséder un minimum de connaissances techniques (langage HTML...). * Comment se former ? La majorité des pionniers du multimédia étaient des autodidactes. Aujourd'hui cependant, les entreprises recherchent des diplômés aux compétences techniques solides. Ce guide vous présente toutes les formations postbac avec les coordonnées des établissements. * Quel niveau d'études viser ? La tendance est à la hausse du niveau d'études, même si vous pouvez encore intégrer le secteur avec un bac+2. Mais n'oubliez pas, les recruteurs privilégient la culture générale et l'aptitude à s'adapter à de nouvelles technologies. * Faut-il se spécialiser ? Selon le domaine dans lequel vous voulez évoluer (création, gestion...), une spécialisation d'un ou deux ans pourra vous aider à vous insérer sur le marché de l'emploi.
 id : 249977 ISBN : 0394820967  | name : Thursday's Child  |  description : Proud of her unusual history, a nameless orphan faces with spirit the unbearable conditions of an early twentieth-century English orphanage.
 id : 249978 ISBN : 3442437792  | name : Schweinsgalopp  |  description : Auch auf der Scheibenwelt gibt es so etwas Ähnliches wie einen Weihnachtsmann: Er hat einen Bart und eilt alljährlich mit einem Schlitten voller Gaben durch die Lüfte herbei. Dieses Jahr bleibt er allerdings verschwunden, und so muss niemand Geringerer als Tod für ihn einspringen. In der Zwischenzeit begibt sich seine Enkelin Susanne auf die Suche nach dem Verschollenen ... Terry Pratchett, geboren 1948, fand im zarten Alter von 13 Jahren den ersten Käufer für eine seiner Geschichten. Heute zählt der kleine Mann mit dem grossen schwarzen Schlapphut zu den erfolgreichsten Autoren Grossbritanniens und ist einer der populärsten Fantasy-Autoren der Welt. Seit 1983 schreibt er Scheibenwelt-Romane. Inzwischen widmet er sich ganz seiner Schöpfung, und seine Gemeinde wird täglich grösser. Dabei ist er zweifellos der Autor mit dem skurrilsten ehemaligen Beruf: Er war jahrelang Pressesprecher für fünf Atomkraftwerke beim Central Electricity Generating Board. Nach eigener Auskunft hat er nur deshalb noch kein Buch darüber geschrieben, weil es ihm ja doch keiner glauben würde. Seinen Sinn für Realsatire hat der schrille Job jedenfalls geschärft. Von seinen Scheibenwelt-Romanen wurden weltweit rund 65 Millionen Exemplare verkauft, seine Werke sind in 37 Sprachen übersetzt. Für seine Verdienste um die englische Literatur wurde ihm sogar die Ritterwürde verliehen. Umgeben von den modernsten Computern (und so durch ein Stück Schnur mit dem Rest der Welt verbunden) lebt Terry Pratchett mit seiner Frau Lyn in der englischen Grafschaft Wiltshire.
 id : 249979 ISBN : 0380542544  | name : Fatal Flowers  |  description : Daniell recounts her painful evolution from a passive girl to a liberated woman in the Deep South, a region drenched in eroticism which yet punishes and represses every manifestation of sexuality
 id : 249982 ISBN : 0743456238  | name : A Midsummer Night's Scream  |  description : In the twilight of midsummer's eve, a strange carnival sets up on the outskirts of Avon. Globe University students flock to the field as the sinister celebration begins only to be tormented by werewolves, snakemen, and other demons of the dark side controlled by an evil teacher. Original.
 id : 249983 ISBN : 0809238985  | name : Safe Sex on Wall Street  |  description : So you're flirting with the stock market. Drawing parallels between investing and romance is not only entertaining but surprisingly instructive, as this witty guide to profitable investment techniques proves. Two Wall Street experts have fun while delivering well-organized, straight-to-the-point advice on how to invest for high returns.
 id : 249986 ISBN : 0345400747  | name : Solomon's Song  |  description : When drought and famine strike Judea, David's people wonder if he has become too old to rule. Solomon and his mother, Bathsheba, are sent to find a new addition to David's harem. During their search, Solomon falls in love with Shulamit, only to have her chosen as his father's bride. Solomon is heartbroken, but Bathsheba has plans of her own.
 id : 249987 ISBN : 3293200451  | name : Auch die Vögel sind fort  |  description : Subject: Drie jongens in Istanbul die, volgens een oud gebruik, door henzelf gevangen vogels willen verkopen oogsten spot en hoon
 id : 249988 ISBN : 3423005424  | name : Es waren Habichte in der Luft  |  description : Als 1951 dieser erste Roman von Siegfried Lenz erschien, war sich die Kritik spontan einig: hier kündigt sich ein Erzähler an, der eine eigene Sprache spricht, eindrucksvoll und unverwechselbar. Der Roman spielt kurz nach dem Ersten Weltkrieg im russisch-finnischen Grenzgebiet. Ein Lehrer versucht nach dem politischen Umsturz seinen Verfolgern zu entgehen. Seine Tarnungsmanöver werden jedoch von den Bewohnern des Grenzdorfes durchschaut. Das Ganze ist so unsentimental scharf und richtig gesehen, so klar profiliert und in der Aktion motiviert, daß man dem jungen Autor Siegfried Lenz einen Platz unter den Hoffnungen unserer jungen erzählenden Literatur einräumen muß. Karl Korn Inzwischen hat Lenz seinen Rang in der deutschen Nachkriegsliteratur durch ein kontinuierlich gewachsenes Werk eindrucksvoll bestätigt.
 id : 249990 ISBN : 3814401093  | name : Abenteuer im Ferienlager  |  description : Langeweile ist ausgeschossen, wenn die Freunde von TKKG die Sommerferien gemeinsam verbringen - noch dazu in einem Feriendorf an der Nordsee. Haarstäubende Abenteuer sind zu bestehen.
 id : 249991 ISBN : 1842360639  | name : Sport and Entertainment  |  description : The strangest, smallest, funniest, biggest, and best facts about sports and media superstars are gathered together in this collection of factoids and statistics for young researchers. Tables supply short sets of data and sidebars incorporate more detailed information. Pop music superstars, extreme sports statistics, funky fads, and cultural tidbits are all covered, with both serious and fun facts that offer insight into modern leisure activities and artistic passions.
